fortunes	whimsy	general	0	A day for firm decisions!!!!! Or is it?
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	A few hours grace before the madness begins again.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	A gift of a flower will soon be made to you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	A long-forgotten loved one will appear soon. Buy the negatives at any price.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	A tall, dark stranger will have more fun than you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	A visit to a fresh place will bring strange work.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	A visit to a strange place will bring fresh work.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	A vivid and creative mind characterizes you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Accent on helpful side of your nature. Drain the moat.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Advancement in position.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	After your lover has gone you will still have PEANUT BUTTER!
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Afternoon very favorable for romance. Try a single person for a change.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Alimony and bribes will engage a large share of your wealth.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	All the troubles you have will pass away very quickly.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Among the lucky, you are the chosen one.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	An avocado-tone refrigerator would look good on your resume.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	An exotic journey in downtown Newark is in your future.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Another good night not to sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Are you a turtle?
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Are you ever going to do the dishes? Or will you change your major to biology?
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Are you making all this up as you go along?
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Are you sure the back door is locked?
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Artistic ventures highlighted. Rob a museum.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Avert misunderstanding by calm, poise, and balance.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Avoid gunfire in the bathroom tonight.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Avoid reality at all costs.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Bank error in your favor. Collect $200.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Be careful! Is it classified?
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Be careful! UGLY strikes 9 out of 10!
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Be cautious in your daily affairs.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Be cheerful while you are alive.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Be different: conform.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Be free and open and breezy! Enjoy! Things won't get any better so get used to it.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Be security conscious -- National defense is at stake.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Beauty and harmony are as necessary to you as the very breath of life.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Best of all is never to have been born. Second best is to die soon.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Better hope the life-inspector doesn't come around while you have your life in such a mess.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Beware of a dark-haired man with a loud tie.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Beware of a tall black man with one blond shoe.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Beware of a tall blond man with one black shoe.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Beware of Bigfoot!
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Beware of low-flying butterflies.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Beware the one behind you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Blow it out your ear.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Break into jail and claim police brutality.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Bridge ahead. Pay troll.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Caution: breathing may be hazardous to your health.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Caution: Keep out of reach of children.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Celebrate Hannibal Day this year. Take an elephant to lunch.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Change your thoughts and you change your world.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Cheer Up! Things are getting worse at a slower rate.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Chess tonight.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Chicken Little only has to be right once.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Chicken Little was right.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Cold hands, no gloves.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Communicate! It can't make things any worse.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Courage is your greatest present need.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Day of inquiry. You will be subpoenaed.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Do not overtax your powers.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Do not sleep in a eucalyptus tree tonight.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Do something unusual today. Pay a bill.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Do what comes naturally. Seethe and fume and throw a tantrum.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Domestic happiness and faithful friends.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't feed the bats tonight.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't get stuck in a closet -- wear yourself out.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't get to bragging.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't go surfing in South Dakota for a while.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't kiss an elephant on the lips today.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't let your mind wander -- it's too little to be let out alone.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't look back, the lemmings are gaining on you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't look now, but the man in the moon is laughing at you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't look now, but there is a multi-legged creature on your shoulder.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't plan any hasty moves. You'll be evicted soon anyway.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't read any sky-writing for the next two weeks.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't read everything you believe.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't relax! It's only your tension that's holding you together.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't tell any big lies today. Small ones can be just as effective.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't worry so loud, your roommate can't think.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't Worry, Be Happy.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't worry. Life's too long.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't you feel more like you do now than you did when you came in?
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Don't you wish you had more energy... or less ambition?
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Everything that you know is wrong, but you can be straightened out.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Everything will be just tickety-boo today.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Excellent day for putting Slinkies on an escalator.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Excellent day to have a rotten day.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Excellent time to become a missing person.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Executive ability is prominent in your make-up.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Exercise caution in your daily affairs.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Expect a letter from a friend who will ask a favor of you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Expect the worst, it's the least you can do.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Fine day for friends. So-so day for you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Fine day to work off excess energy. Steal something heavy.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Fortune: You will be attacked next Wednesday at 3:15 p.m. by six samurai sword wielding purple fish glued to Harley-Davidson motorcycles. Oh, and have a nice day!
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Future looks spotty. You will spill soup in late evening.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Generosity and perfection are your everlasting goals.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Give him an evasive answer.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Give thought to your reputation. Consider changing name and moving to a new town.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Give your very best today. Heaven knows it's little enough.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Go to a movie tonight. Darkness becomes you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Good day for a change of scene. Repaper the bedroom wall.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Good day for overcoming obstacles. Try a steeplechase.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Good day to deal with people in high places; particularly lonely stewardesses.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Good day to let down old friends who need help.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Good news from afar can bring you a welcome visitor.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Good news. Ten weeks from Friday will be a pretty good day.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Good night to spend with family, but avoid arguments with your mate's new lover.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Green light in A.M. for new projects. Red light in P.M. for traffic tickets.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Hope that the day after you die is a nice day.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	If you can read this, you're too close.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	If you learn one useless thing every day, in a single year you'll learn 365 useless things.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	If you sow your wild oats, hope for a crop failure.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	If you stand on your head, you will get footprints in your hair.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	If you think last Tuesday was a drag, wait till you see what happens tomorrow!
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	If your life was a horse, you'd have to shoot it.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	In the stairway of life, you'd best take the elevator.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Increased knowledge will help you now. Have mate's phone bugged.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Is that really YOU that is reading this?
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Is this really happening?
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	It is so very hard to be an on-your-own-take-care-of-yourself-because-there-is-no-one-else-to-do-it-for-you grown-up.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	It may or may not be worthwhile, but it still has to be done.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	It was all so different before everything changed.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	It's a very *UN*lucky week in which to be took dead.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	It's all in the mind, ya know.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	It's lucky you're going so slowly, because you're going in the wrong direction.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Just because the message may never be received does not mean it is not worth sending.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Just to have it is enough.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Keep emotionally active. Cater to your favorite neurosis.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Keep it short for pithy sake.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Lady Luck brings added income today. Lady friend takes it away tonight.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Learn to pause -- or nothing worthwhile can catch up to you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Let me put it this way: today is going to be a learning experience.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Life is to you a dashing and bold adventure.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	"Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it."
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Live in a world of your own, but always welcome visitors.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Living your life is a task so difficult, it has never been attempted before.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Long life is in store for you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Look afar and see the end from the beginning.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Love is in the offing. Be affectionate to one who adores you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Make a wish, it might come true.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Many changes of mind and mood; do not hesitate too long.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Never be led astray onto the path of virtue.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Never commit yourself! Let someone else commit you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Never give an inch!
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Never look up when dragons fly overhead.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Never reveal your best argument.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Next Friday will not be your lucky day. As a matter of fact, you don't have a lucky day this year.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Of course you have a purpose -- to find a purpose.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	People are beginning to notice you. Try dressing before you leave the house.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Perfect day for scrubbing the floor and other exciting things.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Questionable day. Ask somebody something.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Reply hazy, ask again later.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Save energy: be apathetic.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Ships are safe in harbor, but they were never meant to stay there.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Slow day. Practice crawling.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Snow Day -- stay home.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	So this is it. We're going to die.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	So you're back... about time...
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Someone is speaking well of you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Someone is speaking well of you. How unusual!
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Someone whom you reject today, will reject you tomorrow.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Stay away from flying saucers today.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Stay away from hurricanes for a while.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Stay the curse.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	That secret you've been guarding, isn't.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	The time is right to make new friends.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	The whole world is a tuxedo and you are a pair of brown shoes.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	There is a 20% chance of tomorrow.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	There is a fly on your nose.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	There was a phone call for you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	There will be big changes for you but you will be happy.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Things will be bright in P.M. A cop will shine a light in your face.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Think twice before speaking, but don't say "think think click click".
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	This life is yours. Some of it was given to you; the rest, you made yourself.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	This will be a memorable month -- no matter how hard you try to forget it.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Time to be aggressive. Go after a tattooed Virgo.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Today is National Existential Ennui Awareness Day.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Today is the first day of the rest of the mess.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Today is the first day of the rest of your life.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Today is the last day of your life so far.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Today is the tomorrow you worried about yesterday.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Today is what happened to yesterday.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Today's weirdness is tomorrow's reason why.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Tomorrow will be cancelled due to lack of interest.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Tomorrow, this will be part of the unchangeable past but fortunately, it can still be changed today.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Tomorrow, you can be anywhere.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Tonight you will pay the wages of sin; Don't forget to leave a tip.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Tonight's the night: Sleep in a eucalyptus tree.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Troubled day for virgins over 16 who are beautiful and wealthy and live in eucalyptus trees.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Truth will out this morning. (Which may really mess things up.)
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Try the Moo Shu Pork. It is especially good today.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Try to get all of your posthumous medals in advance.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Try to have as good a life as you can under the circumstances.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Try to relax and enjoy the crisis.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Try to value useful qualities in one who loves you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Tuesday After Lunch is the cosmic time of the week.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Tuesday is the Wednesday of the rest of your life.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	What happened last night can happen again.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	While you recently had your problems on the run, they've regrouped and are making another attack.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Write yourself a threatening letter and pen a defiant reply.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are a bundle of energy, always on the go.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are a very redundant person, that's what kind of person you are.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are always busy.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are as I am with You.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are capable of planning your future.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are confused; but this is your normal state.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are deeply attached to your friends and acquaintances.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are destined to become the commandant of the fighting men of the department of transportation.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are dishonest, but never to the point of hurting a friend.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are fairminded, just and loving.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are farsighted, a good planner, an ardent lover, and a faithful friend.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are fighting for survival in your own sweet and gentle way.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are going to have a new love affair.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are magnetic in your bearing.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are not dead yet. But watch for further reports.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are number 6! Who is number one?
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are only young once, but you can stay immature indefinitely.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are scrupulously honest, frank, and straightforward. Therefore you have few friends.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are sick, twisted and perverted. I like that in a person.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are so boring that when I see you my feet go to sleep.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are standing on my toes.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are taking yourself far too seriously.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are the only person to ever get this message.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You are wise, witty, and wonderful, but you spend too much time reading this sort of trash.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You attempt things that you do not even plan because of your extreme stupidity.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You can create your own opportunities this week. Blackmail a senior executive.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You can do very well in speculation where land or anything to do with dirt is concerned.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You can rent this space for only $5 a week.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You could live a better life, if you had a better mind and a better body.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You definitely intend to start living sometime soon.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You dialed 5483.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You display the wonderful traits of charm and courtesy.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You don't become a failure until you're satisfied with being one.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You enjoy the company of other people.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You feel a whole lot more like you do now than you did when you used to.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You fill a much-needed gap.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You get along very well with everyone except animals and people.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You had some happiness once, but your parents moved away, and you had to leave it behind.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have a deep appreciation of the arts and music.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have a deep interest in all that is artistic.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have a reputation for being thoroughly reliable and trustworthy. A pity that it's totally undeserved.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have a strong appeal for members of the opposite sex.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have a strong appeal for members of your own sex.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have a strong desire for a home and your family interests come first.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have a truly strong individuality.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have a will that can be influenced by all with whom you come in contact.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have an ability to sense and know higher truth.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have an ambitious nature and may make a name for yourself.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have an unusual equipment for success. Be sure to use it properly.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have an unusual magnetic personality. Don't walk too close to metal objects which are not fastened down.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have an unusual understanding of the problems of human relationships.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have been selected for a secret mission.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have Egyptian flu: you're going to be a mummy.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have had a long-term stimulation relative to business.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have literary talent that you should take pains to develop.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have many friends and very few living enemies.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have no real enemies.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have taken yourself too seriously.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have the body of a 19 year old. Please return it before it gets wrinkled.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have the capacity to learn from mistakes. You'll learn a lot today.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You have the power to influence all with whom you come in contact.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You learn to write as if to someone else because NEXT YEAR YOU WILL BE "SOMEONE ELSE."
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You like to form new friendships and make new acquaintances.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You look like a million dollars. All green and wrinkled.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You look tired.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You love peace.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You love your home and want it to be beautiful.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You may be gone tomorrow, but that doesn't mean that you weren't here today.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You may be infinitely smaller than some things, but you're infinitely larger than others.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You may be recognized soon. Hide.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You may get an opportunity for advancement today. Watch it!
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You may worry about your hair-do today, but tomorrow much peanut butter will be sold.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You need more time; and you probably always will.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You need no longer worry about the future. This time tomorrow you'll be dead.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You never hesitate to tackle the most difficult problems.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You now have Asian Flu.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You own a dog, but you can only feed a cat.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You plan things that you do not even attempt because of your extreme caution.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You possess a mind not merely twisted, but actually sprained.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You prefer the company of the opposite sex, but are well liked by your own.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You recoil from the crude; you tend naturally toward the exquisite.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You seek to shield those you love and you like the role of the provider.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You shall be rewarded for a dastardly deed.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You should emulate your heroes, but don't carry it too far. Especially if they are dead.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You should go home.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You single-handedly fought your way into this hopeless mess.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You teach best what you most need to learn.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You too can wear a nose mitten.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You two ought to be more careful--your love could drag on for years and years.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will always get the greatest recognition for the job you least like.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will always have good luck in your personal affairs.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will attract cultured and artistic people to your home.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be a winner today. Pick a fight with a four-year-old.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be advanced socially, without any special effort on your part.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be aided greatly by a person whom you thought to be unimportant.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be attacked by a beast who has the body of a wolf, the tail of a lion, and the face of Donald Duck.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be audited by the Internal Revenue Service.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be awarded a medal for disregarding safety in saving someone.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be awarded some great honor.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize... posthumously.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be called upon to help a friend in trouble.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be divorced within a year.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be given a post of trust and responsibility.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be held hostage by a radical group.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be honored for contributing your time and skill to a worthy cause.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be imprisoned for contributing your time and skill to a bank robbery.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be married within a year, and divorced within two.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be married within a year.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be misunderstood by everyone.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be recognized and honored as a community leader.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be reincarnated as a toad; and you will be much happier.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be run over by a beer truck.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be run over by a bus.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be singled out for promotion in your work.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be successful in love.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be surprised by a loud noise.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be surrounded by luxury.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be the last person to buy a Chrysler.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be the victim of a bizarre joke.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be Told about it Tomorrow. Go Home and Prepare Thyself.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be traveling and coming into a fortune.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will be winged by an anti-aircraft battery.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will become rich and famous unless you don't.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will contract a rare disease.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will engage in a profitable business activity.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will experience a strong urge to do good; but it will pass.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will feel hungry again in another hour.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will forget that you ever knew me.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will gain money by a fattening action.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will gain money by a speculation or lottery.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will gain money by an illegal action.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will gain money by an immoral action.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will get what you deserve.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will give someone a piece of your mind, which you can ill afford.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will have a long and boring life.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will have a long and unpleasant discussion with your supervisor.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will have domestic happiness and faithful friends.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will have long and healthy life.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will hear good news from one you thought unfriendly to you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will inherit millions of dollars.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will inherit some money or a small piece of land.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will live a long, healthy, happy life and make bags of money.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will live to see your grandchildren.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will lose your present job and have to become a door to door mayonnaise salesman.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will meet an important person who will help you advance professionally.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will never know hunger.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will not be elected to public office this year.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will obey or molten silver will be poured into your ears.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will outgrow your usefulness.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will overcome the attacks of jealous associates.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will pass away very quickly.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will pay for your sins. If you have already paid, please disregard this message.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will pioneer the first Martian colony.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will probably marry after a very brief courtship.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will reach the highest possible point in your business or profession.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will receive a legacy which will place you above want.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will remember something that you should not have forgotten.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will soon forget this.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will soon meet a person who will play an important role in your life.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will step on the night soil of many countries.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will stop at nothing to reach your objective, but only because your brakes are defective.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will triumph over your enemy.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will visit the Dung Pits of Glive soon.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will win success in whatever calling you adopt.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You will wish you hadn't.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You work very hard. Don't try to think as well.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You worry too much about your job. Stop it. You are not paid enough to worry.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You would if you could but you can't so you won't.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You'd like to do it instantaneously, but that's too slow.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You'll be called to a post requiring ability in handling groups of people.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You'll be sorry...
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You'll feel devilish tonight. Toss dynamite caps under a flamenco dancer's heel.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You'll feel much better once you've given up hope.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You'll never be the man your mother was!
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You'll never see all the places, or read all the books, but fortunately, they're not all recommended.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You'll wish that you had done some of the hard things when they were easier to do.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You're a card which will have to be dealt with.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You're almost as happy as you think you are.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You're at the end of the road again.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You're being followed. Cut out the hanky-panky for a few days.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You're currently going through a difficult transition period called "Life."
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You're definitely on their list. The question to ask next is what list it is.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You're growing out of some of your problems, but there are others that you're growing into.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You're not my type. For that matter, you're not even my species!!!
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You're ugly and your mother dresses you funny.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You're working under a slight handicap. You happen to be human.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	You've been leading a dog's life. Stay off the furniture.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your aim is high and to the right.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your aims are high, and you are capable of much.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your analyst has you mixed up with another patient. Don't believe a thing he tells you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your best consolation is the hope that the things you failed to get weren't really worth having.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your boss climbed the corporate ladder, wrong by wrong.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your boss is a few sandwiches short of a picnic.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your boyfriend takes chocolate from strangers.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your business will assume vast proportions.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your business will go through a period of considerable expansion.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your depth of comprehension may tend to make you lax in worldly ways.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your domestic life may be harmonious.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your fly might be open (but don't check it just now).
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your goose is cooked. (Your current chick is burned up too!)
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your heart is pure, and your mind clear, and your soul devout.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your life would be very empty if you had nothing to regret.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your love life will be happy and harmonious.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your love life will be... interesting.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your lover will never wish to leave you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your lucky color has faded.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your lucky number has been disconnected.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your lucky number is 3552664958674928. Watch for it everywhere.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of good news soon.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your mode of life will be changed for the better because of new developments.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your motives for doing whatever good deed you may have in mind will be misinterpreted by somebody.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your nature demands love and your happiness depends on it.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your object is to save the world, while still leading a pleasant life.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your own qualities will help prevent your advancement in the world.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your present plans will be successful.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your reasoning is excellent -- it's only your basic assumptions that are wrong.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your reasoning powers are good, and you are a fairly good planner.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your sister swims out to meet troop ships.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your society will be sought by people of taste and refinement.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your step will soil many countries.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your supervisor is thinking about you.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your talents will be recognized and suitably rewarded.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your temporary financial embarrassment will be relieved in a surprising manner.
fortunes	whimsy	general	0	Your true value depends entirely on what you are compared with.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In the depth of winter, I finally learned that there was within me an invincible summer.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To follow, without halt, one aim: There is the secret of success.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Focusing your life solely on making a buck shows a poverty of ambition. It asks too little of yourself. And it will leave you unfulfilled.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is never too late to be what you might have been.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Who sows virtue reaps honor.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nobody will believe in you unless you believe in yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Each day provides its own gifts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't wait. The time will never be just right.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If I am not for myself, who will be for me? If I am not for others, what am I? And if not now, when?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you love someone, set them free. If they come back, they're yours; if they don't, they never were.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is no duty we so underrate as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	These days people seek knowledge, not wisdom. Knowledge is of the past; wisdom is of the future.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	This is the final test of a gentleman: his respect for those who can be of no possible value to him.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Six essential qualities that are the key to success: Sincerity, personal integrity, humility, courtesy, wisdom, charity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Short words are best and the old words when short are best of all.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Applause is a receipt, not a bill.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never interrupt someone doing what you said couldn't be done.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Many sophisticated, intelligent people lack wisdom and common sense.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Every friendship goes through ups and downs. Dysfunctional patterns set in; external situations cause internal friction; you grow apart and then bounce back together.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship, like love, is destroyed by long absence, though it may be increased by short intermissions.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do something wonderful, people may imitate it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There surely is in human nature an inherent propensity to extract all the good out of all the evil.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	As you think, so shall you become.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Genuine sincerity opens people's hearts, while manipulation causes them to close.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The universe is full of magical things, patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Those who cannot learn from history are doomed to repeat it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The thoughts we choose to think are the tools we use to paint the canvas of our lives.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed of an equal or greater benefit.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Strong beliefs win strong men, and then make them stronger.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Well done is better than well said.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We must not allow ourselves to become like the system we oppose.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The key to transforming our hearts and minds is to have an understanding of how our thoughts and emotions work.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do not give your attention to what others do or fail to do; give it to what you do or fail to do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you wish to be a writer, write.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Not every difficult and dangerous thing is suitable for training, but only that which is conducive to success in achieving the object of our effort.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	But man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can't shake hands with a clenched fist.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are things so deep and complex that only intuition can reach it in our stage of development as human beings.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can't stop the waves, but you can learn to surf.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you correct your mind, the rest of your life will fall into place.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Imagination is the highest kite one can fly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Those who are blessed with the most talent don't necessarily outperform everyone else. It's the people with follow-through who excel.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No man can succeed in a line of endeavor which he does not like.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Here is one quality that one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	By believing passionately in something that does not yet exist, we create it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It's so simple to be wise. Just think of something stupid to say and then don't say it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do more than dream: work.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Genius unrefined resembles a flash of lightning, but wisdom is like the sun.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Those that know, do. Those that understand, teach.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We must learn our limits. We are all something, but none of us are everything.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	They must often change, who would be constant in happiness or wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Respect should be earned by actions, and not acquired by years.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We are all inclined to judge ourselves by our ideals; others, by their acts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All the great performers I have worked with are fueled by a personal dream.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Beauty is not in the face; beauty is a light in the heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You were not born a winner, and you were not born a loser. You are what you make yourself be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our strength grows out of our weaknesses.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Things that were hard to bear are sweet to remember.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When people are like each other they tend to like each other.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are: Hard work, Stick-to-itiveness, and Common sense.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you were to offer a thirsty man all wisdom, you would not please him more than if you gave him a drink.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To hell with circumstances, I create opportunities.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When fate hands us a lemon, let's try to make lemonade.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One must be fond of people and trust them if one is not to make a mess of life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nobody made a greater mistake than he who did nothing because he could do only a little.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All serious daring starts from within.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Trouble is only opportunity in work clothes.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Quality is never an accident; it is always the result of intelligent effort.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Everything that exists is in a manner the seed of that which will be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Fear not for the future, weep not for the past.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The only Zen you find on the tops of mountains is the Zen you bring up there.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Memory is the mother of all wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never, never, never give up.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The key is to keep company only with people who uplift you, whose presence calls forth your best.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can only learn so much from books. You can only learn so much from education. Ultimately, it is the wisdom of God that will carry you through in the toughest situations of life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	However rare true love may be, it is less so than true friendship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	True friendship is like sound health; the value of it is seldom known until it is lost.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Neatness begets order; but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Take no thought of who is right or wrong or who is better than. Be not for or against.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What you do not want done to yourself, do not do to others.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You must do the things you think you cannot do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	By nature, man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Minds are like parachutes. They only function when open.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I can't imagine a person becoming a success who doesn't give this game of life everything he's got.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nature and books belong to the eyes that see them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Speak when you are angry, and you will make the best speech you will ever regret.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness does not come about only due to external circumstances; it mainly derives from inner attitudes.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be your own hero, it's cheaper than a movie ticket.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If a man does his best, what else is there?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Great acts are made up of small deeds.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Anybody can make history. Only a great man can write it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge has three degrees: opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge is proud that it knows so much; wisdom is humble that it knows no more.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	So much technology, so little talent.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I define friendship as a bond that transcends all barriers. When you are ready to expect anything and everything from friends, good, bad or ugly... that's what I call true friendship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be slow in choosing a friend, slower in changing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Marriage: A friendship recognized by the police.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What is necessary to change a person is to change his awareness of himself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Peace cannot be kept by force. It can only be achieved by understanding.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: decide what you want.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To have much learning and skill, to be well-trained in discipline, and good in speech - this is the highest blessing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A single lamp may light hundreds of thousands of lamps without itself being diminished.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	How many cares one loses when one decides not to be something but to be someone.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sadness flies away on the wings of time.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Change your life today. Don't gamble on the future, act now, without delay.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Independence is happiness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	People usually compare the computer to the head of the human being. I would say that hardware is the bone of the head, the skull. The semiconductor is the brain within the head. The software is the wisdom. And data is the knowledge.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The doors of wisdom are never shut.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When the solution is simple, God is answering.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Blessed is the man who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The art of progress is to preserve order amid change, and to preserve change amid order.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Kind words do not cost much. Yet they accomplish much.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can only grow if you're willing to feel awkward and uncomfortable when you try something new.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't leave a stone unturned. It's always something, to know you have done the most you could.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Fine words and an insinuating appearance are seldom associated with true virtue
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The superior man acts before he speaks, and afterwards speaks according to his action.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Reality does not conform to the ideal but confirms it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Things do not change; we change.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Decision is a risk rooted in the courage of being free.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We can change our lives. We can do, have, and be exactly what we wish.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love is a friendship set to music.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite. This is a very comforting thought-- particularly for people who can never remember where they have left things.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Whatever we expect with confidence becomes our own self-fulfilling prophecy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The wisest men follow their own direction.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who talks more is sooner exhausted.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you want a thing done well, do it yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The only journey is the one within.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Good thoughts are no better than good dreams, unless they be executed.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Time changes everything except something within us which is always surprised by change.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be great in act, as you have been in thought.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Between saying and doing, many a pair of shoes is worn out.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of oneself, and in the next, from the friendship and conversation of a few select companions.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our most intimate friend is not he to whom we show the worst, but the best of our nature.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any one thing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Feeling and longing are the motive forces behind all human endeavor and human creations.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When deeds and words are in accord, the whole world is transformed.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Until you make peace with who you are, you'll never be content with what you have.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do what you can. Want what you have. Be who you are.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you think you can, you can. And if you think you can't, you're right.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Silence is a source of great strength.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Always be smarter than the people who hire you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No one has a finer command of language than the person who keeps his mouth shut.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement - that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You've got to go out on a limb sometimes because that's where the fruit is.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Cleverness is not wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nothing happens unless first we dream.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Every great advance in science has issued from a new audacity of the imagination.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who knows that enough is enough will always have enough.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Always seek out the seed of triumph in every adversity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We are Divine enough to ask and we are important enough to receive.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wise men make more opportunities than they find.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The key to wisdom is this - constant and frequent questioning, for by doubting we are led to question and by questioning we arrive at the truth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Vanity can easily overtake wisdom. It usually overtakes common sense.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Technology... the knack of so arranging the world that we don't have to experience it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is easier to live through someone else than to become complete yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To want to be what one can be is purpose in life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Difficulties are things that show a person what they are.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Practice yourself, for heaven's sake in little things, and then proceed to greater.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Think like a man of action; act like a man of thought.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Yeah, we all shine on, like the moon, and the stars, and the sun.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Intuition will tell the thinking mind where to look next.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The more light you allow within you, the brighter the world you live in will be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Numberless are the worlds wonders, but none more wonderful than man.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Opportunity is missed by most because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Fortune favors the brave.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Anything you really want, you can attain, if you really go after it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	With pride, there are many curses. With humility, there come many blessings.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never find fault with the absent.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In action a great heart is the chief qualification. In work, a great head.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I have learned that to be with those I like is enough.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I think somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Time you enjoyed wasting was not wasted.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who is contented is rich.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You really can change the world if you care enough.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The simplest things are often the truest.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The price of greatness is responsibility.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The wisdom of the wise, and the experience of ages, may be preserved by quotation.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You always have two choices: your commitment versus your fear.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Let there be no purpose in friendship save the deepening of the spirit.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If one way be better than another, that you may be sure is nature's way.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Yesterday I dared to struggle. Today I dare to win.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing me; I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Real success is finding your lifework in the work that you love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nature gave us one tongue and two ears so we could hear twice as much as we speak.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You have to believe in yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The path to success is to take massive, determined action.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We never live; we are always in the expectation of living.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Hope arouses, as nothing else can arouse, a passion for the possible.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be Impeccable with Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The time to repair the roof is when the sun is shining.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I know that inner wisdom is more precious than wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The extreme limit of wisdom, that's what the public calls madness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life has no blessing like a prudent friend.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Your worst enemy cannot harm you as much as your own unguarded thoughts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness is not something ready-made. It comes from your own actions.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Until you make peace with who you are, you will never be content with what you have.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is nothing permanent except change.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Believe deep down in your heart that you're destined to do great things.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To fly, we have to have resistance.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Write your plans in pencil and give God the eraser.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is only when the mind and character slumber that the dress can be seen.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To climb steep hills requires a slow pace at first.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Always keep an open mind and a compassionate heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are three classes of men; lovers of wisdom, lovers of honor, and lovers of gain.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Acquaintances we meet, enjoy, and can easily leave behind; but friendship grows deep roots.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I want my friend to miss me as long as I miss him.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You have to do your own growing no matter how tall your grandfather was.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We know the truth, not only by the reason, but by the heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What is past is left behind. The future is yet unreached. Whatever quality is present, clearly see it right there.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I endeavor to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our kindness may be the most persuasive argument for that which we believe.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We never understand how little we need in this world until we know the loss of it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Meaning is not what you start with but what you end up with.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To fly as fast as thought, you must begin by knowing that you have already arrived.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When in doubt, don't.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Even youngish men can acquire wisdom as time goes by.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Give me six hours to chop down a tree and I will spend the first four sharpening the axe.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All our talents increase in the using, and every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Begin, be bold, and venture to be wise.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To listen well is as powerful a means of communication and influence as to talk well.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	At the center of your being, you have the answer; you know who you are, and you know what you want.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world as being able to remake ourselves.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I don't believe in failure. It's not failure if you enjoyed the process.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	People don't notice whether it's winter or summer when they're happy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I had three chairs in my house; one for solitude, two for friendship, three for society.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is color-blind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Every man is a volume if you know how to read him.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To be wrong is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love and compassion open our own inner life, reducing stress, distrust and loneliness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The universe is transformation; our life is what our thoughts make it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you want things to be different, perhaps the answer is to become different yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nothing is at last sacred but the integrity of your own mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Belief consists in accepting the affirmations of the soul; Unbelief, in denying them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In every walk with nature, one receives far more than he seeks.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Excellence, then, is a state concerned with choice, lying in a mean, relative to us, this being determined by reason and in the way in which the man of practical wisdom would determine it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Technology made large populations possible; large populations now make technology indispensable.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is more shameful to distrust our friends than to be deceived by them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches but reveal to them their own.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our passion is our strength.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No day in which you learn something is a complete loss.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He that respects himself is safe from others; he wears a coat of mail that none can pierce.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who conquers others is strong; He who conquers himself is mighty.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To go against the dominant thinking of your friends, of most of the people you see every day, is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Just as much as we see in others, we have in ourselves.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We know what we are but know not what we may be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	As a technology, the book is like a hammer. That is to say, it is perfect: a tool ideally suited to its task. Hammers can be tweaked and varied but will never go obsolete. Even when builders pound nails by the thousand with pneumatic nail guns, every household needs a hammer.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another; people are friends in spots.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The only real valuable thing is intuition.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	They say that time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Remember that sometimes not getting what you want is a wonderful stroke of luck.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Fear grows in darkness; if you think there's a bogeyman around, turn on the light.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Freedom is the right to live as we wish.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If it is not right do not do it; if it is not true do not say it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A goal is a dream with a deadline.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do not waste yourself in rejection, nor bark against the bad, but chant the beauty of the good.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Talent is God given. Be humble. Fame is man-given. Be grateful. Conceit is self-given. Be careful.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom alone is the science of other sciences.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is good even for old men to learn wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	True friendship ought never to conceal what it thinks.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One's friends are that part of the human race with which one can be human.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The energy of the mind is the essence of life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Conditions fall apart. Persist with diligence.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I love my past. I love my present. I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes the most important thing in a whole day is the rest we take between two deep breaths.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	An ounce of emotion is equal to a ton of facts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In skating over thin ice our safety is in our speed.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The virtue of justice consists in moderation, as regulated by wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Remember that a gesture of friendship, no matter how small, is always appreciated.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Joy is the best makeup.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The least movement is of importance to all nature. The entire ocean is affected by a pebble.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Goals are the fuel in the furnace of achievement.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The highest stage in moral culture at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A prudent question is one half of wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The possibilities are numerous once we decide to act and not react.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't compromise yourself. You are all you've got.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The biggest adventure you can ever take is to live the life of your dreams.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is nothing so useless as doing efficiently that which should not be done at all.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Go put your creed into the deed. Nor speak with double tongue.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To be what we are, and to become what we are capable of becoming, is the only end of life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The deepest craving of human nature is the need to be appreciated.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Quick decisions are unsafe decisions.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts. Always keep your body filled with light and heat. Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Commitment is an act, not a word.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is essentially a partnership.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I never think of the future. It comes soon enough.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All I can say about life is, Oh God, enjoy it!
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sincerity is the way of Heaven. The attainment of sincerity is the way of men.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Good timber does not grow with ease; the stronger the wind, the stronger the trees.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never mistake activity for achievement.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nothing is softer or more flexible than water, yet nothing can resist it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The power of intuitive understanding will protect you from harm until the end of your days.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you learn, teach. When you get, give.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Let yourself be silently drawn by the stronger pull of what you really love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nothing diminishes anxiety faster than action.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Remember that failure is an event, not a person.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To profit from good advice requires more wisdom than to give it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The language of friendship is not words but meanings.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success!
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A passion for politics stems usually from an insatiable need, either for power, or for friendship and adulation, or a combination of both.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I will prepare and someday my chance will come.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All is flux; nothing stays still.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Time you enjoy wasting, was not wasted.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is a succession of lessons, which must be lived to be understood.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A monarchy conducted with infinite wisdom and infinite benevolence is the most perfect of all possible governments.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom often times consists of knowing what to do next.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It's supposed to be automatic, but actually you have to push this button.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Action is eloquence.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One fails forward toward success.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If only wed stop trying to be happy wed have a pretty good time.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A day of worry is more exhausting than a day of work.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I'm not afraid of storms, for I'm learning how to sail my ship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We must become the change we want to see.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The best thing in every noble dream is the dreamer...
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The ladder of success is never crowded at the top.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The best way to predict your future is to create it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ignorant men don't know what good they hold in their hands until they've flung it away.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Think as a wise man but communicate in the language of the people.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom - and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I took a speed-reading course and read 'War and Peace' in twenty minutes. It involves Russia.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wherever a man turns he can find someone who needs him.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is only with the heart that one can see rightly, what is essential is invisible to the eye.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Excellence is to do a common thing in an uncommon way.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If we look at the world with a love of life, the world will reveal its beauty to us.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Knowing is not enough; we must apply!
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I believe that every person is born with talent.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wise men talk because they have something to say; fools, because they have to say something.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Before we acquire great power, we must acquire wisdom to use it well.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	True friends stab you in the front.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To give oneself earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist or accept responsibility for changing them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't ruin the present with the ruined past.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Let the future tell the truth and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do all things with love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Divide each difficulty into as many parts as is feasible and necessary to resolve it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is no great genius without some touch of madness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	From error to error one discovers the entire truth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To choose what is difficult all one's days, as if it were easy, that is faith.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is one mind in two bodies.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	My friends are my estate.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is just a chance to grow a soul.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The only real mistake is the one from which we learn nothing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To succeed, we must first believe that we can.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Leave no stone unturned.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is more wisdom in your body than in your deepest philosophy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Does wisdom perhaps appear on the earth as a raven which is inspired by the smell of carrion?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Science gives us knowledge, but only philosophy can give us wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	See the positive side, the potential, and make an effort.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Forgiveness is choosing to love. It is the first skill of self-giving love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Mind is everything: muscle, pieces of rubber. All that I am, I am because of my mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Chaos and Order are not enemies, only opposites.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The fall of dropping water wears away the Stone.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	This is the whole point of technology. It creates an appetite for immortality on the one hand. It threatens universal extinction on the other. Technology is lust removed from nature.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Rock n' roll as a genre is different from pop and hip hop: it is about bands, and that for me suggests brotherhood, family, friendship and community.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Setting an example is not the main means of influencing another, it is the only means.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is so constructed that an event does not, cannot, will not, match the expectation.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is a succession of moments. To live each one is to succeed.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Light tomorrow with today!
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you come to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance, the wise grows it under his feet.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The more you care, the stronger you can be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Victory belongs to the most persevering.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The smallest act of kindness is worth more than the grandest intention.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Miracles come in moments. Be ready and willing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What wisdom can you find that is greater than kindness?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Communications tools don't get socially interesting until they get technologically boring.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Technology is anything that wasn't around when you were born.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The sincere friends of this world are as ship lights in the stormiest of nights.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love does not consist of gazing at each other, but in looking together in the same direction.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The Superior Man is aware of Righteousness, the inferior man is aware of advantage.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Just as a flower, which seems beautiful has color but no perfume, so are the fruitless words of a man who speaks them but does them not.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Keep yourself to the sunshine and you cannot see the shadow.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Not all those who wander are lost.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If we could learn to like ourselves, even a little, maybe our cruelties and angers might melt away.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The universe is made of stories, not atoms.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Liberty, taking the word in its concrete sense, consists in the ability to choose.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Reason and free inquiry are the only effectual agents against error.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Go to your bosom: Knock there and ask your heart what it doth know.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	And when the world is created, it is created in such a way that those eternal objects of God's loving wisdom become actualities - interacting with one another, relating to God in the finite realm.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ethics change with technology.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	His lack of education is more than compensated for by his keenly developed moral bankruptcy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To know oneself is to study oneself in action with another person.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are people who have money and people who are rich.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Problems are only opportunities with thorns on them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	By accepting yourself and being fully what you are, your presence can make others happy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The two most powerful warriors are patience and time.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: my strength lies solely in my tenacity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremist pleasure in life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Peace begins with a smile.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do not turn back when you are just at the goal.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are no failures. Just experiences and your reactions to them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is a learning experience, only if you learn.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The most certain sign of wisdom is cheerfulness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nine-tenths of wisdom is being wise in time.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Through perseverance many people win success out of what seemed destined to be certain failure.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Silence is the true friend that never betrays.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	More often than not, anger is actually an indication of weakness rather than of strength.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is movement-we breathe, we eat, we walk, we move!
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The free man is he who does not fear to go to the end of his thought.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When in doubt, tell the truth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Imagination is not a talent of some men but is the health of every man.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is no way to prosperity, prosperity is the way.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can't choose up sides on a round world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Much wisdom often goes with fewest words.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom begins at the end.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A friend is a gift you give yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The differences between friends cannot but reinforce their friendship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love is rarer than genius itself. And friendship is rarer than love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is like money, easier made than kept.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ignorance never settles a question.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Set your goals high, and don't stop till you get there.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Those who will play with cats must expect to be scratched.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ability will never catch up with the demand for it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The world is but a canvas to the imagination.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We can only learn to love by loving.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning, and which permeates all heaven.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who knows, does not speak. He who speaks, does not know.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you cannot do great things, do small things in a great way.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Let your hook always be cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Either I will find a way, or I will make one.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest way to live with honor in this world is to be what we pretend to be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our intention creates our reality.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are three faithful friends - an old wife, an old dog, and ready money.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Any sufficiently advanced technology is equivalent to magic.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No man is free who is not master of himself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If I know what love is, it is because of you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I have done my best: that is about all the philosophy of living one needs.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Every problem has a gift for you in its hands.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try Again. Fail again. Fail better.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Where there is charity and wisdom, there is neither fear nor ignorance.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is impossible to love and to be wise.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When the world is so complicated, the simple gift of friendship is within all of our hands.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be slow of tongue and quick of eye.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society - more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It has never been my object to record my dreams, just to realize them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Time is the wisest counsellor of all.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Silence at the proper season is wisdom, and better than any speech.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is always an overmatch for strength.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I will give you a definition of a proud man: he is a man who has neither vanity nor wisdom one filled with hatreds cannot be vain, neither can he be wise.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom consists of the anticipation of consequences.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Value your friendship. Value your relationships.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Imagination will often carry us to worlds that never were. But without it we go nowhere.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you focus on results, you will never change. If you focus on change, you will get results.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Accept the things to which fate binds you and love the people with whom fate brings you together but do so with all your heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The secret of getting ahead is getting started.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The truest wisdom is a resolute determination.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Imagination rules the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never deny a diagnosis but do deny the negative verdict that may go with it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I know not age, nor weariness nor defeat.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We are wiser than we know.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Start with what is right rather than what is acceptable.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The essence of true friendship is to make allowance for another's little lapses.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A friend in power is a friend lost.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I can't listen to that much Wagner. I start getting the urge to conquer Poland.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is better to understand a little than to misunderstand a lot.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All know the way; few actually walk it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I am not bothered by the fact that I am unknown. I am bothered when I do not know others.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If the shoe doesn't fit, must we change the foot?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves... there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Freedom is not worth having if it does not connote freedom to err.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Think how hard physics would be if particles could think.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All action results from thought, so it is thoughts that matter.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom begins in wonder.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	An invasion of armies can be resisted, but not an idea whose time has come.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Maxim for life: You get treated in life the way you teach people to treat you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Speak low, if you speak love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes I am happy and sometimes not. I am, after all, a human being, you know. And I am glad that we are sometimes happy and sometimes not. You get your wisdom working by having different emotions.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The higher we are placed, the more humbly we should walk.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you lose today, win tomorrow. In this never-ending spirit of challenge is the heart of a victor.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Where there is love there is life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Kindness is the language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To get the full value of joy you must have someone to divide it with.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Action is the foundational key to all success.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Truth, and goodness, and beauty are but different faces of the same all.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When we are no longer able to change a situation - we are challenged to change ourselves.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The sum of wisdom is that time is never lost that is devoted to work.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you only have a hammer, you tend to see every problem as a nail.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friends... they cherish one another's hopes. They are kind to one another's dreams.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love is flower like; Friendship is like a sheltering tree.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Forgiveness is that subtle thread that binds both love and friendship. Without forgiveness, you may not even have a child one day.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is the marriage of the soul, and this marriage is liable to divorce.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is an arrangement by which we undertake to exchange small favors for big ones.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I know but one freedom and that is the freedom of the mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The man who trusts men will make fewer mistakes than he who distrusts them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Beware of missing chances; otherwise it may be altogether too late someday.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be the chief but never the lord.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To see things in the seed, that is genius.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is nothing happens to any person but what was in his power to go through with.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can do it if you believe you can!
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ask yourself the secret of your success. Listen to your answer and practice it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be as you wish to seem.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Smile, breathe and go slowly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Successful people ask better questions, and as a result, they get better answers.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Step with care and great tact and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our shared values define us more than our differences. And acknowledging those shared values can see us through our challenges today if we have the wisdom to trust in them again.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The lure of the distant and the difficult is deceptive. The great opportunity is where you are.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All wisdom does not reside in Delhi.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Technology is teaching us to be human again.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Two of man's basic needs are to love and to share. Both of these needs are satisfied in greater or lesser degree by friendship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Important principles may, and must, be inflexible.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Criticism is something you can easily avoid by saying nothing, doing nothing, and being nothing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Those who are free of resentful thoughts surely find peace.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Meditation brings wisdom, lack of meditation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what holds you back and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Error is discipline through which we advance.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is no retirement for an artist, it's your way of living so there is no end to it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Fortune befriends the bold.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Opportunity often comes disguised in the form of misfortune, or temporary defeat.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Self-trust is the first secret of success.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In order to win, you must expect to win.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Listen to what you know instead of what you fear.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is no way to happiness, happiness is the way.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Success is not final; failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Most of our pocket wisdom is conceived for the use of mediocre people, to discourage them from ambitious attempts, and generally console them in their mediocrity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I destroy my enemies when I make them my friends.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All phenomena are preceded by the mind, created by the mind, and have the mind as their master.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do I speak at the right time, or not? Do I speak of facts, or not? Do I speak gently or harshly? Do I speak profitable words or not? Do I speak with a kindly heart, or inwardly malicious?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The more you know yourself, the more you forgive yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The superior man is modest in his speech but exceeds in his actions.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	People may doubt what you say, but they will believe what you do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Stay away from what might have been and look at what will be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Learning is finding out what you already know.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Much wisdom often goes with fewer words.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you find yourself in a hole, the first thing to do is stop digging.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can observe a lot just by watching.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I can, therefore I am.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Pure, holy simplicity confounds all the wisdom of this world and the wisdom of the flesh.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The ultimate promise of technology is to make us master of a world that we command by the push of a button.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship always benefits; love sometimes injures.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	How is it possible to find meaning in a finite world, given my waist and shirt size?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Truth is generally the best vindication against slander.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No one has ever become poor by giving.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Reviewing what you have learned and learning anew, you are fit to be a teacher.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You cannot step twice into the same river, for other waters are continually flowing in.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Things turn out best for those who make the best of the way things turn out.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Everything that happens as it should, and if you observe carefully, you will find this to be so.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A thing long expected takes the form of the unexpected when at last it comes.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Better be ignorant of a matter than half know it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our lives are a sum total of the choices we have made.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Spectacular achievement is always preceded by unspectacular preparation.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Read as you taste fruit or savor wine, or enjoy friendship, love or life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Heedfulness is the path to the Deathless. Heedlessness is the path to death. The heedful die not. The heedless are as if already dead.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To study and not think is a waste. To think and not study is dangerous.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The only person who never makes mistakes is the person who never does anything.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make one.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is what you make of it. Always has been, always will be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you can dream it, you can do it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To be happy is to be able to become aware of oneself without fright.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ideals are an imaginative understanding of that which is desirable in that which is possible.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You are important enough to ask and you are blessed enough to receive back.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is not one big cosmic meaning for all, there is only the meaning we each give to our life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The key to growth is the introduction of higher dimensions of consciousness into our awareness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that, so it goes on flying anyway.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high, and we miss it, but that it is too low, and we reach it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness is the reward we get for living to the highest right we know.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is the supreme part of happiness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so too.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I cannot always control what goes on outside. But I can always control what goes on inside.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom cannot come by railroad or automobile or airplane or be hurried up by telegraph or telephone.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Know what's important and what isn't. Have the wisdom to know the right thing to do, the integrity to do it, the character to stand up to those who don't, and the courage to stop those who won't.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The secret of success is constancy to purpose.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Genuine love should first be directed at oneself; if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness mainly comes from our own attitude, rather than from external factors.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I believe that we are solely responsible for our choices, and we have to accept the consequences of every deed, word, and thought throughout our lifetime.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Make the best use of what is in your power and take the rest as it happens.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I am a man of fixed and unbending principles, the first of which is to be flexible at all times.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you must tell me your opinions, tell me what you believe in. I have plenty of doubts of my own.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The cause is hidden. The effect is visible to all.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest obstacle to connecting with our joy is resentment.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I never worry about action, but only inaction.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You are the only person on earth who can use your ability.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	By three methods we may learn wisdom: First, by reflection, which is noblest; Second, by imitation, which is easiest; and third by experience, which is the bitterest.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you have one true friend, you have more than your share.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are no strangers here; Only friends you haven't yet met.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A friend may well be reckoned the masterpiece of nature.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I don't want to achieve immortality through my work... I want to achieve it through not dying.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who angers you conquers you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that one's life has meaning, that one is needed in this world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Almost everything comes from nothing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In the end we retain from our studies only that which we practically apply.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Always tell the truth. That way, you don't have to remember what you said.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Whoever is happy will make others happy, too.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do not wait for leaders; do it alone, person to person.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When your desires are strong enough you will appear to possess superhuman powers to achieve.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till someone dash it from them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom comes alone through suffering.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is oftentimes nearer when we stoop than when we soar.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All this worldly wisdom was once the unamiable heresy of some wise man.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nothing but heaven itself is better than a friend who is really a friend.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is not fair to ask of others what you are unwilling to do yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The truest greatness lies in being kind, the truest wisdom in a happy mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Mountains cannot be surmounted except by winding paths.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To lead people walk behind them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is the quality of our work which will please God, not the quantity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All great achievements require time.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No alibi will save you from accepting the responsibility.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are no limitations to the mind except those we acknowledge.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All things change; nothing perishes.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Build a better mousetrap and the world will beat a path to your door.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The superior man blames himself. The inferior man blames others.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The smallest deed is better than the greatest intention.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We must not say every mistake is a foolish one.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The superior man is satisfied and composed; the mean man is always full of distress.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox
quotable	wisdom	general	0	From wonder into wonder existence opens.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have not yet been discovered.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	They can conquer who believe they can.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Go for it now. The future is promised to no one.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Difficulties are meant to rouse, not discourage. The human spirit is to grow strong by conflict.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	None knows the weight of another's burden.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To keep your secret is wisdom; but to expect others to keep it is folly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The personal life deeply lived always expands into truths beyond itself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to a better understanding of ourselves.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do one thing every day that scares you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One that desires to excel should endeavor in those things that are in themselves most excellent.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A really great talent finds its happiness in execution.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Joy is what happens to us when we allow ourselves to recognize how good things really are.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Time is the most valuable thing a man can spend.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Where all think alike, no one thinks very much.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I think and that is all that I am.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To change one's life, start immediately, do it flamboyantly, no exceptions.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Quality is not an act; it is a habit.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The young man knows the rules, but the old man knows the exceptions.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All this modern technology just makes people try to do everything at once.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Your friend is your needs answered.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Eighty percent of success is showing up.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Obstacles are those things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The future is completely open, and we are writing it moment to moment.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never promise more than you can perform.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Appearances are often deceiving.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I think that novels that leave out technology misrepresent life as badly as Victorians misrepresented life by leaving out sex.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Technology presumes there's just one right way to do things and there never is.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship, like the immortality of the soul, is too good to be believed.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All I required to be happy was friendship and people I could admire.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who hath many friends hath none.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To avoid criticism, do nothing, say nothing, be nothing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A fine quotation is a diamond on the finger of a man of wit, and a pebble in the hand of a fool.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest minds are capable of the greatest vices as well as of the greatest virtues.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Formula for success: under promise and over deliver.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It's better to be a lion for a day than a sheep all your life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never reach out your hand unless you're willing to extend an arm.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Technology frightens me to death. It's designed by engineers to impress other engineers. And they always come with instruction booklets that are written by engineers for other engineers - which is why almost no technology ever works.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Technology... is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Even an animal, if you show genuine affection, gradually trust develops... If you always showing bad face and beating, how can you develop friendship?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What sweetness is left in life, if you take away friendship? Robbing life of friendship is like robbing the world of the sun. A true friend is more to be esteemed than kinsfolk.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To be tested is good. The challenged life may be the best therapist.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The awareness of our own strength makes us modest.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is found only in truth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I prefer the folly of enthusiasm to the indifference of wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you do not express your own original ideas, if you do not listen to your own being, you will have betrayed yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We don't stop playing because we grow old; we grow old because we stop playing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A man is great by deeds, not by birth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Whenever something negative happens to you, there is a deep lesson concealed within it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you doubt your power, you give power to your doubt.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The noblest worship is to make yourself as good and as just as you can.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is through science that we prove, but through intuition that we discover.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be like the flower, turn your face to the sun.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Anticipate the difficult by managing the easy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who fears being conquered is sure of defeat.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A rolling stone gathers no moss.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I gave my life to become the person I am right now. Was it worth it?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Imagination is the living power and prime agent of all human perception.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A friend to all is a friend to none.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness depends upon ourselves.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There never was a good knife made of bad steel.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't sacrifice your own welfare for that of another, no matter how great. Realizing your own true welfare, be intent on just that.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Small opportunities are often the beginning of great enterprises.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The poor man is not he who is without a cent, but he who is without a dream.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Character develops itself in the stream of life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The person born with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Kindness is the golden chain by which society is bound together.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A goal without a plan is just a wish.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Learning never exhausts the mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You need chaos in your soul to give birth to a dancing star.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To be great is to be misunderstood.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If one does not know to which port is sailing, no wind is favorable.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!'
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Once you label me you negate me.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We gain the strength of the temptation we resist.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	God always takes the simplest way.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I want you to be everything that's you, deep at the center of your being.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you seek truth, you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We aim above the mark to hit the mark.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Patience is the companion of wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A short saying often contains much wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The more man meditates upon good thoughts, the better will be his world and the world at large.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Think big thoughts but relish small pleasures.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All human wisdom is summed up in two words; wait and hope.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Cunning... is but the low mimic of wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I have learned that friendship isn't about who you've known the longest, it's about who came and never left your side.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A friend is what the heart needs all the time.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Let us sacrifice our today so that our children can have a better tomorrow.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Take things as they are. Punch when you have to punch. Kick when you have to kick.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I, too, do not envision a doctrine of self the clinging to which there would not arise sorrow, lamentation, pain, grief, and despair.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darkness of other people.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Know, first, who you are, and then adorn yourself accordingly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The world turns aside to let any man pass who knows where he is going.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I cannot make my days longer, so I strive to make them better.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our doubts are traitors and make us lose the good we often might win, by fearing to attempt.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you realize there is nothing lacking, the whole world belongs to you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To enjoy life, we must touch much of it lightly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The way you see people is the way you treat them, and the way you treat them is what they become.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ignorant men raise questions that wise men answered a thousand years ago.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I don't turn to greeting cards for wisdom and advice, but they are a fine reflection of the general drift of the culture.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Irony is the gaiety of reflection and the joy of wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love demands infinitely less than friendship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Laughter is not at all a bad beginning for a friendship, and it is far the best ending for one.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship multiplies the good of life and divides the evil.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Keep silence for the most part, and speak only when you must, and then briefly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you aren't going all the way, why go at all?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Faith in oneself is the best and safest course.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If the stars should appear but one night every thousand years how man would marvel and adore.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is braver five minutes longer.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge is knowing that a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is knowing not to put it in a fruit salad.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The final wisdom of life requires not the annulment of incongruity but the achievement of serenity within and above it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Swim upstream. Go the other way. Ignore the conventional wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
quotable	wisdom	edgy	1	Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Silence is deep as Eternity; Speech is shallow as Time.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Reality leaves a lot to the imagination.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Trust your hunches. They're usually based on facts filed away just below the conscious level.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A garden is always a series of losses set against a few triumphs, like life itself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We may encounter many defeats, but we must not be defeated.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	They can do all because they think they can.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The pine stays green in winter... wisdom in hardship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	This is why I loved technology: if you used it right, it could give you power and privacy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In romance, we feel the need to zoom in and expound on our partner's foibles in intimate detail; in friendship, we tend to do the opposite, avoiding confrontation through fear, lethargy or both.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship brings in a lot of honesty and trust into any relationship, especially a marriage.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendships are the family we make - not the one we inherit. I've always been someone to whom friendship, elective affinities, is as important as family.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A house divided against itself cannot stand.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No person is your friend who demands your silence or denies your right to grow.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You should ignore that person's impure behavior by way of speech and body, and focus on the fact that they get an openness and clarity of heart from time to time. That's how to get rid of resentment for that person.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Learning without reflection is a waste, reflection without learning is dangerous.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, but they also undermine our health.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Accept challenges, so that you may feel the exhilaration of victory.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never idealize others. They will never live up to your expectations.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You're never a loser until you quit trying.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Every time you smile at someone, it is an action of love, a gift to that person, a beautiful thing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You give before you get.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	And as we let our own light shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In order to live free and happily you must sacrifice boredom. It is not always an easy sacrifice.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No man was ever wise by chance.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Real magic in relationships means an absence of judgement of others.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Honesty is the best policy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship - never.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Impossibilities are merely things which we have not yet learned.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Fame usually comes to those who are thinking about something else.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You cannot have what you do not want.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be the change that you want to see in the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nature takes away any faculty that is not used.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The word philosophy sounds high-minded, but it simply means the love of wisdom. If you love something, you don't just read about it; you hug it, you mess with it, you play with it, you argue with it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	TV and the Internet are good because they keep stupid people from spending too much time out in public.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is nothing impossible to him who will try.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In all things of nature there is something of the marvelous.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you spend too much time thinking about a thing, you'll never get it done.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Absence makes the heart grow fonder.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Quality means doing it right when no one is looking.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I have always thought the actions of men the best interpreters of their thoughts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who has imagination without learning has wings but no feet.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Each misfortune you encounter will carry in it the seed of tomorrows good luck.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Follow your instincts. That is where true wisdom manifests itself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Skill to do comes of doing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You'll see it when you believe it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Adversity causes some men to break, others to break records.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I'd rather regret the things I've done than regret the things I haven't done.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We are stuck with technology when what we really want is just stuff that works.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Technology is the campfire around which we tell our stories.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I'll prepare and someday my chance will come.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Trust your own instinct. Your mistakes might as well be your own, instead of someone else's.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Once you choose hope, anything's possible.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It's important to know that words don't move mountains. Work, exacting work moves mountains.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Your big opportunity may be right where you are now.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Only do what your heart tells you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is with words as with sunbeams. The more they are condensed, the deeper they burn.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Most powerful is he who has himself in his own power.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We must never forget that it is through our actions, words, and thoughts that we have a choice.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	How far that little candle throws its beams! So shines a good deed in a naughty world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	O, what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive!
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In life, all good things come hard, but wisdom is the hardest to come by.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is the nature of the wise to resist pleasures, but the foolish to be a slave to them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The great myth of our times is that technology is communication.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship without self-interest is one of the rare and beautiful things of life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Mediocrity knows nothing higher than itself, but talent instantly recognizes genius.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Watch the little things; a small leak will sink a great ship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The winner ain't the one with the fastest car it's the one who refuses to lose.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Arriving at one point is the starting point to another.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you would take, you must first give, this is the beginning of intelligence.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't believe what your eyes are telling you. All they show is limitation. Look with your understanding, find out what you already know, and you'll see the way to fly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The mind unlearns with difficulty what it has long learned.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Begin at once to live and count each separate day as a separate life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Get busy living or get busy dying.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Believe you can and you're halfway there.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I'm a great believer in luck and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove oneself a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Let my skin and sinews and bones dry up, together with all the flesh and blood of my body! I welcome it! But I will not move from this spot until I have attained the supreme and final wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A poem begins in delight and ends in wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The final proof of greatness lies in being able to endure criticism without resentment.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Whoso loves, believes the impossible.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Work while you have the light. You are responsible for the talent that has been entrusted to you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We lost because we told ourselves we lost.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I allow my intuition to lead my path.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The truth of the matter is that you always know the right thing to do. The hard part is doing it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you want your life to be more rewarding, you have to change the way you think.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Everything you can imagine is real.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	While we stop to think, we often miss our opportunity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The only way to have a friend is to be one.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To dare is to lose ones footing momentarily. To not dare is to lose oneself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never put off till tomorrow what you can do today.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You always succeed in producing a result.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is not wisdom but Authority that makes a law.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No party has a monopoly on wisdom. No democracy works without compromise.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom has never made a bigot, but learning has.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII - and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The best thing about the future is that it only comes one day at a time.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Well begun is half done.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No yesterdays are ever wasted for those who give themselves to today.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The less effort, the faster and more powerful you will be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	By oneself is evil done; by oneself is one defiled. By oneself is evil left undone; by oneself is one made pure.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Much though he recites the sacred texts, but acts not accordingly, that heedless man is like a cowherd who only counts the cows of others
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Gratitude is riches. Complaint is poverty.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Before you put on a frown, make absolutely sure there are no smiles available.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Difficulties increase the nearer we get to the goal.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	So is cheerfulness, or a good temper, the more it is spent, the more remains.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We should not give up and we should not allow the problem to defeat us.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The opportunity for brotherhood presents itself every time you meet a human being.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A ruffled mind makes a restless pillow.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never accept ultimatums, conventional wisdom, or absolutes.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A man cannot be said to succeed in this life who does not satisfy one friend.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Of course there is no formula for success except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The heart has its reasons which reason knows not of.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do not scorn what you have received, nor envy the gains of others. He who envies others does not obtain peace of mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	On every thorn, delightful wisdom grows, in every rill a sweet instruction flows.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Either you run the day or the day runs you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Not what we have but what we enjoy constitutes our abundance.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Dreams come true. Without that possibility, nature would not incite us to have them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	As an organizer I start from where the world is, as it is, not as I would like it to be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No garden is without its weeds.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is like a sewer. What you get out of it depends on what you put into it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The more you like yourself, the less you are like anyone else, which makes you unique.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The most I can do for my friend is simply be his friend.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love and friendship exclude each other.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Trust only movement. Life happens at the level of events, not of words. Trust movement.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I have never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who knows himself is enlightened.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The years teach much which the days never know.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is a progress, and not a station.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Everything in the universe goes by indirection. There are no straight lines.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong gives it a superficial appearance of being right.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Change in all things is sweet.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We are all something, but none of us are everything.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You cannot find yourself by going into the past. You can find yourself by coming into the present.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love doesn't make the world go round; love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	So long as a person is capable of self-renewal they are a living being.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The most successful people are those who are good at plan B.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We can do no great things, only small things with great love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Allow the world to live as it chooses, and allow yourself to live as you choose.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	May our hearts garden of awakening bloom with hundreds of flowers.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Whatever happens, take responsibility.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	True wisdom is less presuming than folly. The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind; the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not; he knoweth all things but his own ignorance.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Business, you know, may bring you money, but friendship hardly ever does.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The world is round so that friendship may encircle it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In the sky there are no tracks. Outside there is no recluse. There are no conditioned things that are eternal. There is no instability in the Buddhas.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is not so important to know everything as to appreciate what we learn.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Loss is nothing else but change, and change is Nature's delight.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest part of our happiness depends on our dispositions, not our circumstances.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Good actions give strength to ourselves and inspire good actions in others.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nature is a mutable cloud which is always and never the same.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A man must be big enough to admit his mistakes, smart enough to profit from them, and strong enough to correct them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The problem with Google is you have 360 degrees of omnidirectional information on a linear basis, but the algorithms for irony and ambiguity are not there. And those are the algorithms of wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Of all possessions a friend is the most precious.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is the source of the greatest pleasures, and without friends even the most agreeable pursuits become tedious.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never do things others can do and will do, if there are things others cannot do or will not do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One today is worth two tomorrows.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Gratitude is not only the greatest of virtues, but the parent of all the others.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I believe that we are fundamentally the same and have the same basic potential.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A man is not old as long as he is seeking something.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I'm not interested in age. People who tell me their age are silly. You're as old as you feel.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is on our failures that we base a new and different and better success.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't settle for a relationship that won't let you be yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The only thing to do with good advice is to pass it on. It is never of any use to oneself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The best way out is always through.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If we did the things we are capable of, we would astound ourselves.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you surrender to the wind, you can ride it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It always seems impossible until it's done.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All things must come to the soul from its roots, from where it is planted.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He is no fool who gives what he cannot keep to gain what he cannot lose.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	America's freedom of religion, and freedom from religion, offers every wisdom tradition an opportunity to address our soul-deep needs: Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, secular humanism, agnosticism and atheism among others.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I love wisdom. And you can never be great at anything unless you love it. Not be in love with it, but love the thing, admire the thing. And it seems that if you love the thing, and you don't just want to possess it, it will find you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Technology has to be invented or adopted.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, can never know what true friendship means.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sustaining true friendship is a lot more challenging than we give it credit for.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship needs no words - it is solitude delivered from the anguish of loneliness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One of the advantages of being disorderly is that one is constantly making exciting discoveries.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who wishes to secure the good of others, has already secured his own.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I'd rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not done.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do not follow where the path may lead. Go, instead, where there is no path and leave a trail.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You cannot be lonely if you like the person you're alone with.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	God has given you one face, and you make yourself another.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The human spirit must prevail over technology.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friends are the siblings God never gave us.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You win the victory when you yield to friends.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is Love without his wings!
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We make our own fortunes and we call them fate.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The cautious seldom err.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one. But that is the best of all.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A failure is a man who has blundered but is not capable of cashing in on the experience.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never mistake motion for action.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If there is no struggle, there is no progress.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is what happens while you are making other plans.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One who is too insistent on his own views, finds few to agree with him.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you don't know where you are going, you will probably end up somewhere else.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is not enough to have a good mind; the main thing is to use it well.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Failure doesn't mean you are a failure it just means you haven't succeeded yet.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Stay committed to your decisions, but stay flexible in your approach.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What makes Superman a hero is not that he has power, but that he has the wisdom and the maturity to use the power wisely. From an acting point of view, that's how I approached the part.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Technology is a word that describes something that doesn't work yet.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Science and technology revolutionize our lives, but memory, tradition and myth frame our response.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The heart has eyes which the brain knows nothing of.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We have committed the Golden Rule to memory; let us now commit it to life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavors to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	As we are liberated from our own fear, our presence automatically liberates others.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I have often regretted my speech, never my silence.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is the neglect of timely repair that makes rebuilding necessary.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you want to go east, don't go west.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ignorance and bungling with love are better than wisdom and skill without.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Computers are like bikinis. They save people a lot of guesswork.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Every friendship is different because everyone's personality is different.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One may say the eternal mystery of the world is its comprehensibility.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I'm not in this world to live up to your expectations and you're not in this world to live up to mine.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is no failure except in no longer trying.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is no greater harm than that of time wasted.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ideas are the beginning points of all fortunes.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If facts are the seeds that later produce knowledge and wisdom, then the emotions and the impressions of the senses are the fertile soil in which the seeds must grow.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Excellence is not a skill. It is an attitude.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes it is better to lose and do the right thing than to win and do the wrong thing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Not engaging in ignorance is wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom has its root in goodness, not goodness its root in wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A quarrel between friends, when made up, adds a new tie to friendship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Yesterday's home runs don't win today's games.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Study the past, if you would divine the future.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	With the realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is fatal to enter any war without the will to win it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't smother each other. No one can grow in the shade.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	That's the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Courage is not the absence of fear, but simply moving on with dignity despite that fear.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love is a serious mental disease.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our distrust is very expensive.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To bring anything into your life, imagine that it's already there.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We live in a society bloated with data yet starved for wisdom. We're connected 24/7, yet anxiety, fear, depression and loneliness are at an all-time high. We must course-correct.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The day of fortune is like a harvest day, we must be busy when the corn is ripe.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The invariable mark of wisdom is to see the miraculous in the common.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who is taught to live upon little owes more to his father's wisdom than he who has a great deal left him does to his father's care.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The friendship that can cease has never been real.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Character is like a tree and reputation like a shadow. The shadow is what we think of it; the tree is the real thing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One should not hurt others if one loves oneself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Drop by drop is the water pot filled. Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness resides not in possessions, and not in gold, happiness dwells in the soul.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What worries you masters you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We must embrace pain and burn it as fuel for our journey.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The beginning is always today.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can totally transform one million realities.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When an opponent comes forward, move in and greet him; if he wants to pull back, send him on his way.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A friend is, as it were, a second self.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In the middle of every difficulty lies opportunity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A man who doesn't trust himself can never really trust anyone else.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be here now. Be someplace else later. Is that so complicated?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You must welcome change as the rule but not as your ruler.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Men are disturbed not by things, but by the view which they take of them.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Just trust yourself, then you will know how to live.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nothing will work unless you do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Fears are nothing more than a state of mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Thought is the blossom; language the bud; action the fruit behind it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In wisdom gathered over time I have found that every experience is a form of exploration.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Mistakes are the usual bridge between inexperience and wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our character is what we do when we think no one is looking.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship is a very taxing and arduous form of leisure activity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can't blame gravity for falling in love.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friends are those rare people who ask how we are and then wait to hear the answer.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can stand tall without standing on someone. You can be a victor without having victims.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who controls others may be powerful, but he who has mastered himself is mightier still.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Truth is powerful and it prevails.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't talk about what you have done or what you are going to do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The things that one most wants to do are the things that are probably most worth doing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	With age comes wisdom and a high sex drive. And the wisdom to enjoy it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Make it your habit not to be critical about small things.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Silence is the sleep that nourishes wisdom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When a thing is done, it's done. Don't look back. Look forward to your next objective.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Two persons cannot long be friends if they cannot forgive each other's little failings.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship, like credit, is highest when it is not used.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Friendship increases in visiting friends, but in visiting them seldom.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The biggest room in the world is room for improvement.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There's power in looking silly and not caring that you do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Whether you think you can or you think you can't, you are right.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you're going through hell, keep going.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I am fond of pigs. Dogs look up to us. Cats look down on us. Pigs treat us as equals.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can always count on Americans to do the right thing - after they've tried everything else.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	History is written by the victors.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you can see.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is no use saying, 'We are doing our best.' You have got to succeed in doing what is necessary.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Russia is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If we open a quarrel between past and present, we shall find that we have lost the future.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In wartime, truth is so precious that she should always be attended by a bodyguard of lies.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We are masters of the unsaid words, but slaves of those we let slip out.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Nothing in life is so exhilarating as to be shot at without result.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the Earth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Most folks are as happy as they make up their minds to be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The ballot is stronger than the bullet.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	How many legs does a dog have if you call his tail a leg? Four. Saying that a tail is a leg doesn't make it a leg.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Always bear in mind that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I have always found that mercy bears richer fruits than strict justice.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When I do good I feel good, when I do bad I feel bad, and that's my religion.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It has been my experience that folks who have no vices have very few virtues.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The ego is nothing other than the focus of conscious attention.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Things are as they are. Looking out into it the universe at night, we make no comparisons between right and wrong stars, nor between well and badly arranged constellations.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You are that vast thing that you see far, far off with great telescopes.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I owe my solitude to other people.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Unless one is able to live fully in the present, the future is a hoax.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	So then, the relationship of self to other is the complete realization that loving yourself is impossible without loving everything defined as other than yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Many men go fishing all of their lives without knowing that it is not fish they are after.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Winners never quit and quitters never win.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Success is where preparation and opportunity meet.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can't win unless you learn how to lose.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Some people are born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You can't put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It's just a job. Grass grows, birds fly, waves pound the sand. I beat people up.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Half the lies they tell about me aren't true.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To find a man's true character, play golf with him.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Just be patient. Let the game come to you. Don't rush. Be quick, but don't hurry.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Champions keep playing until they get it right.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Sports do not build character. They reveal it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Finding good players is easy. Getting them to play as a team is another story.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Fans don't boo nobodies.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, money, money. I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, and wear Reebok.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To me, it doesn't matter how good you are. Sport is all about playing and competing. Whatever you do in cricket and in sport, enjoy it, be positive and try to win.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than a hundred teaching it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	My motto was always to keep swinging. Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The only way to prove that you're a good sport is to lose.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Pitching is the art of instilling fear.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Life is about timing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Football is football and talent is talent. But the mindset of your team makes all the difference.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If a man watches three football games in a row, he should be declared legally dead.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Trying to sneak a fastball past Hank Aaron is like trying to sneak the sunrise past a rooster.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do you know what my favorite part of the game is? The opportunity to play.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You don't play against opponents, you play against the game of basketball.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquillity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What other people may find in poetry or art museums, I find in the flight of a good drive.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When I was 40, my doctor advised me that a man in his 40s shouldn't play tennis. I heeded his advice carefully and could hardly wait until I reached 50 to start again.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The fewer rules a coach has, the fewer rules there are for players to break.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you're trying to create a company, it's like baking a cake. You have to have all the ingredients in the right proportion.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The gambling known as business looks with austere disfavor upon the business known as gambling.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Happiness does not come from doing easy work but from the afterglow of satisfaction that comes after the achievement of a difficult task that demanded our best.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I hope we shall crush in its birth the aristocracy of our monied corporations which dare already to challenge our government to a trial by strength, and bid defiance to the laws of our country.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A business that makes nothing but money is a poor business.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you want to kill any idea in the world, get a committee working on it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	First-rate people hire first-rate people; second-rate people hire third-rate people.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Everyone has an invisible sign hanging from their neck saying, 'Make me feel important.' Never forget this message when working with people.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When times are bad is when the real entrepreneurs emerge.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To command is to serve, nothing more and nothing less.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Our work is the presentation of our capabilities.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Trust is the lubrication that makes it possible for organizations to work.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favor.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	What you do today can improve all your tomorrows.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you fell down yesterday, stand up today.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed next week.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Aim for the moon. If you miss, you may hit a star.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never complain and never explain.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Things do not happen. Things are made to happen.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The most effective way to do it, is to do it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You just can't beat the person who never gives up.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	'As I am, so are they; as they are, so am I.' Comparing others with oneself, do not kill nor cause others to kill.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A disciplined mind brings happiness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A noble one produces an abundance of merit by having a compassionate mind towards all living beings.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A wise person should be urgently moved on occasions that make for urgency.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All experiences are preceded by mind, having mind as their master, created by mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ardently do today what must be done. Who knows? Tomorrow, death comes.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Conquer anger with non-anger. Conquer badness with goodness. Conquer meanness with generosity. Conquer dishonesty with truth.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Delight in heedfulness! Guard well your thoughts!
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Give, even if you only have a little.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I do not dispute with the world; rather it is the world that disputes with me.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If with a pure mind a person speaks or acts, happiness follows them like a never-departing shadow.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is in the nature of things that joy arises in a person free from remorse.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Just as a mother would protect her only child with her life, even so let one cultivate a boundless love towards all beings.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Meditate ... do not delay, lest you later regret it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One should train in deeds of merit - generosity, a balanced life, developing a loving mind - that yield long-lasting happiness.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Purity and impurity depend on oneself; no one can purify another.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Radiate boundless love towards the entire world...
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Should a seeker not find a companion who is better or equal, let them resolutely pursue a solitary course.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Should you find a wise critic to point out your faults, follow him as you would a guide to hidden treasure.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Speak only endearing speech, speech that is welcomed. Speech, when it brings no evil to others, is a pleasant thing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is no fear for one whose mind is not filled with desires.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To support mother and father, to cherish partner and children, and to be engaged in peaceful occupation - this is the greatest blessing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Whatever has the nature of arising has the nature of ceasing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Whatever is not yours: let go of it. Your letting go of it will be for your long-term happiness & benefit.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Better than a thousand useless words is one useful word, upon hearing which one attains peace.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It's a good thing to be satisfied with what one has.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Let none find fault with others; let none see the omissions and commissions of others. But let one see one's own acts, done and undone.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Should someone do good, let them do it again and again. They should develop this habit, for the accumulation of goodness brings joy.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The thing that is disliked by me is also disliked by others. Since I dislike this thing, how can I inflict it on someone else?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	'All conditioned things are impermanent' - when one sees this with wisdom, one turns away from suffering.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	'As I am, so are these. As are these, so am I.' Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	A mind unruffled by the vagaries of fortune, from sorrow freed, from defilements cleansed, from fear liberated - this is the greatest blessing.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	All tremble at violence; all fear death. Putting oneself in the place of another, one should not kill nor cause another to kill.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	As a water bead on a lotus leaf, as water on a red lily, does not adhere, so the sage does not adhere to the seen, the heard, or the sensed.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	As an elephant in the battlefield withstands arrows shot from bows all around, even so shall I endure abuse.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Both formerly and now, it is only suffering that I describe, and the cessation of suffering.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ceasing to do evil, Cultivating the good, Purifying the heart: This is the teaching of the Buddhas.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world. By non-hatred alone is hatred appeased. This is a law eternal.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	He who can curb his wrath as soon as it arises, as a timely antidote will check snake's venom that so quickly spreads, - such a monk gives up the here and the beyond, just as a serpent sheds its worn-out skin.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If a man going down into a river, swollen and swiftly flowing, is carried away by the current - how can he help others across?
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Irrigators channel waters; fletchers straighten arrows; carpenters bend wood; the wise master themselves.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Just as a solid rock is not shaken by the storm, even so the wise are not affected by praise or blame.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent. Whatever's not full makes noise. Whatever is full is quiet.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	May all beings have happy minds.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	One is not called noble who harms living beings. By not harming living beings one is called noble.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Radiate boundless love towards the entire world - above, below, and across - unhindered, without ill will, without enmity.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Resolutely train yourself to attain peace.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Should a person do good, let him do it again and again. Let him find pleasure therein, for blissful is the accumulation of good.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Some do not understand that we must die, But those who do realize this settle their quarrels.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The calmed say that what is well-spoken is best; second, that one should say what is right, not unrighteous; third, what's pleasing, not displeasing; fourth, what is true, not false.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The root of suffering is attachment.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The world is afflicted by death and decay. But the wise do not grieve, having realized the nature of the world.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation. There is none in the world who is not blamed.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Those who cling to perceptions and views wander the world offending people.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We will develop and cultivate the liberation of mind by lovingkindness, make it our vehicle, make it our basis, stabilize it, exercise ourselves in it, and fully perfect it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	When watching after yourself, you watch after others. When watching after others, you watch after yourself.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Whoever doesn't flare up at someone who's angry wins a battle hard to win.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	You yourself must strive. The Buddhas only point the way.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I don't look to jump over 7-foot bars; I look around for 1-foot bars that I can step over.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I violated the Noah rule: Predicting rain doesn't count; building arks does.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you have a harem of 40 women, you never get to know any of them very well.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It's only when the tide goes out that you discover who's been swimming naked.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Most people get interested in stocks when everyone else is. The time to get interested is when no one else is. You can't buy what is popular and do well.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The only time to buy these is on a day with no 'y' in it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Better be wise by the misfortunes of others than by your own.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Injuries may be forgiven, but not forgotten.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is with our passions, as it is with fire and water, they are good servants but bad masters.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Persuasion is often more effectual than force.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The smaller the mind the greater the conceit.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Be content with your lot; one cannot be first in everything.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Beware lest you lose the substance by grasping at the shadow.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Ethical axioms are found and tested not very differently from the axioms of science. Truth is what stands the test of experience.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life are based on the labors of other men, living and dead, and that I must exert myself in order to give in the same measure as I have received and am still receiving.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I never teach my pupils. I only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Imagination is more important than knowledge...
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Laws alone can not secure freedom of expression; in order that every man present his views without penalty there must be spirit of tolerance in the entire population.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Perfection of means and confusion of ends seems to characterize our age.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been Kindness, Beauty, and Truth. The trite subjects of human efforts, possessions, outward success, luxury have always seemed to me contemptible.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I do not know the American gentleman, god forgive me for putting two such words together.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Minds, like bodies, will often fall into a pimpled, ill-conditioned state from mere excess of comfort.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Train up a fig tree in the way it should go, and when you are old sit under the shade of it.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We need never be ashamed of our tears.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	As a cure for worrying, work is better than whisky.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Faith, as well intentioned as it may be, must be built on facts, not fiction--faith in fiction is a damnable false hope.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Hell, there are no rules here-- we're trying to accomplish something.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I never did a day's work in my life. It was all fun.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	I never did anything worth doing by accident, nor did any of my inventions come by accident
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If we all did the things we are capable of doing, we would literally astound ourselves.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Results! Why, man, I have gotten a lot of results. I know several thousand things that won't work.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will interest her or his patients in the care of the human frame, in a proper diet, and in the cause and prevention of disease.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	There is no expedient to which a man will not go to avoid the labor of thinking.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	We don't know a millionth of one percent about anything.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	If I find 10,000 ways something won't work, I haven't failed. I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
quotable	wisdom	general	0	Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the bartender say to the jumper cables? You better not try to start anything.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Don't you hate jokes about German sausage? They're the wurst!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two artists had an art contest... It ended in a draw
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What gun do you use to hunt a moose? A moosecut!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If life gives you melons, you might have dyslexia.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Broken pencils... ...are pointless.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one snowman say to the other snowman? 'Do you smell carrots?'
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? It's a really obscure number. You've probably never heard of it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where do sick boats go? The dock!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I like my slaves like I like my coffee: Free.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My girlfriend told me she was leaving me because I keep pretending to be a Transformer... I said, No, wait! I can change!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Old Chinese proverb: Man who not shower in 7 days makes one reek.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the owner of a brownie factory say when his factory caught fire? "I'm getting the fudge outta here!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What form of radiation bakes you cookies? A gramma ray
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Bee jokes, courtesy of my niece (age 8). What did the bee use to dry off after swimming? A *bee*ch towel. What did the bee use to get out the tangles? A honeycomb.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the loudest economic system? CAPITALISM
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I went for a job interview today... The interviewer said to me, What would you say your greatest weakness is? I said, I think Id have to say my listening skills are my greatest strength.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Who was the knight that invented the round table? Sir Cumference. (via friend who got this from a street performance group in the England area of Epcot)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the German air force eat for breakfast during WW2? Luftwaffles
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I the shell off a snail yesterday... you'd think it would move faster, but it was really kinda sluggish.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the number zero say to the number eight? "Nice belt."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's worse than a centipede with sore feet? A giraffe with a sore throat
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's red and bad for your teeth? A brick.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the French chef who committed suicide? He lost the huile d'olive
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Wanna hear a joke about unemployed people? Nevermind, they don't work.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock Knock Who's there Boo!! Boo who? Don't cry, it's only a joke
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How much did the skeleton charge for his excellent legal services? An arm and a leg.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do gorillas have such big nostrils? Cos they got big fingers.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is the difference between a Siberian husky and an Alaskan husky? About 1500 miles.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do vegan zombies eat? GRAAAIIINSSS!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between a Thai man and a Thai woman? Pls help.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a car that eats other cars? A carnivore.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants In case he gets a hole in one
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	An Olympic gymnast walked into a bar... She didnt get a medal...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a mexican magician make for breakfast? Toast-tah-dahs!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't Bond villains feel cold in the winter? Because they dress in lairs.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the figurine say when the boot flew past her protective dome? "That was a cloche call!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What was Carl Sagan's favorite drink? Cosmos.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is the medical term for owning too many dogs? [A Roverdose](http://i.imgur.com/BtyF5ys.jpg)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock knock... Who's there? I did up. I did up-who?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I like my jokes they way I like my robots. Killer.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What type of school did Sherlock Holmes go to? Elementary :)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My friend told an out of place joke about police searches. But I don't think it was warranted.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The Dalai Lama walks into a pizza store... and says, "Can you make me one with everything?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the vampire use mouthwash? Because he had bat breath
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the corn say when it was complemented? Aww, shucks!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the green grape say to the purple grape? - "Breathe, stupid!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the Fall break off from all the other seasons? Because it wanted autumnomy
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If I ever fire someone who is a Taylor Swift fan I'll say "I knew you were trouble when you clocked in."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you do if a cow is in the middle of the road you're driving on? steer clear
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a blind, legless buck? No eye-deer. EDIT: I totally messed this joke up. Please give me another chance with another joke?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you get for the women who has everything? A divorce, then she'll only have half of everything.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	There was a depressed sausage... he thought his life was THE WURST.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's a dog's favorite mode of transportation? A waggin'
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the sand dune blush? Because the sea weed
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happened to the tyrannical peach? He got impeached!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do elephants paint their toenails red? So they can hide in cherry trees. You ever seen an elephant in a cherry tree? *Then it's working*.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	what did the mexican firecheif name his kids... Hose A and Hose B
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the German physicist use to drink his beer? Ein stein.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did earth say to the other planets? You guys have no life!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	One time we ran out of soap- -so we had to use hand sanitizer!!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Wanna hear a dirty joke? Two white stallions fell in the mud.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one frog say to the other frog? Time's fun when you're having flies.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the boy take a pencil and paper to bed? He was told to draw the curtains before going to sleep.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Clean joke about sorority girls Why do sorority girls only travel in odd numbered groups? Because they *can't even*!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the 8 say to the 0? Hey, fatty
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	KNOCK KNOCK! WHO'S THERE! ***sombrero **** ^sombrero who,,,? *****SOMBRERO-VER THE RAINBOW****
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'm reading a book about anti-gravity... ... It's impossible to put down
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What name is given to the most chickens ? pEGGy
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why is Dr. Frankenstein never lonely? He's good at making friends.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a pig that does karate? *A pork chop.*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What was the car doing in the dressing room? Changing attire.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a pile of dogs? A ruff terrain.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you prepare for a party in space? You Planet Thanks u/BostonCentrist
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you get when you cross an octopus with a cow? A stern rebuke from the Ethics Committee, and an immediate cessation of funding.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two bookworms were having a dispute... ...across an open book until one bookworm moves closer to the other and says, "well then, I'm glad we're on the same page."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Which kitchen appliance tells the best jokes? The beater - he cracks everybody up!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the jellyroll? He saw the apple turnover.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the chicken? Q: Why did the chicken cross the road naked? A: Because chickens don't wear clothes.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call Protestants who want to save a dime? Econoclasts.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do dwarves use to cut their pizza? Little Caesars
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the fish say when it hit the wall? Dam.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's that coffee drink with icecream? I used to know it, but... Affogato.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where did Napoleon keep his armies? In his sleevies!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	makeup beauty Omg = oh my girl so cute next morning without makeup Omg = ohh My God omg/omg = life without wife
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Time flies like the wind. Fruit flies like... bananas!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did Vincent van Gogh call himself when he joined the Justice League? The Starry Knight
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the boy take a ladder to school? He wanted to go to high school.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the best thing to put into a pie Your teeth.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of house does a stoned loaf of bread live in? A high rise
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you get when you cross a firecracker and a duck? A firequacker.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's a baker's biggest fear? Something going a-rye while they're raisin' bread.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the best way to get a hold of Vin Diesel? IM Groot. : D Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lvlj1u9S258
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did everyone trust the marsupial? Everything he said was troo
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	This dermatologist waits a month to diagnose a skin disorder... She's reluctant to make a rash decision.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are manhole covers round? Because manholes are round.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one casket say to the other? "Is that you coffin?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How does a hamburger introduce his girlfriend? Meat patty! Thought of you guys!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How does a mathematician get Tan? Sin/Cos
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is a martian's favourite chocolate? A mars bar
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where did Sally go after the explosion? Everywhere.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the cow say when it saw the farmer twice in one day? Deja Moo!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Congratulation on the new baby, from your family... except from me because I don't really care.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is agitated buy joyful? A washing machine
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a sleeping dinosaur? A dino-snore.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Breaking news! Energizer Bunny arrested... ...charged with battery.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	It's an emergency! I need underwear jokes. My baby sister needs underwear jokes for some mysterious reason. I need your guys help!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the butcher say when he handed his customer an empty pack of hotdogs on halloween? Happy halloweenie
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Can February March? No, but April May.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the internal temperature of a Taun-Taun? Lukewarm
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's it called when a planet orbits its sun 8 times? An orbyte
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are there only two hundred and thirty nine beans in a bowl of bean soup? Because just one more and it would be two-farty
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeno business.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't blind people like to go skydiving? It scares their seeing-eye dog.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	what does clark kent have for breakfast? alter-eggos
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I met Phil Spector's brother Crispin the other day. He's head of quality control at Lays.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Who is William Shatner's mythical nemesis? The Lepre-khaaaaannnnn!!!!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff... ba-dum tss
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why does Mario hate Punchbug? Because he bruises like-a Peach!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where do pots go on vacation? JaPAN! From my 9 year old.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	When German children play a game involving touching each other with bread... it's called gluten tag. I'll show myself out.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My laptop is so dumb. Every time it says "Your password is incorrect", I type in: "incorrect" and the silly thing still tells me the same thing.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the scarecrow who won the Nobel Prize? He was outstanding in his field. From: http://www.dadlaughs.com
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A man was caught stealing in a supermarket today... ...while balanced on the shoulders of a couple of vampires. He was charged with shoplifting on two counts.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	why didn't the bicycle cross the road? because it was two-tired.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Every morning I run around the block 5 times... ...Then I slide the block back under the bed and go back to sleep
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Says she: "Say something soft and sweet" Says he: "Marshmallow."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do cicadas stay up all night chirping irregularly, unable to sleep? Their cicadan rhythm is off
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a monk that operates a door unlocking service? A monkey. (p.s. I have a wonderful, terrible love for bad jokes)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call people who pretend to be Irish on St. Patrick's Day? Counterfitz
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I love when I have dramatic realizations over my morning cereal... ... I call 'em "breakfast epiphanies"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Definitions Bigamist - An Italian fog. Myfunsalow - "I am broke" in Italian. Innuendo - Italian for suppository.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Have you heard what I think of windmills? Big Fan.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Max wondered why the ball was slowly growing larger... and then it hit him.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I saw a documentary on how they make jeans... It was riveting.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What goes "Hahahahaha...*thud*"? Someone laughing their head off
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the homemade poison ivy remedy? You can make it from scratch.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the apple say to the pear? [Man, go] away!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	When do elephants have eight feet? When there are two of them.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I bought a duckdoo yesterday! 'What's a duckdoo?' "quack, quack"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call Batman skipping church? Christian Bail.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A man started to throw words beginning with 'th' at me I dodge this, then and there but I didn't see that coming
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the mobster buy a planner? So he could organize his crime
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	James Bond went to get a haircut. The barber asked him if he wanted to dye his hair as well. Bond replied "Dye another day."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I named my cat "Curiosity". He killed himself ... Nine times.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do they make Raisin Bran commercials? For raisin bran awareness.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a bald porcupine? Pointless!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where does the thumb meet its type? At the SPACE BAR! reddit is fun! I'm staring at the keyboard tryin' to think up a joke and voila'!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's Beethoven's favorite fruit? A ba-na-na-naaaaa
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'm getting mighty fed up with these sheep-human hybrids! What is with ewe people!?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What the plate say to the other plate? Dinners on me
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My finger became really swollen after I jammed it Friday. And thats how I found out Im allergic to jam.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Sports: So how's the shoestring game goin'? Right now, it's ***ALL TIED-UP!*** Oh my-oh-my! I couldn't find a cornylamejokes subreddit, so... ~Skip
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I wanted to put a pizza joke here ...but it was too saucy.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a cow that just gave birth? Decaffeinated
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the bee go to the doctor? Because he had hives.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many ears does Captain Picard have? A right ear. A left ear. And a final front ear.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What type of doctor prescribes Coke and 7-up for a living? A Poptometrist!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's grey? A melted penguin!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the healthy potato not allowed on the plane? He was on the "No Fry" list.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I saw an all frog production of Frozen yesterday... It was toad-aly cool!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Just found this sub the other day and I've come to this realization... Currently, this subreddit seems to be in quite the pickle.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If you ever get cold, just stand in the corner of a room for a while. *They're normally around 90 degrees.*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A farmer in (x-town) who rolled over a cart of horse manure... Is reported in "stable condition."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a can of tuna say? Premium flaked tuna Best before dd/mm/yy
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many magazines did the racquetball footwear company make before going out of business? Tennis shoes (Also: can anyone think of a more succinct buildup? It seems kinda unwieldy to me)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the actor detained by airport security? He said he was in town to shoot a pilot.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the llama say when asked to a picnic? Alpaca lunch!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do kids eat for breakfast? Yogoat!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the casting for the new Batman movie? People have really Ben Affleckted by it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What electronic device leaves behind a lot of broken glass? A PC, seeing how they typically run on Windows!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the orange move to veggieland? So he could live in peas and hominy.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A blind man walks into a bar. And a table. And a door. And a staircase. I don't think hes alright now.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call beef that's been burned? A mis-steak.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do cows get their gossip? They herd it through the bovine.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	[ This one from the great /u/KingOfRibbles ] "My sink was a bit dirty-" "-but all it needed was a little ...wiping!!!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why doesn't the Sun go to college? Because he has a million of degrees.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a sheep with no legs? A cloud.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	JKLMNOPQRST That's all that stands between U and I :)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Original physics joke. I'm very proud. I was organizing my desk the other day and the Entropy Police gave me a ticket for disturbing the chaos.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	There were two snowmen standing in a field, one says to the other... Can you smell Carrots?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of jackets do Audiophiles wear? FLAC jackets
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Shall I tell you the joke about the body snatchers? Best not, you might get carried away.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Gravity makes a terrible friend. It's always holding you down.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do Catholics and guitar players have in common? Neither of them practice.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Do you know why the bike couldnt stand by itself? It was TWO TIRED!!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Just heard this on a PBS kids show... What did one wolf say to the other wolf? Howls it going?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A man enters a store and asks for a color printer, the cashier asks "What color?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	An oldie but goldie! *How do you stop a charging bull?* ***Take away its credit card!*** wa-waa-waaaa! ~Skip
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two antennas met on a roof . . . Two antennas met on a roof, they fell in love and got married, the ceremony was awful but the reception was brilliant.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Is it just me... ...or are circles pointless?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between a bird and a fly? A bird can fly, but a fly can't bird.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I've won the war! My pants fit! **Congratulations, have you lost weight?** _Even better... I've bought new pants!!!_
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff. Buh dum tss!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is Mozart doing right now? *Decomposing*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Whatever you do, always give 100%... Unless of course, you're donating blood.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did papa butter say to troublesome son butter? You had *butter* behave now, alright son? I sure know you don't want to get *whipped*!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why does the dog go to the gym? He wants to get ruff
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of beer does a cow brew? Heifer-weizen.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you make a squid laugh? Ten tickles.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What cars do wolves drive? Auuuuuuuuuuuuudis!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a cow that doesn't give milk? A Milk Dud.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the American call Karl Marx when a shrine was dedicated to him in Japan? A Kami.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are locomotive drivers so good at driving locomotives? Because they were trained.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a number that cant keep still? A roamin numeral.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the redditor go to /r/zelda? To boost his link karma! (X-post from /r/Jokes)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the Tin Man say when he got run over by a steamroller? Curses! Foil again!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How can you tell that a straight pin is confused? Just look at it. It's headed in one direction and pointed in the other.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is an astronaut's favorite meal? Launch
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you do to dead chemists? You barium.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the tomato turned red? Because it saw the salad dressing
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are contortionists always angry? Their work usually has them pretty bent out of shape.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I never buy Velcro It's such a rip off.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you unlock a monastery door? With a monk key.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is the ardent task of searching for a new wallpaper called? Running a Backgroud Check.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	When does one play a corny game? You play it by ear.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The Great Yarn Race **Joe:** Did you hear about the great yarn race? **Jane:** No. Who won? **Joe:** Well, they had to weave their selves through the obstacles and in the end, it was a tie.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	a red ship and a blue ship crashed on an island together the survivors were marooned.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Three tomatoes are walking down the street... A papa tomato, a mama tomato, and a baby tomato. The baby tomato starts falling behind so the papa tomato squishes him and says, Ketchup!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happens at night in Bangladesh? It gets Dhaka
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why didn't the baby oyster share her little pearl? She was a little shellfish.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did Humpty Dumpty have a great fall? To make up for a lousy summer.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of boats do smart people ride on? Scholar ships!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you turn soup into gold? You add 24 carats!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A photon checks into a hotel... The bellhop asks him if he has any luggage and the photon replies "No. I'm travelling light."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I farted on an elevator, it was wrong on so many levels. From /r/PeterL
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What language do they speak in Holland? Hollandaise.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Last night, I had a dream that I was walking on a white sandy beach... At least that explains the footprints I found in the cat litter box this morning...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why should you always bring 2 pair of trousers when golfing? In case you get a hole in one.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Today I'm 45. But with the wind chill I feel like 32.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	/r/pickle welcomes it's newest ally. It's always good to have clean jokes. I due urge the mods to add us to your sidebar, due to the fact that you are on ours.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are cats bad storytellers? Because they only have one *tale*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Balloon's What's a balloon's favorite genre of music? Pop.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the dolphin happy and the shark depressed? The sharks life lacked porpoise.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What Johnny Mercer song does December 21st remind you of? Autumn Leaves.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's a comedian's favorite candy? Laffy Taffy.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	There's a guy at the office today wearing full camo. At least I think so... I haven't seen him in a while.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do ghosts like to ride elevators? It lifts their spirits.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you call for a bath? With a Teletubbie.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Who was the chicken's favorite musician? BAAAACH BACH BACH BACH
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	X-post from r/jokes: Mommy! I found a $10 bill today, but I threw it away, cus it was fake. "Oh, how did you know it was fake?" "It had two zeroes instead of one."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How much does it cost a pirate to get his ear pierced? A buccaneer!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call the ghost of a chicken? A poultrygeist!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's invisible and smells like carrots? Bunny farts.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did fish say when she hit the wall ? Dam(n) !!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are colds such bad robbers? Because they're so easy to catch!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A man walks into an apple store and...... farts every one is really angry and there all shouting so he says it's not my fault you don't have windows
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are pirates so mean? I dont know, they just arrrrrrrrr!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	As I watched the dog chasing his tail, I thought, Dogs sure are easily amused!... ...then I realized I was watching the dog chasing his tail.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happened to the ghost who couldn't scare? He had to join a support group since he couldn't handle his boos.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the butcher who backed into the meat grinder? He got a little behind in his work.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do vegetarian zombies eat? Graaaaaaiiiins......
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the lion spit out the clown? Because he tasted funny.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What was Marie Curie's fitness program on the airwaves called? Radio-Activity
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I went to the dermatologist about something on my neck- -and they said I just needed to scrub it!!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the math book sad? It had a lot of problems
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is the swamp-dwellers favorite form of extraterrestrial life? the Martians
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do good farmers only excel when they are actually farming? (X-post from /r/jokes) Because they are out standing in their field.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The cheesiest joke ever. "I don't feel grate." -- Block of Cheese before it got shredded.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Every single morning I get hit by the same bike... It's a vicious cycle.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do get when you cross 50 female pigs with 50 male deer? One hundred sows and bucks?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	You know youre getting old when Santa starts looking younger.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I hate when you're trying to be cheesy but everyone is laughtose intolerant.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is irony? Irony is when something has the chemical symbol Fe.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	was going to make a joke about science but I know for I wont get a reaction...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The other day, I sent my girlfriend a huge pile of snow... I called her up and asked, ''Did you get my drift?''
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call... What do you call an Italian romance novel model who's let himself go? Flabio.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How did the geologist develop a career as an expert in sinkholes? He fell into it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A bear and a rabbit are pooping in the woods The bear asks the rabbit - "do you have a problem with poop sticking to your fur?" "Nope" So the bear wipes his butt with the rabbit.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Overheated some milk in a lab experiment today... ...and asked the teacher if it would affect the result. Her response? "To a degree."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's brown and sticky? A stick
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I was gonna make a joke on Reddit.. .. but I guess you've already Reddit somewhere.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the Antennas that got married? The wedding was lame, but the reception was great!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is the most religious unit in electrical engineering? Ohm.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I was walking in the desert and saw a redwood tree. I knew this must be a mirage, so I ran into it. To my dismay, the tree and I collided. I guess it must have been an obstacle illusion.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A Bagpiper, a Kangeroo, an Irish poet, and Mother Theresa walk into a bar . . . . . . . the barman, who was drying a glass, lifted his head and asked, "Is this some kind of joke?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many catholics does it take to change a lightbulb? CHANGE?!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't you want a turkey at your thanksgiving dinner? Because it'll gobble up everything.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What fruit do Romeo and Juliet eat? Cantelope
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was 9 afraid of 20? 28 29's
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one snowman say to the other? Do you smell carrots?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a race run by baristas? A **decaf**alon
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a stegosaurus with carrots in its ears? Anything you want to - it can't here you!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What bird can write underwater? A ball-point Penguin!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the horse order at the bar? Chardaneiiiiiiggghhhhh
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What was Beethoven's favorite fruit? BA-NA-NA-NA!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the tissue get up and dance? It had a little boogy in it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do sea monsters eat? Fish and ships.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did Virginia get when she walked into the pet shop? (state joke) A New Hampshire
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The other day, I was looking through my socks, when I found one had a hole in it... "darn it..." I muttered.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call the James Brown songs no one listens to? Defunct funk.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you see the guy at Walmart hiding from ugly people?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	You know what I hate about fashion designers? They are so clothes-minded.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a spider with no legs? A raisin
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A man walks into a bar... He says "Ow"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Which is the most silky planet? Satin!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a train full of grain's whistle sound like? "COUS, COUS!!!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you say to someone who is making a cardboard belt? "That's a waist of paper!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why didn't the skeleton go to the party? He had no *body* to go with
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a race ran by female horses? A mare-a-thon.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a Moroccan candy distributor? Fez dispenser.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the production delays at that company that makes scales using lengthy pipes? They had really long weights.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	We don't allow faster-than-light neutrinos in here, says the bartender. A neutrino walks into a bar.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Almonds on the tree; Amonds off the tree cause to get them off the tree you hafta shake the "L" out of them!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear the one about the constipated mathematician? He worked his problem out with a pencil.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do crazy people go through the forest? They take the psycho-path.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the mama pig give her baby pig for its rash? ***OINKMENT!*** &gt; (This exchange that I found on /r/tumblr makes this joke even funnier to me: &gt; http://i.imgur.com/EzT0Bkd.jpg)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a one-eyed dinosaur? Doyouthinkhesarus (Credit goes to whoever submitted that to the Coffee News)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do bears hate shoes so much? They like to run around in their bear feet.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you think the unthinkable? With an itheburg.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a bug that can't talk? A hoarse fly.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Always put sunglasses on your tree. Then, you'll get the proper shade.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Today I brought a computer back from the dead. I've decided that this makes me a techromancer.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is tuba plus tuba? Fourba!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two dogs are going on a walk down the street They walk past a few parking meters and one dog says to the other, "Hey, check it out! Pay toilets!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why couldn't Elsa hold on to a balloon? She would always let it go.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How can you tell if a hamburger was grilled in space? It's a little meteor.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the amazed Kazakhstani say? That's Astana-shing
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't blind people skydive? Because it scares their dogs too much!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	When is a door not a door? When it's a jar
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's Medusa's favorite kind of cheese? Gorgonzola.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why Does Snoop Dogg need an umbrella? For drizzle, my nizzle. :D
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My dental hygienist retired after working 55 years... All she got was a lousy plaque...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I've just made a meeting site for retired chemists It's called Carbon Dating
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare-line.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two wrongs don't make a right... but three lefts make a right. And two Wrights make a plane 6 lefts make a plane.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the library book go to the doctor? It needed to be checked out; it had a bloated appendix.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A frog decided to trace his genealogy one day... He discovered he was a tad Polish.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the fish say before he hit the wall? Oh, Dam.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the smartest dinosaur? Thesaurus Rex! omg, I crack myself up! ~Skip
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I like camping but... it's so in tents
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If the house is in the kitchen, and Diana's in the kitchen, what's in Diana? A state (Indiana)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A sentence and a phrase is arguing, what did the sentence say? I know where you're coming from this phrase, but I can't see your point.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's brown and sounds like a bell? Dung.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's a balloon's favorite genre of music? Pop.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about what happened with the elk? It was really amoosing.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I got hit hard in the head with a can of 7up today... I'm alright though, it was a soft drink.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's so great about living in Switzerland? Well, the flag is a big plus.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the girl quit her job at the donut factory? She was fed up with the hole business.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What colour T-shirt would win a race? Red, because it runs the most.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the Egyptian kid confused? Because his daddy was a mummy
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	After watching a strongman competition... it amazed me to see how much the human body can lift without pooing itself.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the O say to the 8? Nice belt.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the burrito embarrassed? It saw the salad dressing.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a bunch of Asian bears roaring? Panda-monium.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a rock do all day? Nothing. (this joke was made by daughter when she was 5)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The joke of 2016 Trump
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How does Han Solo like to get around Endor? Ewoks
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I don't have the faintest idea why I passed out Just a short pun
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a vegetarian? A hopeless romaine-tic
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather... Unlike the passengers in his car who were screaming and yelling! http://www.thedailyenglishshow.com/friday-joke/98-how-to-die/
cleanjokes	whimsy	edgy	1	What do you call a chicken crossed with a cow? Cock-a-doodle-moo!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Kind of a kid joke What kind of cereal do zombies like? Kellog's All Brain
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the farmer say when he lost his tractor? Where's my tractor?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a blind deer? No-eye deer. What do you call a blind deer with no legs? *Still* no-eye deer.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are proteins so cranky? Because they're made of a mean ol' acids.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a pachyderm that doesn't matter? Irrelephant.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What are caterpillars afraid of? DOGerpillars!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why should you never invite a boxer to a party? He always throws the punch.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How much does it cost for a pirate to get his ear pierced? A buccaneer.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I was addicted to the hokey pokey but I turned myself around.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why didn't the bicycle cross the road? ...he was two-tired...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the Russians use peanuts for torture in the Cold War? Because in Soviet Russia, Nut Cracks You!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do trees get online? They just log in...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Apparently vegetables can hear when they're being eaten. So I always drown mine in salad dressing first. Because it's the Romaine thing to do.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why were Wrigley, Doublemint, and Orbit watching CNN? To find out the latest on gum control legislation.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I wanna make a joke about sodium. But Na.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why couldn't the melons be together? Everyone knows melons cantaloupe.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why couldn't the alligator satisfy his lover? He had a reptile dysfunction.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's a blind person's favorite fast food joint? Taco Braille
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The preacher today used Star Wars as a sermon illustration. I felt it was a little forced.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing, it just gave a little wine
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are giraffes' necks so long? Because their heads are so far away from their bodies.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	what's orange and sounds like a parrot? a carrot.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the panda crying? He had a bambooboo. Aonther one from my 9 year old.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why does Thor have insomnia? He's up all night to get Loki.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear the one about the three eggs? Too Bad.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	/r/askreddit thread "What's the best clean joke you know" with thousands of replies http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/zrotp/whats_the_best_clean_joke_you_know/
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Chemistry Student I'm a science teacher and once I asked one of my lazy students if he knew the chemical symbol for sodium. He replied, 'Na, I don't'. Lucky sod, he's only ever right periodically.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a smart pig? Swinestein.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	So, I have this new knock knock joke You start... (when you get it)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Captain Ahab's crew were highly efficient sailors In fact, they were running like a whale oiled machine.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of fish would be good to tune a piano? Oh, you guessed it right ... the tuna fish!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Bulls from all over India sent a petition to SC asking it to classify them as 'Jallikatu Bulls'.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about NASA finding bones on the moon? Yeah,the cow didn't make it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Some people have trouble sleeping... ...but I can do it with my eyes closed...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I think I want a job cleaning mirrors... ...it's just something I can see myself doing.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the eye say to the other eye? Something smells between us.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the kidnapping in Delaware? Don't worry, he eventually woke up.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What animal is best at hitting a baseball? A bat!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the octopus beat the shark in a fight? Because the octopus was well armed.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'll always remember what my uncle said before he passed on up... "Flying houses? Talking dogs? That movie looks dumb."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Whats Red and Smells Like Blue Paint? Red Paint
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did Little Miss Muffet have GPS on her Tuffet? To keep her from losing her whey.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an obese psychic that works at a bank? A four chin teller
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A man walked into a doctor's office . . . He said to the doctor: "I've hurt my arm in several places." The doctor said: "Well don't go there any more."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the chicken lay an egg? (Quoted from daughter at age 3) To get food for her babies!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do Gastroenterologists have such a passion for their job? Because they find the components of one's stomach very intestine.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Science joke The bartender says "we don't serve your kind here" He orders a drink A Tachyon walks into a bar Who wants to hear a Tachyon joke?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How much does it cost a pirate to pierce his ears? A buccaneer!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	There's a TV channel where you can buy all the Pope's speeches It's called "Papal View".
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	So today is Earth day on what grounds are we celebrating?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one slice of bread say to the other at the end of a game of chess? "It's stale, mate."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I heard it's a good night to see the Perseid meteor shower . . . . . . but I haven't heard how it got dirty.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why shouldn't you have coffee while on the clock? Because that would be "grounds" for termination!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is green, has four legs and if it fell out of a tree and landed on you it would kill you? A pool table!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? Philippe Philoppe.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a truthful piece of paper? Fax.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What type of melon would Romeo and Juliet have been? Cantaloupe.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of turns do letters take? U-turns! *From my 9 year old son yesterday. Fixed typo.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one computer CPU say to the other after getting hit? Ow! That megahertz!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock knock. Who's there? A cow. A cow who? Not a cow "who"! A cow moos. An owl says "who".
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you take a shower today? Why, is one missing?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the Hungarian say to the annoying kid? "You're nothing budapest!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I was thinking of ways to become transgender... So I figured I'd fly to Paris. Because then I'd be abroad.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How does the Mummy plan to destroy Superman? He's gonna lure him in to the crypt tonight.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a cow with one leg? Steak.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What concert tickets should cost $0.45? 50 cent feat. Nickelback :P
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A woman files for divorce from her husband... citing that he makes too many Star Wars puns. When asked if this is true the husband says, "Divorce is strong with this one."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why can't you run in a camp ground? You can only 'ran'; it's past tents.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of soda do dogs drink? Barq's Root Beer.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I saw a middle aged man staring at a picture of his very first steps. With tears in his eyes, he told me he regrets ever replacing the steps with an elevator.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	[OC] Why couldn't the dragon breathe fire? He had a cold
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do fish smoke? Seaweed!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why is it a bad idea to get in a relationship with a statue? Because it's not going anywhere.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where do you go to weigh a pie? Somewhere over the rainbow weigh a pie. (sounds like way up high)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I forgot where I threw my boomerang. Oh wait.. It's coming back to me now.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the Estonian student say in language class? I'll never Finnish. *dodges tomato*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call the delivery boy at an Indian restaurant? Curry-er.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I had to clean out my spice rack and found everything was too old and had to be thrown out. What a waste of thyme.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why were the breakfast potatoes running around hitting each other? HashTag!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between Bird flu and swine flu? For one you get tweetment and the other you get oinkment...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where do dogs go when they lose their tails? To a retail store.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I have the opposite of a photographic memory i have a potatographic memory.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the vegetable band break up? They couldn't keep a beet.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the Spy cross the road? 'Cause he wasn't really on your side.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I invented a time machine... ...next week.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Who was the only novelist with both direction and magnitude? Vector Hugo.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My plumber finally quit on me... He couldn't take any more of my crap. Sorry that this isn't a CLEAN joke. Heh
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I went to the store and asked for a one handed sailor... he said sorry, "I'm a wholesaler."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	what do you call an effeminate dwarf? A metro-gnome....
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows on too high she looked surprised.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a Jihadist that loves turkey? A Tryptophanatic.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why there should be a February 30th So dentists can have a day to celebrate
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a big pile of kittens? A meowtain.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an arcade in eastern europe? czech-e-cheese
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My relationship is like Monopoly. She gives me too many Chances.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you call a deer with no eyes? No idea.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happened when the man couldn't afford the mortgage on his haunted house? ...it was repossessed!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My uncle wanted to give all his sheep a sex change... But it entailed too many ramifications!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many dancers does it take to change a lightbulb? 5,6,7,8
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What was wrong with the wooden car? It wooden go.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do caves have? Echosystems. From my 9 year-old.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	One fifth of people... ...are just too tense!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a fish with no eye? fsh
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where do rabbits like to eat breakfast? IHOP!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the wall ask the picture? (All together now!) ***"How's it hangin'?"*** ~Skip
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Me have great grammar... Me learnt everything I know from Sesame Street!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If I don't eat all of my food, it goes to waste. If I do eat all of my food, it goes to *waist*.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the green light say to the red light? I love you, but I'm sick of yellow light always breaking us up.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call the Hamburglar's accomplice? hamburglar helpler
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the fight in the candy store? Two suckers got licked
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did I tell you I'm joining a gym in Gainesborough? Because I'm all about those gains bro
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I have a lot of jokes about the unemployed... ...but none of them work.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is the last thing to go through a fly's mind when it hits a windshield? Its butt.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Which fairground ride is made of iron? The ferrous wheel
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a bulimic tree? Sycamore.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the lobster upset? Because he found out his friends thought he was a little crabby!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the ointment... Did you hear about the ointment that couldn't stop talking about politics? When confronted, he said he was just trying to be topical.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the first rule of bug ownership? Watch your step!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Three drums and a cymbal rolled down a hill ba dum dum ching
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is invisible and smells like carrots? Bunny Farts.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	When I grow old, I am sure I will look back at my life and say "aaaah! my neck hurts"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The pollen count that's a difficult job! [Credit to Milton Jones]
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the cowgirl name her pony ink? Because it kept running out of the pen!! My favorite joke when young :).
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you know yesterday was National Middle Child Day? Don't worry, no one else remembered either.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Have you heard about the 2 Spanish firemen? Jose and hose B
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	There are two types of people in this world 1. Those who can extrapolate from incomplete data
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the flat iron say to the follicle? Now let me get this straight . . .
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	6:30 is the best time on a clock... ...hands down.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I love graphs! I used to be obsessed with them... I've calmed down now though, you've gotta draw the line somewhere
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of car did the German cowboy purchase? Audi *tips hat*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Garbage men have Hefty contracts.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Dolphins don't do anything by accident.. Always on porpoise.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What goes oh oh oh? Santa walking backwards.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why does a milking stool have only three legs? Because the cow has the udder!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A skeleton walks into a bar orders a beer and a mop.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	First original joke! Why did the rapper visit the urologist? Because his flows were so sick.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's gray and all around? Everything. I'm a dog.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	~tips fedora at mosquito~ Mlaria
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Need help While scratching my ear with key few hours ago, audio on my brand new TV went off. Does anyone know good TV Service. Sh... I think my Laptop sound died too.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Who's the world's greatest underwater spy? Pond. James Pond.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the belt locked up? Because it held a pair of pants.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Alrighty Kids always remember: you are what you eat So eat loads of sweets and pass on those vegetables
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How did the desk lamp store manager feel when thieves stole all his lightbulbs? He was delighted.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about Scrooge's drinking problem? He had a dickens of a time with spirits.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Cogito Ergo Spud. I think, therefore I yam.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the best part about twenty two year old wheels of cheese? There are twenty of them.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My brother said he's incontinent. Yeah, he said he's wet his pants in nearly every nation in the world.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an elephant with a poor memory? A bold and innovative departure from the hackneyed stereotypes that all too often dominate the joke-telling industry.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a nose without a body? Nobody knows...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you know ancient Egyptians loved books so much? Because they built their stuff with reads!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Old game show bloopers...I miss this kind of humor today Found this video randomly http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xv3gK2bmkAk&amp;feature=related
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where do weirdos ride their bicycles? Psycho-paths. (as told by one of my coworkers)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do sailors give their wives a bouqet of ropes instead of flowers?? It's a bouqet of forget-me-knots.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where did the cat go when it lost it's tail? To the retail store!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an Italian romance novel model who's let himself go? Flabio
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a lion in the circus. A Carny-vore
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Actually, there are but two types of people Those who can extrapolate from limited data ...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why'd the chicken cross the Mobius strip? To get to the same side.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	X-post from r/jokes: "Hey! The dog you sold me yesterday just fell over and died today!" "Huh, strange. He's never done that before."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is the longest word in the English language? SMILES because there is a mile between the first and last letters!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I had a joke about time travel but you guys didn't like it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How does the farmer count up his cows? ...with a cowculator.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I would make a sparrow joke... But they don't fly very well.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the golfer need to buy a new pair of socks? Because he got a hole in one!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't you want to hang out with a dude from Chicago? Because 'Illinois you!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does Colonel Mustard's Mexican maid call him? *(Phonetically-ish)* Mis'ser Dijon.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the man who was accidentally buried alive? It was a grave mistake. Woohoo! I'm making these up!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a happy penguin? A pengrin!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the green grape say to the purple grape? "Breathe you idiot! Breathe!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the two monocles at the party? They made spectacles out of themselves.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you get when you drop a piano in a coal mine? A flat minor. Night... Don't forget to tip your waitress
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Wanna hear a dirty joke? A white horse fell in the mud.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A skeleton walks into a bar The bartender says, what will you have? Skeleton says, a beer... and a mop
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My daughter hit me with this one while preparing for dinner Why did the table love playing volleyball? Because it was always getting set! I think she gets it from her mother.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How did the aquarium win the battle? Giant Fish Tanks.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a duck call a tractor? A quacktor
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did daddy fish do when mommy fish got herself lost? ...He flounder
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	There are three types of people in this world. Those who can count and those who can't.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the chicken kill itself? To get to the other side.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why can't you hear a pterodactyl use the restroom? Because the *p* is silent
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I thought about starting a business selling halos... ...but the cost of overheads was too high.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where did the team get there uniforms? New Jersey
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Programmers tend to byte their food
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a group of security guards in front of a Samsung store? Guardians of the Galaxy.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I heard the best time travel joke tomorrow.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a woman on a cruise ship in Mexico using the diving board at the pool? A broad abroad on a board aboard.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the topic sentence say to the evidence? Why aren't you supporting me?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you get when you mix Michael Jordan with Donald Trump? A Dunkin' Donut.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two horses are standing in a field. "I'm so hungry I could eat a horse" Says the first. "Moo!" says the second
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a pile of kittens? A meowtin
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happens to a frog's car when it breaks down? It gets toad away.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two peanuts were walking down the street.... And one of them was assaulted
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If you walk into the bathroom an American and walk out an American, what are you in the bathroom? European.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	An ion walked up to Lost and Found and reported that he had lost an electron. The clerk asked:are you sure? The ion replied :Yes, I am positive.VCN
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you say to your sister when she's crying? Are you having a crisis?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a cross between a gorilla and a monkey? A cross.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call it when Google Glass connects to the internet? Eye-fi.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the Kurd bury his music collection? His tribesman said "ISIL is approaching, and they're coming for Yazidis."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	This mallard waddled into a bar... Should've ducked.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	We now have TWO Wawa's by the interstate. The one on the east side of I4 is not so bad. But the other one, whoa. It's the Wawa West over there.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What' the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast beef, but not everyone can pea soup. (As told by my 8yo, who made me laugh with a joke for the first time. Proud dad moment.)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	the only one of its kind on this sub Want to hear a dirty joke? horse fell in the mud!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian Bale.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a social media platform designed for religious people who also have speech impediments? Faithbook
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'm so sad because my friend is moving to Shanghai. More like Shang-bye.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a alligator in a vest? Investigator.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How to create a clean joke Step 1. Find a dirty joke Step 2. Clean it
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A skelleton goes to the bar and says "Can I have a pint and a mop..."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the fortune teller that... Had bad breath, calluses all over his body and couldn't win a fight? He was a Super Callused Fragile Mystic Hexed with halitosis.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the scarecrow promoted? Because he was outstanding in his field!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My friend gave me a balloon and told me not to pop it.. but I blew it!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My old roommate's bathroom was so dirty- -I had to clean the soap before using it. (Seriously.)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the paper follow the pencil? Because it LED THE WAY! I'm on a roll here! this is fun! ~Skip
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why does a chicken coupe only have two doors? If it had four it'd be a chicken sedan!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a cow with only two legs? Lean Beef!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the school grey? Because it was a Greyed School. I woke up with this joke in my head this morning. I think my brain is trying to kill me with horrible puns.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Want to hear a clean Joke? Johnny took a bath with bubbles. Want to hear a dirty one? Bubbles is a man
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do sharks swim in salt water? Because pepper would make them sneeze!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A Siri joke!: Two iPhones walk into a bar... ...Carrying a set of iPod shuffles. The bartender says: &gt; Let those iPods sing, man! He was an iSurfer on iPad mini.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I used to work at an orange juice factory... I ended up getting fired because I couldn't concentrate.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Just wrote a book on reverse psychology... Don't read it!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the melon get married in a church? Because he was in love with a cantaloupe.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do fish live in salt water? Because *pepper* makes them sneeze!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the apricot late to the party? He got stuck in a jam.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Passwords 123456 abcdef Password
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I knew I was old when I opened internet explorer.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a storm cloud have on beneath its clothes? Thunderwear!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where does the little king keep his little armies? Up his little sleevies.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	"What kind of house does cheese like to live in?" "A cottage"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the bullet stay home? Because it got fired!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do vegan zombies eat? GRAAAAINS
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an economics lecturer? Prof. it
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	/r/cleanjokes hits 10K subscribers **/r/cleanjokes metrics:** Total Subscribers: 10,000 Subreddit Rank: 2,246 Milestones &amp; Subreddit Growth: http://redditmetrics.com/r/cleanjokes
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the rope get put in timeout? Because he was very knotty.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do mathematicians get if they stare at the roots of negative numbers for too long? Square eyes
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'm going to stand outside... So if anyone asks, I am outstanding.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is Forrest Gump's favorite pasta? Penne
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where did the universe attend college? At the university.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you find Will Smith in the winter? You search for Fresh Prints.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the squirrel cross the road on the telephone wire? To be on the safe side!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is Paula Deen's favorite insect? The Butterfly
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an antelope that wants a big wedding? Cantelope
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did no one ever consider Tony Stark (the Iron Man) a protagonist? Because he was always cited as the Anthony hero.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between a firstborn prince and a baseball? A baseball is thrown to the air.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an Autobot who works in an overpriced makeup store at the mall ? Ulta Magnus!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I can't stand Russian Dolls... They're always so full of themselves!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A teacher asked her students to use the word "beans" in a sentence... "My father grows beans," said one girl. "My mother cooks beans," said a boy. A third student spoke up, "We are all human beans."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the mailman say when his Mail truck caught fire? That he needed to address the situation
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Math problem: I had 10 chocolate bars and ate 9. What do I have now? "Oh, I do not know, DIABETES MAYBE!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't cannibals like clowns? they taste funny!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between pea soup and roast beef? Anyone can roast beef...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you know that protons have mass? &gt;Yes Well I didn't even know they were Catholic!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Look for the fresh prints.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	*THUD* "What was that?" "My pants fell down." "...Why so loud?" "I'm wearing them."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an Italian guy with a rubber toe? Roberto
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a ghost cow say? *wave arms around* MoooooOOOOOOoooooooo
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How much does wonton soup weigh? One ton, but I don't know anyone that'd wantonly order it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Saitama tried to change his Facebook password to Goku but Facebook said it was too weak...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the fly fly? Because the spider spied her.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? pt 2 A boomer-WRONG!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a Mexican with crazy intentions? A locomotive!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many nihilists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? #
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where do snowmen dance? At the snowball!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why is a shooting star better than a hamburger? It's meteor.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the vegetables hop into the boiling pot of water? They were part of a stewicide pact.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I find hanging around in coffee shops A great way to espresso yourself
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	First post and an original How much does a Chinese elephant weigh? .................. Wonton
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Heard the one about the corduroy pillowcase? It's making headlines.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft? A flat miner.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the spider land on the keyboard? She wanted a new website.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the woman buy new wine glasses? Because the ones she was using made everything blurry.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one dry erase marker say to the other? I'm bored! (As in board) Another one from my 9 year-old.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the tailpipe say to the muffler? I'm exhausted. What did the muffler say back? ^mmmmbfmbm
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you cal a bear with extreme mood swings? A bi-polar bear.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the snail drink beer? To come out of its shell!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If I bought a balloon for $0.99 ... How much should I sell it for when I adjust for inflation?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I went out with anorexic twins last night... 2 birds, 1 stone
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why should you never invest in bakeries? Because they have a high turnover rate.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	a disability, a curse word and a radical interpretation of scripture walk into a bar nothing happened welcome to /r/cleanjokes
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a bear with no teeth? *A gummy bear.*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Barely amusing Japanese joke Why are snakes so difficult to pick up in Japan? Because in Japan, snakes are hebi.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A priest, a minister, and a rabbit walk into a bar... ...and the bartender says, "What is this, a joke?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	No matter what anyone said, I was never going to take the stand. It's 1000 pages, for Pete's sake!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why couldn't the skeleton cross the street? Because he didn't have the guts!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't crabs give to charities? They are shellfish.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the mortgage broker go out of business? ...because he lost interest.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My buddy the hacker took the quiz "What Beatles song best describes your life." The answer he got: "My Way".
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I hear that in Star Wars VIII they're going to introduce Han's perpetually depressed younger brother. His name is Y Solo.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the skeleton who didn't go to prom? He had no body to go with.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a group of people standing in the arctic circle? A Finnish line.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I came into this subreddit expecting jokes about soap. I am mildly disappointed.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What game do you play with a wombat? Wom.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Wash the alligator clips with rubbing alcohol during flu season Protect yourself from catching a terminal illness.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What age were pigs discovered in? The Saus Age.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	You've got to really be careful when ingesting shoes... cause they're usually laced
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the guy who invented a knife that can cut four loaves of bread at once? He's calling it the "Four Loaf Cleaver."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Armadillo The world needs more armed dillos.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	This is an X and Z conversation... Y are you in the middle?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the fish say when it swam into the wall? Dam.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Heart attack When is the worst possible time to have a heart attack? When you are playing Charades.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The hole in the boat So two guys steal a boat and get drunk. Kane of them goes "Hey, there is a hole in this boat". The other says "don't worry it's not ours".
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is a tuna's favorite city? Albacoreque.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of pants does Super Mario wear? [Denim, denim, denim.](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c0SuIMUoShI)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the cop wake up his son? To stop a kid napping.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I hate people who talk about me behind my back... They discussed me.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the Buddhist say to the hotdog vendor? Make me one with everything.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I came up with a joke about my old cell phone Nevermind, it tends to get terrible reception
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did music tell the pancakes? B flat.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's Anakin Skywalker's favorite animal? Well, it was cats, originally, but then he was turned to the dog side.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Have you seen the movie - Constipated? No? Why? Cause it hasn't come out yet!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the people not like the restaurant on the moon? There was no atmosphere
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the grocery delivery guy get fired? He drove people bananas!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a thesaurus eat for breakfast? A synonym roll.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does Captain Kirk wear to the fitness center? Jim shorts.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the lawyer for U2? He was Pro-Bono
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an old fruit-picker in Wisconsin? Cherry-atric
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I heard she accidentally spilled her chocolate milkshake on her white poodle- -knick knack paddy whack give the dog a... bath!!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	An idea for a board game... BONOPOLY - Similar to Monopoly, but where the streets have no name.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Mary had a little lamb. She's not a vegan anymore.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did 0 say to 8? Nice belt!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Santa keeps his suits in the clauset.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why couldn't the woman date a German man? Because she was Klaustrophobic!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock! Knock! Knock! Knock! Whos there? Control Freak. Con Okay, now you say, Control Freak who?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How did the townspeople react when the mayor presented them with a cost efficient, vegan protein source? They chia'd.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear that H.P. Lovecraft wrote a cookbook? It's called the Necronomnomnomicon.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why should you leery of stairs? Because they are always up to something.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'm calculating how much it would cost to install lights for a little league baseball field A ballpark estimate would be perfect
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is the horror movie Quija rated? Quija-13
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	So, a guy gave his friend 10 puns, hoping that one of them would make him laugh. Sadly, no pun in ten did.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What was the allergic 2"X4"'s terrifying hallucination? He sawdust.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a chef who's stingy with herbs? PARSLEYMONIOUS
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Which US state is the friendliest towards the Japanese? Ohio
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A classic: what do you call somebody with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	what do you call a fake noodle? An impasta! :D
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do Engineers use as birth control? Their Personality.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How much does a pirate earing cost? A buccaneer
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an alligator with a vest? An Investigator!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Seven days without a joke makes one weak.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'm a social person. I'm friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know why.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My grandpa started walking five miles a day when he was 60... Now hes 97 years old and we have no idea where he is...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where do toilets live? Porcel Lane.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the Country Bear Jamboree bear blush? Because he was a bear a-singing. ..... I am at Disney with the kids this week...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's a martini's favorite garnish? Olive 'em!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the chess master order a Russian bride? He needed a Chech mate!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between a bag of chips and a duck with the flu? One's a quick snack and the other's a sick quack!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why didn't the cargo ship want to leave the bay? Because it was a freight!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call someone who really loves breakfast? A cereal killer.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did Captain Ahab say when he harpooned a whale's tail fin on the first try? "Well that was a fluke."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call someone that steals shoes? A sneaker.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What song can never be played on #throwback Thursday? Friday by Rebecca Black
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the neutrino say to the planet? Just passing through
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you do with epileptic lettuce? You make a seizure salad!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear they're republishing that Simple Mathematics study guide? It's the revised edition. (Revise Addition)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Do you have a hole in your sock? "No ..." *(looks at sock)* . . How'd you get your foot in it?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a baker wear on his feet? Loafers.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What cars do cows drive? Cattleacs
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I was at Redbox, but I didn't know what to watch. I consulted my groceries, and my pizza said, "Keep Frozen."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you get when you cross a pig and a spider? Bacon and scrambled leggs.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why didn't the fisherman go to Florida to fish for long jawed fish with rows of razor like teeth? He didn't have a Gar
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't robots have any brothers anymore? Because they have trans-sisters.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Whats blue and smells like red paint? Blue paint
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Darth Vader told me he knows what i'm getting for Christmas He said he felt my presents...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the hippie drown? He was too *far out*!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between a Jew and a pizza? The pizza can have ham and cheese together.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Define "Will" Isn't it obvious? It's a dead giveaway!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	There's a wreath hanging on my door with hundred dollar bills attached. I call it an Aretha Franklin. c
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many roads must a man walk? 42.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is a spectre's favorite theme park attraction? The Roller Ghoster
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a nosey pepper do? Gets jalapeno business!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you know that in high school, Robert E. Lee was voted "most likely to secede?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear the Offspring song about how to store mummies? "You gotta keep 'em desiccated"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	This is 2 girls with 1 cup. [A.K.A. Friends At (a) Cafe Bar](http://www.gettyimages.com/detail/photo/friends-at-cafe-bar-high-res-stock-photography/156534295)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why were the treefrog's stories always so attention grabbing? Because he was absolutely ribbeting!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a slice of bread from another country? An immigraint.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	You know what they say about men that have big feet? #They wear big shoes! *Come on guys, this is /r/cleanjokes! Get your minds out of the gutter!*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Q: What do you call a deer with no eyes? A: No eye deer (No idea) Q: What do you call a quadriplegic deer with no eyes? A: Still, no eye deer. (Still no idea)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many golfers does it take to change a light bulb? FOUR!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the famous musician say the moment he was born? *I'LL BE BACH*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the pebble say to the rock? I wish I was a little boulder!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What goes up and down but does not move? Stairs
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	In what town lives the mathematician who can only multiply by two? Dublin.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? Bison
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do Jamaican chickens make fun of all the other chickens? Because they're jerks.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did y'all hear the one about the professional jump-roper? Never mind. *Skip it*.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The victim's body was found in the kitchen surrounded by eight empty boxes of cornflakes. Police suspect it was the work of a serial killer.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	"Stay strong!" I said to my wi-fi signal.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Pick up line for a Shakespeare lover. How now brown chicken brown cow?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the snail draw an "S" on the side of his car? So that when he drove by people could say, "Look at that escargot!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	When do you know you are getting a good deal on a boat? When there's a sail on it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happens if socialism comes to the Sahara? Old Soviet-era joke told in Russia: What happens if socialism comes to the Sahara? Nothing at first, but then the sand shortages will start.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do sailors finish a corny joke on a boat? Ba dum ship.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the best part of a baker's body? Their buns.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call coffee made from coal? Tarbucks.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the three holes in the ground say? Well, well, well My grandpa's favorite joke. Took me five years to get it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	When you ask a girl, Wanna go to the gym with me? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rQegAi6d-MM
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I once ate a watch. It was time consuming, I didn't go back for seconds.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do zombies always kill at comedy clubs? Because their jokes are told post-humorously!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you get when you cross a crocodile with a cartridge? A snapshot.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where do you learn to make ice cream? Sundae School
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is a rocket's favorite meal? Launch! Another one from my 9 year old.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do lawyers wear to court? Lawsuits.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do they call a monastery key that opens all doors? Monk key
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I fell in the mud. And took a shower right after!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Fart tutor wanted, must have references
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I do my best when my manager puts a gun to my head.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call someone who majors in geology and astronomy A rockstar
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I rang up a local builder and said, "I want a skip outside my house." He said, "I'm not stopping you." **Tim Vine**
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of bird can write? A penguin.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the bunny say to the frog? [My name is Rabbit, not ribbit!!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CYkDxsaHlkg)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino? 'ell if I know wot to call it!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the chef invest in chicken and cow bones? He wanted to buy stock options.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What side of a leopard has the most spots? The outside
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How was the Roman Empire cut in two? With a pair of Caesars.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's faster hot or cold? Hot! Because anyone can catch a cold! buh duh tsst
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one octopus say to the other octopus? Will you hold my hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do fish always sing off key? Because you can't tune a fish. Say it outloud if you don't get it. I made this one up in first grade IIRC.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	[PICKLE] Our first chance to help our new ally! http://www.reddit.com/r/pickle/comments/1a2xg8/next_attack_for_our_entire_army_march_12th_at_520/
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What type of cheese lives under your bed? Muenster.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the 0 say to the 8? ... Hey, nice belt..
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How does a duck pay for lipstick? She puts it on her bill
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	So I work in a Steak House and all the people there are really lazy So I must say after working there: That it's rare to see a job well done
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is H.P. Lovecraft's cook book called? The Necronomnomnomicon.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the rabbit go to rehab? He was hopped up on easter eggs.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock Knock... 1.Knock knock. Whos there? Yoda lady. Yoda lady who? Good job yodeling! 2.Knock knock. Whos there? Well, not your parents, because your parents never knock!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho cheese!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Reinventing Yourself http://dryinginside.blogspot.com/2012/10/reinventing-yourself-doesnt-always-work.html
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a Macho Man Randy Savage that does not belong to you? &gt;Nacho Man Randy Savage!!!!! this is my original content!!!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does the horse call the pigs on his farm? Neigh-boars.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is the world famous Chef Gordan's favorite football team? The Ramsays
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My shower had a bit of mildew- -but all it took was a little... scrubbing!!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Choose a major you love and you won't have to work for a day in your life Because that major probably has no jobs (not an original)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	When is booger not a booger? When it('s not).
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the longest word in the dictionary? "Smiles" because there is a mile between each S!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	At the end of the Age of Dinosaurs what happened to the good ones? They got veloci-raptured.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Which Pokemon got a cold? Pik-a-choo.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call someone who's studied Old Norse literature and become an expert. Well edda-cated.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What instrument does God play? He plays the cello. As it says in scripture: "Our God is a cellist God."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a fly with no wings? A walk.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Want to hear a joke about a crappy restaurant? Nevermind, I'm afraid it may be in poor taste.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock knock Who's there? Abby. Abby who. A bee has stolen my wallet. (I will show my self out)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Which celebrity is great at creating probate documents? Will Smith
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why couldn't Joe be friends with a double-amputee? Because he's lack-toes intolerant.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you say when you find two banana peels together? Answer: A pair of slipper
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why cant college students take exams at the zoo? Too many cheetahs
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I saw this man and woman wrapped in a barcode... I asked, Are you two an item?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A photon walks into a hotel. The bellhop asks if he needs help with his bags. The photon says, "no, I'm travelling light. "
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If you're not buying kraft mac and cheese you might be buying an impasta.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you make a kleenex dance? You put a little Boogie in it!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	TV playback craziness [Through the eyes of Adrienne Hedger](https://www.facebook.com/HedgerHumor/photos/pb.630201143662377.-2207520000.1443863939./1179935295355623/?type=3&amp;theater). :)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a very religious person who sleep walks? A Roman Catholic.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I don't have a Facebook or Twitter account... ...so I just go around announcing out loud what I'm doing at random times. I've got 3 followers so far, but I think 2 are cops.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Soap addiction I used to be addicted to soap. But I'm clean now!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why is 6 afraid of 7? Because 7, 8, 9.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What Did Delaware? A brand New Jersey!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't you see penguins in Britain? Because they're afraid of Wales
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	New Internet acronym: RALSHMICOMN Rolling Around Laughing So Hard Milk Is Coming Out My Nose
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you kill a circus? You stab it in the juggler.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	More retailers should adopt the "Leave A Penny / Take A Penny" system. It is literally, common cents.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How much do pirates pay for earrings? about a buck an ear.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the boy throw a clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Which word is the longest in the English language? Smiles - because there is a mile between the first and last letters
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a person who farts in private? A private tutor
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the raisin take the prune to the new year's ball? Because he couldn't find a date!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the chicken soup cross the road? Because it was down hill!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one math book say to the other math book? We've got a lot of problems.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two competing podiatrists opened offices next door to each other... They were arch enemies. Edit: Spelling
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call fake German currency? Question marks
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a fat psychic? A four chin teller.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How does Harry Houdini tell people to steal stuff? Straight jack it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why can't you hear a pterodactyl urinate? Because of the silent P.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an Egyptian bone-setter? Cairo-practor.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My first job... My first job out of college was a "diesel fitter" at a pantyhose factory... As they came off the line, I would hold them up and say, "Yep, deez'll fit her!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the closed can say to the half opened can? YOU'RE BEING UNCANNY!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Whats the problem with tainted money? It taint yours and it taint mine :D (Puns for the win? :D)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call it when someone resuscitates a person who chokes on alcohol? La chaim-lich maneuver.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many minimalists does it take to screw in a light bulb? 1
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a loaf baked in a zoo? Bread in captivity.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where does a river keep it's money? At the bank.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What side of a turkey has the most feathers? The outside.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My teacher's nickname in school is Flush. He always has the same suit.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of dish does LeBron like? anything with curry in it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	There are 10 types of people in the world. Those who understand binary code and those who do not.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are the nordic countries the best countries to live in? Their flags are big plusses.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	When Captain Picard's sewing machine broke he brought it to the repairman and said... "make it sew."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My brother... Likes driving black and white F1 race cars. They call him the F1 racist.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is green, fuzzy, and will kill you if it falls out of a tree? A pool table. [Thanks, Wagon Train camper!]
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you make a tissue dance? You put a boogie in it! (Not sure of the spelling, heard it from someone).
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Who makes the sweetest video games? Masahiro Saccharide
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Someone dropped their Scrabble in the middle of the road... ...that's the word on the street anyway.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Harry Potter can't tell the difference between his cooking pot and his best friend. [X Post from r/Fantasy] They're both cauldron.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My dog chewed up my laptop... I guess he wanted a byte to eat! ^imagine ^this ^in ^zoidberg's ^voice
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't cats play poker in the jungle... ...theres too many cheet-ahs
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did Ernie say to Bert when he asked for ice-cream? Sure, Bert!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Ask your doctor if left is right for you.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the tank top more gangster than the tube top? The tube top was strapless.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	This boy said he was going to hit me with the neck of a guitar.... I said, Is that a fret?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Apple just released a brand new programming language, *Swift*. Job recruiters everywhere immediately started posting ads for Swift programmers with 5 years of experience.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Which way will it fall? If a rooster lays an egg on a pointed roof, which way will it land? Roosters don't lay eggs
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a cow with a twitch? Beef jerky
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'm naming my TV remote Waldo... ...for obvious reasons.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A platypus went into a hotel owned by a duck.. ..A platypus went into a hotel owned by a duck. Platypus ate food. Duck billed platypus
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Have you heard about the Black Magic book for orphans? It's called the necro**mom**icon
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a black and white bird that can't win, nor fly. A peng-lose.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you catch a unique rabbit? *unique* up on it!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	what keeps the lions from leaving the savannah the ele-fence
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Will you tell you the story of the huge sad wall? I shouldn't, you'll never get over it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where do you buy Pikmin from? The Oli-Mart
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where do literal dogs live? On the roof.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I just bought a Bonnie Tyler sat-nav. It keeps telling me to turn around, and every now and then it falls apart.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the Headless Horseman depressed? He could never seem to get ahead in life.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	everybody gets their 15 minutes of fame - so here's my first original joke! why is it impossible to surprise a snowman? .. he has ice in the back of his head
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between me and a calendar? A calendar has dates. #foreveralone
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What time does Sean Connery arrive at Wimbledon? Tennish
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock-knock... "Knock-knock" "Who's there?" "Control Freak - now you say 'Control Freak who?'" :)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the picture say to the Judge? I WAS FRAMED! I just now made that up. I feel good about this one! ~Skip
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Have you heard the one about the agnostic with dyslexia and insomnia? He tossed and turned all night wondering if there was a dog
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did Woodrow Wilson take a long time to turn around? Because he could only make 14 point turns.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	totally original joke/first post: What do you get when you play a Frank Sinatra record at twice the speed? "Shrank Sinatra"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How did Hitler tie his shoelaces? In cute little knotsies!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My first joke here and an original! Did you hear about the two lawyers who set up shop under the old oak tree? I heard it was a pretty shady business.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a discounted Zuckerberg? Marked down!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the floor say to the desk? I can see your drawers!
cleanjokes	whimsy	edgy	1	There were two flies sitting on a toilet seat... one got pissed off.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's a difference between a teacher and a train? The teacher tells you to spit you gum out. The train says, "Chew, chew, chew!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't blind people like skydiving? It scares the crap out of the dog.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The scientists a scientist went to a remote island with a dog in order to teach his speaking. Three years later, the scientist returns, and is asked about his experiment; he replied "woof, woof, woof"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a con-artist who minored in psychology? Sigmund Fraud
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's a pigs favorite muscle? The hamstring.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do fish think about air? It's UN-B-REATHABLE!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the hammer say to the drill? You're too boring.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did Sean Connery say when his books fell on his head? I blame my shelf
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did tomato blush? because it saw the salad dressing
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My biggest problem with passive smoking is having to follow the smoker around.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the traffic light say to the car? Don't look at me I'm changing.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is green, sings and can be found in the fridge? Elvis Parsley
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is Jackie Chan's favorite drink? Wata
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the Pelican say to the fish when he was running late for work? I'll catch you later!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a camel in Alaska? Lost.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	All these people getting emails from the Prince of Nigeria, I got one from an Egyptian Pharaoh... But it turned out to just be a pyramid scheme.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I love self deprecating humour. Shame I'm no good at it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Here's a funny joke I heard about pizza oh nevermind. It's too cheesy.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What Time Do You Go To The Dentist? Tooth - Hurty! XD
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock knock. Who's there? Doorbell technician.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If Mr. Bean lost one of his legs he'd be cannellini!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	When is the month when the most trees fall? Sep-timber
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a cow with three legs? Tri-tip.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How was Rome split in half? With a pair of *Caesars*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call Washington State after a long rain storm? Washed a Ton State. I woke up with that joke in my head this morning. My brain is weird. Had to share it with someone.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the one wall say to the other wall? "Meet you at the corner"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do beef hearts smell like? Honey.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many Romans does it take to screw in a light bulb? V.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do birds fly south for the winter? because its too far to walk!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is a traveler's favorite font? Times New Roamin'!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a nosey pepper? Jalapeno Business
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Science Jokes Thread on AskReddit! For your amusement: http://en.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/1auxsf/what_are_some_funny_scientific_jokes_that_you_know/
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was Cinderella thrown off the basketball team? *She ran away from the ball.*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the air freshener company go out of business? Because they lacked common scents...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	With a name like Freddy Mercury... shouldn't he have done heavy metal?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call someone who serves smelly drinks? a Fartender
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a group of Geometry classes? A geomeforest.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's red and is bad for your teeth? A brick
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How much did the pirate charge for corn? He sold them for a buccaneer.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A penguin walks into a bar... He goes up to the barman and says, "Have you seen my father in here today?" The barman says, "I don't know, what does he look like?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'm very keen I could tell he was bald at the drop of a hat.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	So I was feeling down the other day... My friend wanted to cheer me up, so he told me 10 jokes to make me feel better. Unfortunately, no pun in ten did.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do the French call artificial feet for cats? Faux Paws
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I just invented a new word! It's called "plagiarism".
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the host serve his guests for The Simpsons marathon night? Disco Stew!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the mechanic go to art school? Because he wanted to learn how to make a van go!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a fish with no eyes? ....a fssshhh...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of dog can do magic tricks? A labracadabrador.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	WHAT is Bruce Lee's favorite drink? WAH TAHH!!!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What other body parts did Voldemort not have apart from his nose? His legs and arms.. because he was disarmed and defeated.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A police officer bought a robot this robot was fueled by sodium and alkaline, but could only hold enough for 24 hours at a time. so every morning he had to charge it with a salt and battery.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of bee will not take credit for his contributions? A Humblebee.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a Vulcan lawnmower need to function? A spock plug.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the chicken cross the road? To show the opossum it could be done.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I would never exaggerate... ...in a million years.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	They told me I had type "A" blood... turns out it was a typo.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do ducks have flat feet? To stomp out forest fires. Why do elephants have flat feet? To stomp out flaming ducks.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a midget psychic that broke out of prison? A small medium at large!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The hairdresser's oath First, harm no 'do...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of pants does Super Mario wear? Denim Denim Denim
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A man once thought he'd discovered a new primary color but it proved to be merely a pigment of his imagination.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	You'd think that people who kept their head warm would tend to be healthier... but as it turns out, people who wear turbans are actually more likely to be Sikh
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a man with his big toe above his shin? Tony
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	what do you call a vampire that sucks mucus instead of blood? nose-feratu!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call someone who wears leather, likes bondage and likes getting inked? Moleskine
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between a piano, a tuna and a jar of glue? You: You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna! Person getting told joke: What about the glue? You: I knew you'd get stuck there!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why arent koalas actual bears? They dont meet the koalafications.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What was Dr Frankenstein's second job? He was a body-builder
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call somebody with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	This summer I'm going to go to the beach and bury metal objects that say, 'Get a life' on them. Demetri Martin
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I had a conversation with a Mobius strip... It was one-sided.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Coco The Clown took his car back to the garage this week. The door wouldn't fall off.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a pachyderm that sings jazz? Elephants Gerald
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How much do drum shaped sofas cost? 5 dollars per-cushion.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a cow jumping over a barbed wire fence? Utter destruction! !!!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did someone say "purple"? Sorry, it must have been a pigment of my imagination!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the blue denims say to the black denims? I guess we have different genes! *knee slap* ... I'll see myself to the door
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I just found out I'm colorblind It came out of the yellow.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Ever heard about that movie called Constipation? It never came out.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How does a plant walk? It uses a plant stand.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the two silk worms that got in a fight? It ended in a tie.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a midget psychic who just escaped from prison? A small medium at large
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why does Mr. Pencil hate Mr. Pen so much? Because he is an erascist.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I made a model aircraft. I wanted it to be an unpainted smooth finish wooden aircraft. So I made a plain planed plane plane.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happened to the Denver Broncos in the Super Bowl? They had a MetLife crisis. (that's the name of the stadium)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you pay for things in the Czech Republic? Cash or Czech Edit: a word
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What begins with E, ends with E, and has one letter? envelope
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, Bach, Bach, Bach ...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the packaged green onion get into trouble? Because it was a wrapped scallion.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What time do you go to the dentist? 2:30
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the kidnapping recently? The goatherd woke him up.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call two guys above a window? Curt 'n Rod
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the lettuce get arrested? ...for disturbing the peas!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happened to the tyrannical fruit? He was impeached!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the corduroy pillow? You didn't hear? It made headlines!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Today, the doctor told me that the bottom of my heart has stopped functioning. My girlfriend will be disappointed; that's the part I loved her from.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you make gold soup? You use 14 carrots.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's my New Year resolution? Well, I just got a Hi-Def TV, so it's 1920 X 1080i.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How does a cactus do his math homework? He uses a cacti-lator!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's an oven's favorite comedy routine? Deadpan.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two balloons are floating across the desert One balloon says to the other, Look out for the cactussssssssssssssssssss!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	linuxmint 13 or 15 question why does 13 have lts and not newer versions?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	why was Pavlov's hair so soft? classical conditioning.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the slab of meat say when it was covered in salt and left out to dry? "I'm cured!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an animal that goes through your trash and tells great stories? A raccoonteur.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'm making a band! I started a band called 999 Megabytes...we havent gotten a gig yet.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call thrusting a hairy rod in and out of your mouth really fast then afterwards spitting out a white liquid? Brushing your teeth
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why doesn't the sun need to go to University? He's too bright.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the turtle cross the road? To get to the nearest Shell Station!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Do you know why one side of the the V formation of geese in flight is longer than the other side? Because It has more geese in it!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's a pirates favorite letter? You think it's the "R" but it's really the "C". Happy talk like a pirate day!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the Native American who went to a party and drank 37 cups of tea? They found him dead the next morning in his tea pee.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the elephant say to the horn-less rhino? "Rhino horn?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do porcupines play leapfrog? Very carefully
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where does the General keep his armies? In his sleevies.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many Super Saiyans does it take to change a lightbulb? Just 1 but it will take 3 episodes.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call 99 bunnies walking forward and they take one step backwards? A receding hare line.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of jeans do ghosts wear? Boo Jeans
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What should you do before criticizing Pac-Man? WAKA WAKA WAKA mile in his shoes
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a father who was kidnapped in Iraq? A Baghdad.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What has six eyes but cannot see? Three men in a house with dirty dishes in the sink, laundry that needs to be folded and kids that need a bath
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do Egyptians do when their mass transit breaks down? Get Anubis.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between unlawful and illegal? Unlawful is against the law and illegal is a sick bird.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How long did it take for the police to catch the man running in his underwear? It was a brief chase...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do call a horse that lives near you? A neighbor (naybor for pessimist horses)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A termite walks into a pub And asks "where's the bar tender?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of birds stick together? Vel-crows
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happens when you get some vinegar in your ear? You suffer from pickled hearing!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A sad can goes to get recycled. He was soda-pressed.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does Drew Carey have in his driveway? Cleveland Rocks!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't you want your nose to be 12 inches long? because then it would be a foot!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Branson My wife and I went to Branson, Missouri. I think our hotel caters to senior citizens because it had a free incontinental breakfast.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A long joke jooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooke
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	ABCDEFGHIJKMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ Noel.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Kids, I don't know if our ceiling is the best ceiling... ...but it's definitely up there.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the hula hoop a great boxer? It could go round for round.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	how do you make 7 even? remove the "s"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What gets longer the more you cut it at both ends? A ditch.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where does dubious pasta come from? The spaghetto. I can't take all the credit, however: I heard the word from [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/xdp4k/the_gaydar/c5lnkep) guy
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the chicken kicked out of class? For using *fowl* language.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	At least I now know why the lions leave the plains before the end of summer. Because the Pride goeth before the Fall.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an economist at an amusement park who is just sitting around? A lazy fair goer!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How did the prostitute get promoted? She slept her way to the top!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the space between two tiles say? I AM GROUT
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you say to the Montana barista when they overfill your chamomile? Beautiful
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's green and fuzzy and can kill you if it falls from a tree? A pool table.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it. :)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Wanna hear a construction joke? I'm working on it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do gamers plant in their garden? Skill trees! **Dances wildly with top hat and cane**
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's an idealist vegetarian's favorite meal? Peas and hominy
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Who's bad at baseball but fun at parties? A pitcher filled with margaritas!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you get when you mix two chains and a cow? Truuuuuuuuuuu-moooooooooooooooooo!!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do elephants hide behind trees? To trip ants.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I can make a movie with my hand. All it takes is a FLICK of the wrist!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I am not pro gay. I am not even amateur gay. But, I support their rights.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	why didn't the american leek want to talk to the japanese leek? because it was negi
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I hate girls with double standards unless they're pretty
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the lazy surgeon say to his patient? Suture self!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I have found that there are three kinds of people; Those who can count and those who can't.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I made half a cup of tea the other day... It was so nice I had two.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did peanut butter flop at the talent show? He didn't have the right jam.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh? Tentacles.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where do Cows go for parties? The Moovies
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many Saiyans does it take to change a lightbulb? Just one, but it takes 5 episodes.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the schizophrenic accounts manager? He couldn't help but hear invoices inside his head.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	[My Joke] Why do galaxies put on boring shows while separated? Because their performance is lack-cluster.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock Knock...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	There is a special species of bird that is really good at holding stuff together... They're called velcrows.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are jokes about rotten eggs banned? Because they're infeggtious
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What side dish do frogs like to enjoy with their hamburgers? French Flies!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do cows do for fun? They go to the mooooo-vies.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the puppy get away with committing murder? ...He had paws-able deniability.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	There once was a jealous zombie... But he ate his heart out.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a ubiquitous spud? A common-tater!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was Cinderella banned from playing sports? Because she always ran away from the ball &lt;p&gt; My favorite joke since I was little
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Want to hear a joke about pizza? Never mind, it's probably too cheesy.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What has a bottom at the top? Your legs.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What type of grain uses profanity? Vulgar Wheat
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a penguin with a smoking problem? It's a puffin!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did they call the Pillsbury Doughboy after he hurt his leg? Limp Biscuit
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Better be named after what? If you had to choose, would you prefer having a disease named after you, or be named after your mother in law?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I know a woman who owns a taser... Let me tell you, she's stunning!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the neutron who was arrested? He was held without charge.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Have you ever heard the one about the dust bunny and the mud pie? Well then sorry, I only tell clean jokes.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the tomato blushing? Because it saw the salad dressing.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My buddy said he'd give his right arm to be ambidextrous I can only admire such dedication.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the skeleton not attend prom? He had no body to go with.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the owl afraid of Raidoactivity Because it was made of Hootonium
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many US Congressmen does it take to change a lightbulb? Oh, please. Like they've ever changed anything that needed it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call soup that you've found a hair in? Rabbit Soup :D
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a woman with one leg? Eileen
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two birds are sitting on a perch. One bird says to the other, "Do you smell fish?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A man wanted to name his son a very long name... ...so he named him Miles
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What killed the guy ordering at an Italian restaurant? He'd had trouble deciding to go with the appetizers or entrees, but eventually he went antipasto way.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'm tired of people calling America the dumbest country in the world Quite frankly, I think Europe is!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say upon being asked to star in a Broadway production about the world's greatest composers? I'll be Bach. Sorry.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the owner of the Indian restaurant say when he burned all of his bread? "Don't worry, it's a naan issue."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Who was the most important Knight of the Round Table? Sir Cumference.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did Beethoven kill off his chickens? They kept saying, "Bach, Bach, Bach."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the bigamist cross the road? To get to the other bride.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the fox cross the road? It was chassing after the chicken!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the man throw his watch out the window? He wanted to see time fly!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why is ok to leave the lid off a basket of socialist crabs? Because whenever one of them climbs to the top, the others drag it back down.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the banker leave his job? he lost interest
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a cashew in space? An astronut.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are some chillies nosy? They're jalapeno business
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock? "Look grandpa, no hands!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call it when you dip poultry and beef in chocolate? Brown-chichen-Brown-cow
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happens when your cousin eats all the Pumpkin pie on Thanksgiving? Plump kin!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why does the Pope only eat munchkins? Cause they're the holy part of the donut!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock, Knock... Who's there? The K.G.B. The K.G.B. wh... **SLAP**! WE are K.G.B., WE will ask questions!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is a vampire's favorite fruit? a Neck-tarine --From a great co-worker
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	"So Sherlock..." asked Watson, "I forget, what was your highest degree of education?" "Elementary, my dear Watson."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did Descartes say while shopping online? I think therefore I Amazon
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does r/The_Donald call its rule list? The MAGA Carta
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A cow fell off a truck in Russia Apparently he hadn't been Put in properly.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a flower in Florida? Orlando Bloom.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an Egyptian doctor who works on peoples backs? A Cairopractor!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the dog go into the water? Because he didn't want to be a hot dog.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why'd the hipster burn his mouth on his coffee? Because he drank it before it was cool.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie from drowning? He was *too far out, maaan*.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If you have bladder problems. Urine trouble.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where did the general keep his armies? In his sleevies!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did Cholera say to Malaria? Are you gonna Jaundice on Saturday?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Q)What will you call a person who sleeps next to a close relative? A) NapKin
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Scary Halloween Joke **Person 1:** Knock knock! **Person 2:** Who's there? **Person 1:** A GHOST!!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Who invented fractions? Henry the 1/8
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's cold and scary?! I-scream!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the rooster happy after his trip to Vegas? He got clucky.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the judge ask when he went to the dentist? Do you swear to pull the tooth, the whole tooth and nothing but the tooth?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are horses never overweight? They're on a stable diet.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why does not a forth-grader ever take the bus home? Because he knew his parents will make him return it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was Farmer Bob so good at his job? Because he was outstanding in his field
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a fish who works for the government? An Official.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why didn't the Duke of Windsor let his French servant help him tie his tie? He never does it with a four-in (foreign)-hand.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the bald man draw rabbits all over his head? From a distance they look like hares!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I went to a shredded cheese convention the other day... it was grate
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is ISIL's favourite dessert? Terrormisu
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Wanna hear two short jokes and a long joke? Joke joke jooooke!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happened to the runny nose... it tripped and fell. Now it's all boogered up.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Four years ago, I asked out the girl of my dreams. Today, I asked her to marry me. She said no both times. (not an original)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a cavator that isnt a cavator anymore? an EXcavator
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the strawberry cry? Because his mother was in a jam.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	People dont like having to bend over to get their drinks... We really need to raise the bar.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I fear for the calendar... ...its days are numbered.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	why are there fences around graveyards? people are just dying to get in there these days.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	One Eskimo said to the other, "Where is your mother from?" The second Eskimo says "Alaska."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why can't a Pirate make it through their ABC's? They always get lost at C.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Jesus wrote a play about a tornado. It was an Act of God.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the blonde do when she discovered that most accidents happen within a mile from home? She moved.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the girltree fall in love with the boy tree? He was sappy
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I went to a seafood disco last week... ...and pulled a mussel.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the pie go to the dentist? It needed a filling.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	(True story) So my friend saw me browsing this subreddit and he said... "Is this a subreddit for really bad jokes?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Superman and Eyore had a baby. The baby's name? Supereyore
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What cheese do you use to get a bear out of a tree? Camembert!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you know that it's traditional to serve Eggs Benedict on a hubcap? There's no plate like chrome for the Hollandaise.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a deep-sea diving dog? Scuba - Doo!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where did the fish go when it needed an operation? To the sturgeon
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My English teacher got really angry about the format of my essay. It wasn't justified.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Starcraft: Why did the marine vote for the dragoon? He was Protoss
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you get if you cross an elephant with a fish? Swimming trunks
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where is Engagement, Ohio? Between Dayton and Marion.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why is Ireland the richest country in the world? Because it's capital is always Dublin.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Can you tell me what you call a person from Corsica? Course a can.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How did the metal get the wrong idea? He was misled.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	So today is Star Wars day May the fourth be with you!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	what happens if you drink 3.14 liters of water? you will Pi ss
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A WWII Joke! What did the German Shepherd say at his Nuremberg trial? "I was just following odors."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do cows like to put on their hot dogs? moostard
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the cow go to the psychologist? She had a fodder complex.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the knife quit? It couldn't CUT IT! woohoo! I made this one up while sitting at a buffet table. Enjoy! ~Skip
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's George Washington's least favorite flower? Li[e]-lacs!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why should you avoid people dressed as celery? They could be stalking you!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Wanna hear a joke about Nitric Oxide ? NO
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the strongest letter in the alphabet? ***P*** Even Superman can't hold it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call it when your wife brings you rice porridge in prison? Congee-gal visit
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the dinosaur cross the road? Because the chicken didn't exist.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why does a rapper need an umbrella? Fo' drizzle.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did Tennessee? What Arkansas.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My son decided to help me clean the car today. After ten minutes of watching him, I told him to use some elbow grease. Two hours later, the idiot came back and told me that he couldn't find it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a group of Combi's? A Combi nation!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you get down from an elephant? You don't, you get down from a duck
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose... But you can't pick your friend's nose
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Which whiskey should you buy if you want to dance all night? Wild Twerky!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why couldn't the hunter cook breakfast? The game warden found out he poached his eggs!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I went to an ATM... I was at an ATM this morning and this older lady asked me to help check her balance, so I pushed her over.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How much does a truck full of bones weigh? A skeleTon
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't cats play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A skeleton walks into a bar... Asks for a beer and a mop.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an atheist bone? A blasfemur.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you catch a one-of-a-kind rabbit? Unique up on it. How do you catch a very calm rabbit? The tame way.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Will Smith's website isn't responding. What do you do? Refresh Prince of Bel Air.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What the the electrician say to his buddy? Watts up?!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many South Americans does it take to change a lightbulb? A Brazilian.... I'll get my coat...
cleanjokes	whimsy	edgy	1	How do you catch a bra? You set a booby trap.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	April showers bring May flowers, but what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Which cheese is the loneliest? Prov-alone!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear the joke about the fast car? I would tell you but I think you're too slow to get it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the twinkie go to the dentist? He lost his filling!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How does a fish always know how much they weigh? Because they have their own scales!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does music have to do with safety? If you don't C sharp, you'll B flat.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why is there very little honey in Belgium? Because there is only one B in Belgium
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many goals did Germany score? gerMANY
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the elephant turn around in the airport and go home? He forgot to pack his trunk.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two fish are in a tank... Two fish are in a tank... First one says: I'll drive! Second one says: "I'll man the guns!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How many hipsters does it take to change a light bulb? it's a pretty obscure number.... i'm sure you haven't heard of it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What celebrity never payed with a cheque or credit? Johnny Cash.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is a pair of sheep's favorite instrument? Two-Baaas.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	You know why ancient Greek children were always getting lost from their parents? 'Cause they kept Roman around!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Have you heard about that hot Thai lounge singer? Yeah. They call him *Frank Sriracha.*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	...walks into a bar... A golfer, a priest and a lawyer walk into a bar. The bartender looks up and asks, "What is this? Some kind of joke?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Other uses for chloroform 1) A great conversational piece when talking to the cops about using it 2) Make the day go by faster 3) And finally, as a reagent.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Cars Why do lazy people only drive automatics? Because they're shiftless.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why is Yoda afraid of seven? Because six seven eight.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why couldn't the pirate learn the alphabet? Because he was always lost at C.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	College My son took Rock Climbing in college but he had to drop the class. He couldn't find any "Cliff Notes."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is the cheapest part of a boat? The part with the sail in it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was the egg kicked out of the comedy club? Because he was telling bad yolks!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	You know what's the problem with Mexican and black jokes? If you've heard Juan, you've heard Jamaal.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The signature dish of a restaurant called the Twisted Rooster: Mobius Chicken Strips.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one math book say to the other? Don't bother me; I've got my own *problems!*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are giraffes slow to apologize? It takes them a long time to swallow their pride
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Velcro What a rip off. Joke by Tim Vine.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't melons ever run away and get married? Because they cantaloupe!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Like most people my age... I'm 27.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two fish in a tank Fish 1:Uh, Greg? Fish 2:What Fish 1:How do we drive this thing
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the Italian chef that died? He pasta way.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the bacteria cross the microscope? To get to the other slide
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I read a story about a kid that ate 4 cans of alphabet soup in one sitting... It said that he later had a massive vowel movement. Maybe a dirty joke.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Tasted the best Borscht ever! It'll be hard to beet.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The Fine Bros. 'React' announcement was like a television with no antenna. Poor reception.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do call a horse that lives near you? A naybor
cleanjokes	whimsy	edgy	1	What kind of bees make milk? Boobies.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does Mario use to get his hot dogs off the grill? He uses his Donkey Tongs.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	"We don't serve time travelers here" A time traveler walks into a bar.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you kill bread? Bake it for a little while, and it will be toast.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an imaginary color? A pigment of your imagination.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the mathematician who hated negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call security guards working outside Samsung shops? Guardians of the Galaxy
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call cheese that is by itself? Provolone
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I just got a job helping a one arm typist do capital letters... Its shift work.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why does a Bicycle have a kickstand? Because it's two tired.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Which side of a horse has the most hair? The OUTSIDE! oh-my-goodness, that's hilarious! ~Skip
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I went in to a pet shop and said, Can I buy a goldfish? The guy said, Do you want an aquarium? I said, I dont care what star sign it is.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Noah wasn't much for civilized society . . . You could say he was an-arc-ist.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two silk worms had a race. They ended up in a tie.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a sheep covered in chocolate? A candy baa
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you do if you see a spaceman? You park in it, man.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did Trump insist on Hillary Clinton as Secretary of state? He doesn't believe women should get above secretary
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I was wondering why the frisbee was getting bigger. And then it hit me.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the Buffalo say when his child left for college? Bison
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you keep an idiot in suspense? I'll tell you later.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Batman doesn't have nightmares Nightmares have batman
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Charles Dickens walks into a bar... and orders a martini. The bartender asks "olive 'er twist?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Nickelback walks into a bar.... So Nickelback walks into a bar, and there is no punchline, because ruining music isn't funny.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	So a polar bear walks into a bar... and says, "I'll have a gin.....and tonic" The bartender says, "What's with the big pause?" And the polar bear says, "Oh, I've always had them."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Mom asked if I wanted to race toy cars with my neighbor Chucky. I responded, "Nah, that's child's play."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you find in a cloud's shorts? Thunderpants!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the SSD burn a flag? Because it was a Patriot Blaze
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Difference between a dead squirrel and a dead drummer in the road? http://imgur.com/PKibj The squirrel might have been on his way to a gig.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	By shear coincidence... ...all these sheep look the same...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Finally decided on my thesis paper. It's a LOTR themed essay in defense of Sauron Titled "Getting away with Mordor"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a bee from the wrong side of town? A bumblegee
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did Mrs. Grape leave Mr. Grape? She was tired of raisin kids.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does batman take in his whiskey? Just ice.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A Stick
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A guy walks into a bar Ouch
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the scale decide that the scam artists were heavier than the novels? Because the cons outweighed the prose.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Im trying to get into classical music... ...but I cant find any original recordings. All the music is performed by cover bands.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did aged mother cheddar say to her son the day of school photos? Looking sharp.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why does a chicken coop have two doors? Because if it had four it would be a chicken sedan!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Note for Santa Dear Santa, Please give me a big fat bank account and a slim body. Please don't mix those two up like you did last year. Thanks.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why was Pavlov's hair so soft? He conditioned it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's an atheist's favorite Christmas movie? Coincidence on 34th Street
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call someone who makes a lot of money through deforestation of the Amazon? A Brazillionaire!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Whats Marios favorite type of jeans? denim denim denim!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the 0 say to the 8? Let's make a snowman!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Have a very Joseph Christmas! We shouldn't discriminate by sex, you know.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Never try to kill a termite with a napkin. It'll only get bigger.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one nose say when the other nose said "I love you"? "Back achoo!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Hope you guys like clean humor videos https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kNt-aTq0hxM
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't blind people like to skydive? Because it scares the dog.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two guys walk into a bar... the third one ducks.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the french butter say when it got stocked in the cooler? Beurre... I came up with this today while grocery shopping. I'm ridiculously pleased with myself.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the dog sleep on the chandelier? Because he was a light sleeper.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happens when a spoon and fork get into a fight? civilwar
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My grandma refused to be an organ donor. She was buried with all of her musical instruments.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you count cows? With a cowculator.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I dig, she dig, we dig, he dig, they dig, you dig ... Maybe not a funny joke but at least it is deep.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a burial chamber full of Moose? Moosoleum.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Mints I was eating mint chocolates and I felt sick after eight.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A Polar Bear walks into a cafe He says, "I'll have a burger and.... a coke." The waitress says, "Okay. But, why the long pause?" The bear says, "I don't know. I was born with them."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the hot dogs name their child? Frank
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I may be middle-class, but I'm hard. *Al dente*, you might say. **Jimmy Carr**
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you say when you see three whales? Whale whale whale, what do we have here?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did Cinderella say while waiting for her photos? Someday my prints will come
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the fish say when it hit the concrete wall? Dam
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My Bucket List * ~~Five gallon bucket~~ * ~~Mop bucket~~ * Bucket hat
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an old soldier who has been sprinkled in salt and pepper? A seasoned veteran.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The fast food restaurant for babies. "Welcome to Gerber King, may I take your order?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one frog say to the other? Time's fun when you're having flies.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic? Halfway.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Want to hear a dirty joke? This boy trips and falls into some mud.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	No matter how much you push the envelope... ...it's still stationery.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My buddy went to a foreign country to get his sex change operation. Now he's a dude who's abroad.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A vampire stopped coming to my nightly poker games. All I said was that he made too many mistakes...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the most beautiful thing in Advanced Physics? A passing grade. :)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago... ...and so far, all it's been doing is gathering dust.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where do you drown a hipster? The Mainstream.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? (x-post from /r/3amjokes) [It's pasture bedtime!](http://www.reddit.com/r/3amjokes/comments/1y8d67/what_did_the_mama_cow_say_to_the_baby_cow/)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the man with one hand cross the road? To get to the second hand shop!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	An invisible man marries an invisible woman... The kids were nothing to look at either.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the creepy scientist say to his new creepy wife? Let's grow MOLD together!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Never trust an atom They make up everything
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	When you cook duck you should always add a little bit of goose It makes a game out of every bite.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A pair of mittens says to a hat, "I'll stay here, you go on a head"
cleanjokes	whimsy	edgy	1	What is black, bitter and dont work worth a damn? Decaf coffee
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock, Knock... Who's there? Peas. Peas who? *Peas pass the butter*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My "go to" zoo joke I tell this to my wife and kids every time we go to a zoo... Q. What do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino? A. Elephino
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the chicken cross the road half-way? She wanted to lay it on the line.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I knew this guy who was so dumb... he saw a road sign that said, "Disney Land Left", so he turned around and went home.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'm not really sure I'm understanding this financial crisis in Greece... It's all Greek to me.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happened when porky pig fell asleep at his construction job? The foreman fired him, saying, 'We can't have bored boars boring boards.'
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about that spicy knight? Sir Acha.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	There once was a girl from Nantucket... Who carried her ice in a bucket. She walked down a hill. She had a great spill. And when she got up, she said, "I'm going to watch my step next time!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are bears so hairy ? They don't have salons in the jungle !
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot is faster. Anyone can catch a cold.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Do you think George Clooney has an iTunes playlist called Clooney Tunes?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I was going to go to a clairvoyants meeting the other day but.... it was cancelled due to unforeseen events.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Joke request Tell me your best joke that includes "July" "fourth" and "fire" Let's see what you've got, Reddit!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is black, white, and red all over? A Communist Propaganda film from the 1930s.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	[OC c/o my 9 y.o.] What holds up a bowl's pants? Suspoonders!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I don't like going to funerals early in the day. I'm not much of a mourning person.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happens when breed a shark and snowman? You get a frostbite!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Which letter of the alphabet is the laziest? letter G (lethargy)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Which day do chickens fear most? Fryday.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the knob say to the door? I LOCK you a lot! yep, its corny, indeed, but... I'm tryin'! ~Skip
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Shout out to... ...baseball players who have three strikes.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	why do they call them light bulbs? they don't weigh very much
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's a reporter's favorite food? Ice cream because they always want a scoop!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the scarecrow win the Nobel prize? He was outstanding in his field.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Is your refrigerator running? Well, you better get glasses, and stop doing drugs
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A stamp collector walks into a bar... He walks up to the hostess and says, "You're more beautiful than any stamp in my collection" She replied, "Philately will get you nowhere."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I personally don't believe in bros before hoes or hoes before hoes.. There needs to be a balance. A homie-hoe-stasis
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My dad's not an alcoholic... ...He just collects empty bottles, sounds so much better, doesn't it? ~ Stewart Francis
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I believe a lot of conflict in the Wild West could have been avoided completely... ...if cowboy architects had just made their towns big enough for everyone.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Q) What do you call a group of 8 rabbits? A) Rabbyte!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is a bacteria's OTHER favorite dish? The PETRI dish!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a productive Asian? China get something done.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do ghosts carry tissues? Because they have BOOOOgers.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two pretzels.. Two pretzels went walking down the street, one was "assaulted"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is the Sun's favorite candy? Starburst! Another one from my 9 year old. I don't know where he gets it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I just met someone who was a steam-roller operator. He was such a flatterer.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the chicken cross the road? To get away from Gordon ramsey
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the turkey say to the turkey hunter? "Quack, quack, quack."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is the difference between a man and a cat? One eats a lot, is lazy and doesnt care who brings the food. The other is a pet.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you confuse a fish? You put it in a bowl and tell it go to a corner!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Have you guys ever heard of the crazy Mexican Train Killer? He had...... Loco Motives
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Do you know why there's no casinos in Africa? Because there's too many CHEETAHS!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	what did the zero say to the eight? nice belt
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	They laughed when I said I wanted to be a comedian. Well, no ones laughing now.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I just heard because of the government shutdown government archeologists are working with a skeleton crew.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do abcdefghijklmopqrstuvwxy &amp; z hate hanging out with the letter n? Because n always has to be the center of attention.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why couldn't Bach pay for his dinner? Because he was Baroque.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is the difference... What is the difference between unlawful and illegal? One is against the law and the other is a sick bird.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one ocean say to the other? Nothing, they just waved.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's made of brass and sounds like Tom Jones? Trombones!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the Wise Man get 25 to life? Myrrhder
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a dinosaur FBI agent? A pteredacted.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the fish say when it ran into the wall? Dam
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	16 sodium atoms walk into a bar followed by Batman.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well dessed man on a bicycle? Attire...!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the pilot say when his plane wasn't flying? "Aw man, that's a drag."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I asked my soap who it voted for, it said... I'd lather not say! note: This one came to me in the shower just now, gotta go back in now. Oh, the irony! I think. ~Skip
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the coffee file a police report? Because it was mugged.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How does the man in the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How did the burglar get into the house? Intruder window
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two chimps are in the bath One says "ooh oooh eek eek" The other one says "well put some cold water in then!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do ducks do at Christmas time? They duckerate cookies.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a dead fly? a flew
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock knock. Who's there? Interrupting cow. Interrup........ MOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! [Works best IRL](/spoiler)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What di you call a snowman in may? A puddle!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a white supremacist who doesn't eat meat? A vegitaryan
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How is a rabbit similar to a plum? they are both purple, except for the rabbit.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why are there no midget accountants? They always come up short.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a noisy Chinese dog? How-Ling (my dad wanted me to post this)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why can't you hear a pterodactyl in the bathroom ... because the "p" is silent
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How did the Pillsbury Dough Boy Die? A Yeast Infection
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a native american cook a sioux chef
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I said bring your coffee maker whenever you want Them: great headphones on planes is heavier than flying over TEAs
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A poem for Valentine's day Roses are red Poppies are red The grass is red Oh no my yard is on fire
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the dad buffalo say when his offspring left for college? Bison
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you get Pikachu on the bus? Poke 'em on!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a fish that operates on brains? A brain sturgeon.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The reason angels can fly... ...is that they take themselves lightly. **G. K. Chesterton**
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'm in the terminator musical. I'll be Bach.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I try not to spend too much time online... ...but Wi-Fight it?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does December have that other months dont have? The letter D.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the best way to capitalize on an opportunity? ON AN OPPORTUNITY
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's green, fuzzy, and if it falls out of a tree it'll kill you? A pool table.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A termite walks into a bar... And asks the nearest person "Hey, is the bar tender here?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I tired playing soccer But I couldn't get a kick out of it.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the priest say when watering his garden? Let us spray.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How did the musician catch his fish? He castanet
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a plastic sheep? Lambinated!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I need this plant to grow. Well, water you waiting for?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Book, you look so much thinner! I know! I had my appendix removed!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Have you been injured in a car accident? call 555-bottom-feeders. We will do anything for money.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the stallion and the mare? They had a stable relationship.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What are two doctors with colds An ironic Paradox.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you get when you cross Kansas with a vulture? Carrion my wayward son
cleanjokes	whimsy	nsfw	1	How do you know it's time to go to bed? Hitler is raping you!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a Romanian grocery clerk? Scanthesku
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a fear of horned bovines? Aurochnophobia.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What haircut did the Texan barber recommend when asked? He couldn't think of anything, and said "I'll mullet over"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	[OC] How does Gandhi measure passive resistance? In oooooohms.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why is Kim Jong Un like todays music? They both ain't got the same Seoul.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I knew this guy who would ask men at church, "is your tie made out of bird cloth?" &lt;blank stare&gt; "It's cheep, cheep, cheep."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happened when the carrot died? There was a huge turnip at the funeral.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the P is silent
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do librarians like the wind? It says, "Shhh!" all day!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	One potato asks another: -"Are you sure we are related?" -"Yes I yam!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Who is the only superhuman Frozone can't deal with? Thor.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't bears wear boots? Cos they like to walk around in their bear feet.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	There's 10 kind of people in the world. Those who know binary and those who don't.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call the object Attila the Hun uses to brush his leg hair? A Hun knee comb.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Words can't possibly describe how beautiful you are... But numbers can 4/10
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What are twins favorite fruits? Pears
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the guy who fell into an upholstery machine? Now he's fully recovered.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the moron's house. *knock knock* ^^Whose ^^there? *the chicken...*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the wave fail the driving test? It kept crashing on the beach.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one earthquake say to the other? Hey, it's not my fault.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I bought some shoes from a drug dealer, I don't know what he laced them with but I have been tripping all day. --My amazing girlfriend told me this one
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Request: Jokes for the sick? I have a good friend who was just hospitalized, hopefully nothing too serious. I'd love to send him a few short, clean jokes to cheer him up. Thanks!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why would no one listen to the percussion section? Because they couldn't drum up enough support.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of bee can never be understood? A mumble-bee.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between Botox and Borax? Two letters.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A broom only likes one brand of comedy. Dustpan.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If you bury someone in the wrong place then you have made a grave mistake.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A man walks into a fancy dress party carrying a woman on his back... The host asks the man why this is so. "Oh, I'm a tortoise and this is Michelle" says the man.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	There's only one problem with reading articles about space based technology It all goes waaaay over my head.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Pac-Man What should you do before you criticize Pac-Man? WAKA WAKA WAKA mile in his shoes.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a bag of rice and an onion do when they get into a fast car? They pilaf. I'll show my way out
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Want to hear a joke about pizza? Never mind it is too cheesy.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the Triangle say to the Circle? "Your life is pointless."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	HELP! We need your best joke you have! We will choose the best joke and make a video of it, just for you!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I heard a great joke about a boomerang earlier. I'm sure it will come back to me eventually.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the pony say when he had a sore throat? Pardon me, I'm just a little hoarse.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'm good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet... I don't know why.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's pink and fluffy? Pink fluff. Whats blue and fluffy? Pink fluff holding its breath
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's Sam Smith's favorite type of nut? [It's an alllllllllmond](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fB63ztKnGvo&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=37s)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the koala bear say to the barber? You ca-lip this?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What city loves to eat sandwiches? Koldcutta
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why aren't sumos chummy with racecar drivers? They move in different circles.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call shaving a crazy sheep? Shear madness.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why don't tennis players get married? Because to them love means nothing.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I thought I had a brain tumor but then I realized it was all in my head.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you know that 1 in every doll, in every doll, in every doll, in every doll are Russian?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Today's my cake day! And I'm going to eat it too!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you kill a vampire from the South? With a chicken fried stake
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two atoms walk into a bar... One says, "Oh no, I've lost an electron." The other asks, "Are you sure?" "Yeah, I'm positive!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is robot jazz called? Beep Boop Bop!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My Girlfriend told me she didn't want anything for Birthday I didn't give her anything :O #ThugLife
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What have you got if your pet kangaroo gets into molasses and Indian curry? An Indian goo roo
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I would think you'd have to be open minded... ...to be a brain surgeon.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I fell off a forty foot ladder today.... lucky I was on the bottom rung.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where did Napoleon Bonaparte keep his armies? In his sleevies.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	what did socrates learn from the T-rex? i dino
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do ducks have webbed feet? To stomp out fires. Why do elephants have flat feet? To stomp out the burning ducks.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do cows like on their hotdogs? MOOstard.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Broom advocates for cleaner work environment.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I was watching a TV program on various Religious orders and how the use stringed instruments. I was appalled by the amount of sects and violins!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If you give a mouse a cookie.. If you give a mouse a cookie.. Why are you giving a mouse any food? That's unsanitary.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happens if you pass gas in church? You have to sit in your own pew.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I have to find a new personal trainer. He didn't do squat(s).
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Wanna hear a dirty joke? A white horse fell in a mud puddle.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A funny bird is the pelican His beak can hold more than his belly can He can hold in his beak Enough for a week And I don't know how the heck he can!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where do dinosaurs get their pickles from? Vlasic Park
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between a fish and a guitar? You can't tuna fish!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call two crows? Attempted murder.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a t-shirt with stalks of wheat on it? A crop top!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a cow with 2 legs? Lean beef.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is the scientific name for a crippled tyrannosaurus rex ? Tywalkasoreus Rex
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What type pf culture is most peaceful and never gets angry? Nomads!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I tried to change my password to 14days... The computer said it was two week.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	2 fish in a tank, one says to the other Do you know how to drive this thing?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock knock - Who's there? - Impatient cow. - Impatient co- - He already left.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why were the Libyans eating money? They were having dinar.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why can't you hear it when a pteranodon goes to the bathroom? Because they're all dead.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	why was the rabbit promoted to brewmaster? All his beers had a lot of hops
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is Captain Ahab's favorite reggae band? Bob Marley and The Whalers!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where did the mistletoe go to become rich and famous? Hollywood.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	bad scary film I was watching a really poorly done scary movie last night, it was horrorble.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did batman say to robin before robin got in the car? get in the car
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the strawberry go out with the pineapple? Because he couldn't get a date!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the buddhist refuse novocaine when he went to get a tooth pulled? He wanted to transcend dental medication.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happens when you don't serve drinks at a party? There's no punch line.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I just read this article about short term memory I don't remember what it was about
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the farmer that fell into the field machine and lost half his body? He's all right now! :-)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Accidental Seafood I tried dolphin once...but not on porpoise.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did you hear about the wedding between the two antenna? The service was terrible, but the reception was great.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What state do most people live in? Denial. Myself included.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do space rocks taste better than earth rocks? Because they are a little meteor
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a hawk call a high ledge A *falcony!*
cleanjokes	whimsy	nsfw	1	What did the German policeman say to his nipples? You are under a vest!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Someone talked to me today about having two X chromosomes. Typical woman.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If you're American, when are you not American? When European. Or when you're Russian. Any more? :)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A mathematician was constipated, how did he solve his problem? He worked it out with a pencil and paper.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a barbarian you can't see? an Invisigoth.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Where did the seaweed... Where did the seaweed find a job? In the "Kelp Wanted" section of the want-ads.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Who is the roundest knight at King Arthur's table? Sir Cumference.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I know a guy who collects candy canes... ...they are all in mint condition.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. I can't put it down.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do the French like eating snails? Because they can't stand fast food!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What does a Jedi say after a tragic loss of life? "May my thoughts be with them".
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call an alien in a swamp? A MARSHian
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Will Smith joke How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for fresh prince...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	One time, a cow saved my life It was bovine intervention.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why should you always knock before opening the refrigerator? Because there might be an Italian dressing.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the rubber band factory worker say when he was fired? Oh snap!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the rap battle champion get the most spacious and accessible seat on the bus? Because of his dis-ability.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	We always bought our cars used, this one was as black as the night- -that is, until we washed it!!!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I feed my cat lemons. He's a real sour puss.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I thought the dryer shrank my clothes.. turns out it was the refrigerator
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I was driving today... And saw a sign that said, "Steamed Crabs". I began to wonder: "What made them so mad?"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. It got so bad, finally I had to take his bike away.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call someone who points out the obvious? Someone who points out the obvious.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a Mexican with a rubber toe? Rubber-Toe! (Roberto)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call the ultimate fish doctor? The Sturgeon General
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How did the firefly feel when he flew into the fan? He was de-lighted
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why couldn't the pony sing? He was a little horse.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the horse say when he fell over? "Help! I've fallen and I can't giddy up."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happens when you steamroll Batman and Robin? They become flatman and ribbon.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the melon try so hard to get her father's approval? Because she cant-aloupe
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My girl asks why I love chocolate so much. Well, I have several Reisens...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I finally finished baby proofing the house. Let's see those babies get in here now.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My friend says she's doing good but she means well
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why does Snoop Dogg use an umbrella? For Drizzle
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do vegan zombies eat? Graaaaains!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Schooner or later, sailors... ...engage in rudder nonsense.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's a pirate's favorite letter? The C.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What happened to the butched after he backed into the meat grinder? he got a little "behind" in his work
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I still remember what my grandpa said before he kicked the bucket... "How far do you think I can kick this bucket?!"
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock knock -Who's there? Ash -Ash who? Bless you.. P.S. kids love it
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	If all of Ireland sank, what part of it wouldn't? County Cork
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Knock knock! **Who's there?** *Tank* **Tank who?** *You're welcome*
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	This Post just says it all! It all.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What kind of music does a printer make? A paper jam.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My friend's bakery burned down last night. Now his business is toast.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the superhero make a lot of shredded cheese? It was for the grater good.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What mysterious hair product does Lucifer use to keep himself looking good? Arcane-gel!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Overheard: Augustus Caesar on New Year's Day: "I keep writing 'B.C.' on all my checks."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did the mom say to her son when he said he didn't want any of her flippin' pancakes? Fine. They will just be burnt on one side.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	You can tune a guitar... but you can't tuna fish!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What has two arms and 14 legs? Guy who collects legs.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why didn't Silento knock before coming inside? Because you already know who it's isss! My little sister told me this joke.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	[My Joke] Where do noodles get their nails done? At the spa-getti.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a dog in a diving bell? A sub-woofer
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you get when you sit on a potato? A potato wedge! (I made this up when I was 9)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Do you guys/gals like horse jokes? Yeah or neeiiigghh?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one duck say to the other? Quack!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How did the pilot like his hotdog? Plane.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A horse walks into a bar, orders a beer. The bartender says, "Why the long face?" And the horse answers, "They've started a round of layoffs at the plant."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why did the Buddhist monk refuse Novocain? Because he wanted to transcend dental medication.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Wise man once say... He who runs in front of car will get tired, He who runs behind car will get exhausted.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	My buddy says he is the world's worst at self-deprecating humor. he worried once he was too modest. Then realized he was wrong.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a dog with no legs? It doesn't matter what you call it, it won't come.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I support farming and math... I'm pro-tractor.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you make a computer your best friend? You buy it a nice bunch of software and get it loaded!
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a dog with no legs? Don't bother, he's not coming.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Every journey has a beginning. -ahem- Just a small town girl Living in a lonely world...
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the difference between a cat and a complex sentence? A cat has claws at the end of its paws. A complex sentence has a pause at the end of its clause.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Never play poker with a pieces of paper. They're bound to fold.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do Hutus hate Dustin Hoffman? He impersonated a Tootsie.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A Thanksgiving Joke What did the turkey say about the television program from the 1950s? There's a little bit too much grayvy.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's invisible and smells like carrots? Rabbit farts
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What did one wall say to the other wall? I`ll meet you at the corner.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What's the most beautiful thing in mathematics? A cute angle
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	A dog with only 3 legs walks into a saloon in the Old West He slides up to the bar and announces: ''I'm looking for the man who shot my paw."
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	I used to be addicted... to the hokey pokey but I turned myself around (x-post from /r/jokes)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	The three unwritten rules of /r/cleanjokes are: 1. 2. 3.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why does a chicken coup have 2 doors? Because if it had 4 doors, it would be a chicken Sedan.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Someone sly sheared sleeping sheep. Talk about shear terror.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Did ya hear about the magic tractor? It turned into a field
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they don't C#
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Just went to an emotional wedding Even the cake was in tiers.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Why does Snoop Dog carry and umbrella? Fo-Drizzle
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	How do you know you put the right joke in the right thread? Don't worry, someone will tell you.
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What do you call a camel with 3 humps? Humphrey. (I was told this joke by an actual dad, it was his response to one of my jokes)
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	Two fish in a tank. [x-post from r/Jokes] One asks: How do you drive this thing?
cleanjokes	whimsy	general	0	What is heavy forward but not backward? **ton**
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 1 Chronicles: Hold on, back up. Remember David from earlier? Really good king. Anyway, sorry to interrupt. Continue.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 1 John: To Whom It May Concern, YES, God REALLY came down and was REALLY made of meat the entire time, and I don't want to catch anyone saying otherwise.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 1 Timothy: Dear Timothy, Some rules for your church: There is exactly one God. Not one, or two, or three. Okay? Also, don't start one of those hippie vegetarian deals. We get mocked enough as it is. Yours, Paul
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Chronicles: The Northern kingdom crapped out and got conquered, so let's focus on the Southern Kingdom, which also crapped out and got conquered. Everyone moves to Jerusalem, which seemed like a good idea at the time.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 John: Dear Lady, Can you believe these people who think God was never in the flesh? They are anti-Christ, so don't have any of them over for dinner, all right? TTYL, John
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Kings: The northern chunk of the kingdom gets conquered for being bad. The southern chunk people feel pretty self-righteous about it, but then the same thing happens to them.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Samuel: David kills a bunch of people, which is great, but then he sleeps with a married woman, and WOW is God mad about that. On the plus side, they have a kid named Solomon.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Thessalonians: Dear Thessalonians, I know, we're all hoping Jesus comes back soon. But, the fact of the matter is that we haven't even seen the anti-Christ yet. So, sit tight, OKAY? Very Sincerely, Paul
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Timothy: Dear Timothy, Listen, I got out of jail, but then Nero picked me up, and man, the accommodations here are a lot more dungeon-y. Be good and do good and all that stuff, and would it kill you to visit? Yours, Paul
BibleAbridged	wisdom	edgy	1	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 3 John: Dear Gaius, I wrote a letter to Diotrephes about how he's preaching everything wrong, and he wouldn't even open the damn thing. What's with these people? Talk soon, John
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Amos: Amos becomes, like, the 14,000th prophet to note that Israel is making God mad and when you make God mad things go bad.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Colossians: Dear Colossians, No, NO, NO. Jesus is the real God. No other Gods. GOT IT? JEEZ. Please find the attached notes on living properly, which I also sent to the Ephesians. Very Sincerely, Paul
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Deuteronomy: Moses makes a big list of what you aren't allowed to do, then up and dies on everyone.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Ecclesiastes: The great wise man and king, Koheleth, wants you to know that he has literally had every pleasure desireable, but he still has a lot of complaints.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Esther: Esther marries the Persian king. Normally, this would be bad on the "no marrying outside the faith" front, but it all works out when she can get a guy hung for trying to kill all the Jews.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Exodus: Pharaoh tried to kill the Hebrews, but he blew it, so they left, and then everyone accidentally worshipped a cow.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Ezekiel: God tells Ezekiel to tell the Israelites that it's their fault Jerusalem got destroyed, but he'll get them a nicer town later, okay?
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Galatians: Dear Galatians, I am the only one who talks for God. That's our arrangement, OKAY? If someone else says he's talking for God, he's full of it. Very Sincerely, Paul
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Genesis: God made everything, but humans keep screwing it up; some Jews move to Egypt, which seemed like a good idea at the time.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Habakkuk: Habakkuk, in a stroke of wild creative genius, prophesies doom for the faithless.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Haggai: Haggai prophesies that everyone better hurry up and build the temple, or bad stuff will happen in Israel. Change that "or" to "and," and he was 100% correct.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Hebrews: Dear Hebrews, JESUS IS THE BEST! JESUS IS IMMUTABLE! BETTER THAN MOSES! BETTER THAN A REALLY SWEET SWORD! -Anonymous
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Isaiah: Things are going right to Hell in Judea. Isaiah declares that Jerusalem will not fall, but hedges his bets a little by not attaching a time stamp to that. Similarly, he says that at some point the Messiah will come.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	edgy	1	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness James: To Whom It May Concern, I don't care what any other letters say! For God's sake, get off your ass and help people! Sincerely, James
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Job: The devil bets God that Job is only faithful because his life is good. God makes Job sick, ruins his farm, and kills his family. Later, Job is miffed, so God scolds him.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Joel: During a plague of locusts, Joel prophesies that the locusts are the army of God. And, if the people of Israel will repent, they will receive great rewards, like an end to the locusts.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness John: Not only are those other three gospels ALL TRUE, but Jesus did so much awesome stuff, John doesn't even have time to list it. Amen!
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Jonah: Jonah doesn't want to be a prophet, so God has him eaten by a whale. At this point, Jonah changes his mind and God has the whale puke him up. Jonah cooperates, but remains irritated.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Joshua: Joshua and the Israelites kill, enslave, and conquer a bunch of people, at which point Joshua gives a lecture on the importance of rule-following.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Jude: To Everyone Doing it Right, Can you believe these people doing it wrong? You know, there were people in the Old Testament who did it wrong, and we all saw what happened to them. Yeah. Sincerely, Jude
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Judges: The Israelites keep mucking things up in the Promised land, though they had some solid judges there for a while.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Lamentations: Interlude: Some sad songs about how God was right to let the Babylonians siege, starve, and destroy Jerusalem. We don't have the musical score, but hopefully it was upbeat.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Leviticus: Rules: Don't screw up your sacrifices, don't have weird sex, be nice to your slaves, and once a year send a goat into the desert because, hey, you haven't been so great.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Luke: NO, NO, WAIT, JESUS IS EVEN A BIGGER BADASS THAN IN MARK. This one time they crucified him, and he didn't even NOTICE.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Malachi: Malachi decries the Israelites for horrible practices, such as sacrificing animals that are not top quality. He prophesies that the Messiah will be courteous and send word before he shows up.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Mark: Basically Matthew's Gospel, but with less boring, more ACTION, and your choice of two endings!
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Matthew: Hey, the Messiah's here! He's got a heck of a pedigree, gives a great speech, and this one time they killed him BUT HE CAME RIGHT BACK.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Micah: Having enjoyed that story about a whale, we return to another book about a prophet who says doom is coming to Israel.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Nahum: For variety's sake, Nahum prophesies the doom of Nineveh.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Nehemiah: Nehemiah builds a wall around Jerusalem for cheap by getting each guy to make some wall behind his house. Later, Jewish men start getting with pagans again.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Numbers: People talk smack about God and get punished, then people talk smack about Moses and get punished, then Moses refuses to talk to a rock and gets punished; Hebrews kill their way into the promised land.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Obadiah: Edom is ruled as a vassal state of Israel for many years. Later, when the Babylonians attacks Jerusalem, the Edomites don't help fight them off. For this, prophecies Obadiah, they will be punished.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Philippians: Dear Philippians, Thank you for your continued support. I can only hope that you too are lucky enough to suffer as much torment as I have, in service of The Lord. Christianly, Paul
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Proverbs: DO do good stuff. DON'T do bad stuff. And for God's sake, LISTEN every now and then.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Psalms: ( singing ) God is great! God is great! Super great! Couple times he really let things go to hell, BUT that's probably 'cause of something we did, SO God is great! God is great! Super great!
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Ruth: Ruth's husband dies, so she moves in with her mother-in-law. Later, she meets a nice man in a wheat field, so it all works out.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Song of Solomon: Interlude: A sexy poem, with romantic talk, such as "Your teeth are like a flock of uniformly shaped ewes." No, wait WAIT. It's not about sex, it's about loving God. Phew.
BibleAbridged	wisdom	general	0	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Zephaniah: Zephaniah - presumably giving in to peer pressure among the prophet crowd - prophesies doom for the faithless.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	"Bagman" is not a legitimate career choice.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	"Bart Bucks" are not legal tender.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	"Bewitched" does not promote Satanism.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	"Caucus" is not a dirty word.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	"Daylight Savings" is not a failed bank.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	"March Madness" is not an excuse for missing school.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	"Temptation Island" was not a sleazy piece of crap.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	"The President did it" is not an excuse.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	"butt.com" is not my e-mail address.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	20 more shoplifting days till Christmas.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	25 years and they can't come up with a new punishment.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving is as good as A Charlie Brown Christmas.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	A belch is not an oral report.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	A booger is not a bookmark.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	A burp in a jar is not a science project.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	A burp is not an answer.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	A fire drill does not demand a fire.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	A person's a person, no matter how Ralph.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	A trained ape could not teach gym.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Adding "just kidding" doesn't make it okay to insult the principal.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	All work and no play makes Bart a dull boy.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	April showers do not bring Matt Lauers.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	April showers do not date the President.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Bart is at a Doctor's appointment
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Bart's earned a day off.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Batman is not 'nothing' without his utility belt.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Beans are neither fruit nor musical.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Beer in a milk carton is not milk.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Being right sucks.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Cafeteria trays are not toboggans.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Call your mother during the commercials.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Candy canes are not elf bones.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Chalkboarding is not torture.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Chili fries do not go in like a lamb and out like a lion
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Class clown is not a paid position.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Coffee is not for kids.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Cursive writing does not mean what I think it does.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Dad swears he'll get his taxes in soon.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Daylight savings isn't something I can spend
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Dirty clothes are not a Mother's day gift.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Dodgeball stops at the gym door.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Does any kid still do this anymore?
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Eating my vegetables is not a Mother's Day present.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	End of "Lost": It was all the dog's dream. Watch us.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Everyone is tired of that Richard Gere story.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Fire is not the cleanser.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Fish do not like coffee.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Five days is not too long to wait for a gun.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Four leaf clovers are not mutant freaks.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Frankincense is not a monster.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Fridays are not "pants optional".
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Fun does not have a size.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Funny noises are not funny.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Garlic gum is not funny.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Genetics is not an excuse.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Global warming did not eat my homework.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Goldfish don't bounce.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Grammar is not a time of waste.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Guinea pigs should not be used as "Guinea Pigs".
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	HDTV is worth every cent.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	edgy	1	Halloween does not kick Thanksgiving's ass.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Have a great summer, everyone.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Hershey Kisses do not drop from Cupid's butt.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	High explosives and school don't mix.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Hillbillies are people too.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Hooligan is not a profession.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Hot dogs are not bookmarks.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	How did the boy get me to do this?
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not Charlie Brown on acid.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not a 32 year old woman
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not a dentist.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not a grandmother
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not a lean mean spitting machine.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not a licensed hairstylist.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not allergic to long division.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not an FDIC-insured bank.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not authorized to fire substitute teachers.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not certified to remove asbestos.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not delightfully saucy.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not here on a fartball scholarship.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not licensed to do anything.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not my long-lost twin.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not smarter than the president.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not the acting president.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not the last Don.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not the new Dalai Lama.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I am not the reincarnation of Sammy Davis Jr.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I can't see dead people.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I cannot absolve sins.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I cannot hire a substitute student.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I did not invent Irish dancing.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I did not learn everything I need to know from kindergarten.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I did not learn everything I need to know in kindergarten.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I did not see Elvis.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I did not see my teacher siphoning gas.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I did not see teacher applying for welfare.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I did not win the Nobel Fart Prize.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I did nothing wrong this week.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I do not deserve a Mother's Day gift for being "one badass mother".
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I do not have a cereal named after me.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I do not have diplomatic immunity.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I do not have power of attorney over first graders.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I do not have the hots for my mom.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I have neither been there nor done that.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I must not write all over the walls.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I must not write on mountain
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I no longer want my MTV.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I saw nothing unusual in the teacher's lounge.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I should not be twenty-one by now.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I want to secede but don't know which state I'm in.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I was not the inspiration for "Kramer."
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I was not the sixth Beatle.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I was not touched "there" by an angel.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I was told not to do this.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I wasn't nominated for "Best Spoken Swear Word".
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will finish what I sta
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will never lie about being cancelled again.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will never win an Emmy.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not "let the dogs out".
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not Xerox my butt.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not aim for the head.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not ask my guidance counselor why he couldn't get a better job.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not barf unless I'm sick.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not belch the national anthem.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not bet with Bart on the Final Four.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not bite the hand that feeds me Butterfingers. (reference to his Butterfinger commercials and how, after a blatant jab two episodes earlier, the ads had been canceled)
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not bring sheep to class.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not burp in class.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not bury the new kid.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not buy a presidential pardon.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not call my teacher "Hot Cakes".
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not call my teacher 'Prancer' and 'Vixen'.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not call the principal "spud head".
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not carve gods.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not celebrate meaningless milestones.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not charge admission to the bathroom.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not complain about the solution when I hear it.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not concede the election till Karl Rove gives me permission.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not conduct my own fire drills.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not create art from dung.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not cut corners.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not dance on anyone's grave.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not defame New Orleans.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not demand what I'm worth.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not dissect things unless instructed.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not do "the dirty bird."
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not do anything bad ever again.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not do that thing with my tongue.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not draw naked ladies in class.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not drive the principal's car.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not eat things for money.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not encourage others to fly.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not fake rabies.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not fake seizures.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not fight the future.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not file frivolous lawsuits.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not flip the classroom upside down.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not flush evidence.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not get very far with this attitude.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not go near the kindergarten turtle.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not grease the monkey bars.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not hang donuts on my person.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not have fun with educational toys.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not hide behind the Fifth Amendment.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not hide the teacher's Prozac.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not hide the teacher's medication.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not illegally download this movie.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not instigate revolution.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not laminate dog doo.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not leak the plot of the movie.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not look up what teacher makes.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not make flatulent noises in class.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not make fun of Cupid's dink.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not mess with the opening credits.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not mock Mrs. Dumbface.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not mock teacher's outdated cell phone.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not obey the voices in my head.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not order pregnant rats
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not pay my sister to do my punishment.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not plant subliminAL messaGOREs.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not pledge allegiance to Bart.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not prescribe medication.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not publish the principal's credit report.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not put hot sauce in the CPR dummy.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not re-transmit without the express permission of Major League Baseball.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not replace a candy heart with a frog's heart.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not ridicule teacher's Final Four bracket.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not say "Springfield" just to get applause.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not scare the vice president.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not scream for ice cream.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not sell land in Florida.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not sell miracle cures.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not sell my kidney on eBay.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not sell school property.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not sell school property.Same as Bart Gets Hit by a Car
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not send lard through the mail.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not shirk my responsibilities.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not show off.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not skateboard in the halls.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not sleep through my education.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not snap bras.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not spank others.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not speculate on how hot my teacher used to be.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not spin the turtle.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not squeak chalk.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not strut around like I own the place.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not surprise the incontinent.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not teach others to fly.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not tease Fatty.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not torment the emotionally frail.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not trade pants with others.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not tweet as the principal's toilet.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not use abbrev.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not use permanent ink on the chalkboard.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not wait 20 years to make another movie.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not waste chalk.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not wear white after Labor Day.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not whittle hall passes out of soap.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not write "audit please" on Homer's tax return.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not yell "Fire" in a crowded classroom.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will not yell "She's dead" during roll call.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will obey Oscar campaign rules from now on.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will only do this once a year.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will only provide a urine sample when asked.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will remember to take my medication.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will return the seeing-eye dog.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will stop asking when Santa goes to the bathroom.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will stop losing 50% of my NFL lead-in.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will stop phoning it in.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will stop talking about the twelve inch pianist.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I will watch all 600 episodes without sleeping.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I won't not use no double negatives.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I'm not here on a Spitball scholar.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I'm so very tired.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	I'm sorry I broke the blackboard.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Idle hands are the Devil's tools
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	If Villanova doesn't win we lose everything.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	If we're so good at predicting, how come my dad bet on Atlanta?
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	If you haven't broken your Christmas presents yet, you're not trying.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Indian burns are not our cultural heritage.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	It does not suck to be you.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	It's 'Facebook', not 'Assbook'.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	It's November 6th -- How come we're not airing a Halloween show?
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	It's not too early to speculate about the 2016 election.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	It's potato, not potatoe.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	It's unfair to judge a president on his first 300 days.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	January is not Bart History Month.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Je ne parle pas français.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Je ne suis pas français
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Jesus is not mad his birthday is on Christmas.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Jesus' last words were not 'TGIF'.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Judas Priest is not 'death metal'.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Loose teeth don't need my help.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Making Milhouse cry is not a science project.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Milhouse did not test cootie positive.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Milhouse does not live below the puberty line.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Mud is not one of the 4 food groups.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	My butt does not deserve a website.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	My dad's already drunk for St. Patrick's.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	My homework was not stolen by a one-armed man.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	My mom is not dating Jerry Seinfeld.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	My name is not "Dr. Death".
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	My new year's resolution was to quit school
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	My pen is not a booger launcher.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	My piggy bank is not entitled to TARP funds.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	My pre-Christmas behavior really helps the coal industry
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	My school schedule does not include a bye week.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	My suspension was not "mutual".
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Nerve gas is not a toy.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Network TV is not dead.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Never lose a bet to Bart Simpson.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Next time it could be me on the scaffolding.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	No one cares what my definition of "is" is.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	No one is interested in my underpants.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	No one wants to hear about my sciatica.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	No one wants to hear from my armpits.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Nobody likes sun burn slappers.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Nobody reads these anymore.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Non-flammable is not a challenge.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Organ transplants are best left to the professionals.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Over forty & single is not funny.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Pain is not the cleanser.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Pearls are not oyster barf.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Pixel art is not real art.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Poking a dead raccoon is not research.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Pork is not a verb.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Prince is not the son of Martin Luther King.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Prosperity is just around the corner.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Ralph won't "morph" if you squeeze him hard enough.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Reindeer meat does not taste like chicken.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Rocktober is not followed by Blowvember.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Rudolph's red nose is not alcohol-related.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Sandwiches should not contain sand.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	School online
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Science class should not end in tragedy.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Sherri does not "got back".
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Shooting paintballs is not an art form.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Silly string is not a nasal spray.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Snow angels are not frozen hobos.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	nsfw	1	Snowmen don't have carrot penises.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	South Park, we'd stand beside you if we weren't so scared.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Spitwads are not free speech.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Spoiler Alert: Unfortunately, my dad doesn't die.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	SpongeBob is not a contraceptive.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Strangling is not an effective parenting tool.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Studying is not 'appropriating nerd culture'.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Substitute teachers are not scabs.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Tar is not a plaything.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Teacher did not pay too much for her condo.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Teacher is not a leper.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Teacher spent new year's eve at home by choice
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Teacher was not dumped - it was mutual.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Teacher's diet is working.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Teachers' unions are not ruining this country.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Thank you for 28 great years...Taylor Swift.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The Christmas Pageant does not stink.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The First Amendment does not cover burping.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The Giving Tree is not a chump.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The Good Humor man can only be pushed so far.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The Pilgrims were not illegal aliens.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The Pledge of Allegiance does not end with "Hail Satan".
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The Wall Street Journal is better than ever.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The art teacher is fat, not pregnant.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The boys' room is not a water park.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The cafeteria deep fryer is not a toy.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The capital of Montana is not "Hannah".
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The class hamster isn't just sleeping.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The fat man who works one night a year is my dad
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The first episode of the second 600.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The hamster did not have a "full life".
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The nurse is not dealing.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The principal's toupée is not a frisbee.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The teacher did not get fat during the holidays.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The true location of Springfield is in any state but yours.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The truth is not out there.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	The world may end in 2012, but this show won't.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	There are plenty of businesses like show business.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	There is no such month as Rocktober.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	There is no such thing as an iPoddy.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	There was no Roman god named "Fartacus".
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	There's no proven link between raisins and boogers.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	They are laughing at me, not with me.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	This arm needs Tommy John surgery.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	This counts as gym and art class.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	This is not a clue... or is it?
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	This is the last episode.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	This punishment is not boring and pointless.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	This punishment is not medieval.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	This school does not need a "regime change".(reference to the then-upcoming War In Iraq)
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	This school is not falling apart.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Tintin did not suck suck.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Today is not Mothra's Day.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Underwear should be worn on the inside.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Vampire is not a career choice.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	We are not all naked under our clothes.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	We do need no education.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	We do not live in our own pee.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	We'll really miss you, Mrs. K.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	We're the only house where the Christmas tree is still up.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	Wedgies are unhealthy for children and other living things.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	When I slept in class, it was not to help Leo DiCaprio.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	World War II could not beat up World War I.
SimpsonsChalkboard	whimsy	general	0	You can't play April Fools jokes on April 27th.
