creative	sfw	'A man who doesn't detest a bad government is a fool. And if there were such a thing as a good government on earth, it would be a great joy to serve it.' Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	'American Gods' was designed to be, if not open-ended, at least a trilogy kind of shape, so there's definitely one more book, probably another couple of books there to get written. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	'Art or anti-art?' was the question I asked when I returned from Munich in 1912 and decided to abandon pure painting or painting for its own sake. I thought of introducing elements alien to painting as the only way out of a pictorial and chromatic dead end. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	'Banished men should never speak their native tongue; it comes bitter from their mouth. And this language suits a traitor better, I think; drips off one's teeth like sugar-syrup.' Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	'Discworld' is taking something that you know is ridiculous and treating it as if it is serious, to see if something interesting happens when you do so. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	'Doctor Who' was the first mythology that I learned, before ever I ran into Greek or Roman or Egyptian mythologies. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	'Educational' refers to the process, not the object. Although, come to think of it, some of my teachers could easily have been replaced by a cheeseburger. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	'Nation' was one that I'd have killed myself if I hadn't written it. It was absolutely important to me that I wrote it. It was good for my soul. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	'Reflection on Ingenuity' Here's a good rule of thumb: Too clever is dumb. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	'Romance' is based on my entire creative process. I fall in love with an idea, obsess over it, isolate myself with it, and when I eventually introduce it to my friends, they all tell me that it's stupid. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	'The Cow' The cow is of the bovine ilk; One end is moo, the other, milk -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	'The Eel' I don't mind eels Except as meals And the way they feels. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	'The Guppy' Whales have calves, Cats have kittens, Bears have cubs, Bats have bittens, Swans have cygnets, Seals have puppies, But guppies just have little guppies. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	'The Lorax' book was intended to be propaganda. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	'The Octopus' Tell me, O Octopus, I begs, Is those things arms, or is they legs? I marvel at thee, Octopus If I were thou, I'd call me Us. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	'The Ostrich' The ostrich roams the great Sahara. Its mouth is wide, its neck is narra. It has such long and lofty legs, I'm glad it sits to lay its eggs. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	'The Pig' The pig, if I am not mistaken, Supplies us sausage, ham and bacon, Let others say his heart is big-- I call it stupid of the pig. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	'The fact is,' I said, 'that you're unable, or unwilling, to believe in the fact that I believe in you.' Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	'They eat their kind,' he said, 'Like men.' Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	(some Frenchman said that the cat is the soul of the house, and we agree). Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	, , ! . , . , - . . , . . ! Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	, , , , , , , . , . , , . . , , , , , . . , . , , . . , . , . Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	, , , , , , , Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	, , , , . , , - - , , . , . Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	, , , . Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	, , . - , , , , . , . , , , , . . , , , . Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	, : ? , . . , . , , : , , , . Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	- Vreau s stau cu tine, zise ea. - Vreau s stau cu tine, o ngn el. Ursula K. Le Guin, Planet of Exile
creative	sfw	-, , , , , , . , , , . , . , , , . , , , . Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	-No, no hablo del amor, cuando me refiero al patriotismo. Hablo del miedo. El miedo del otro. Y las expresiones de ese miedo son polticas, no poticas: odio, rivalidad, agresin. Crece en nosotros, ese miedo crece en nosotros ao a ao. -- Ursula K Le Guin
creative	sfw	. , . , ? . . , , . . . . . , - , , : , - , , , , . , , , . ? , , . , , , -, , . . - , ? . , , - . , , . , . . , ? , . , , , , . , . . , . , . Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	. . . the literature of imaginatiion, even when tragic, is reassuring, not necessarily in the sense of offering nostalgic comfort, but because it offers a world large enough to contain alternatives and therefore offers hope. Ursula Le Guin
creative	sfw	. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	... anlatlacak hikaye ne kadar oksa hakikat de o kadar oktu. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
creative	sfw	... it was joy they were both after - the completeness of being. If you evade suffering you also evade the chance of joy. Pleasure you may get, or pleasures, but you will not be fulfilled. You will not know what it is to come home. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	... privilege was obligation; command was service; power, the gift itself, entailed a heavy loss of freedom. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
creative	sfw	... there are things that outweigh comfort, unless one is an old woman or a cat. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	...I wore his blood for clothing, on my legs and thighs and hands: a dry, stiff, brown garment with no warmth in it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	...I, like Borges, think of heaven as something very like a library Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
creative	sfw	...If at moments the facts seem to alter with an altered voice, why then you can choose the fact you like best; yet none of them are false, and it is all one story. Ursula K. LeGuin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	...There's no right answer to the wrong question. Now what do we do? Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home
creative	sfw	...Vermediimiz eyi alamazsnz, kendinizi vermeniz gerekir. Devrim'i satn alamazsnz. Devrim'i yapamazsnz. Devrim olabilirsiniz ancak. Devrim ya ruhunuzdadr ya da hi bir yerde deildir. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	...close up, a world's all dirt and rocks... The way to see how beautiful the earth is, is to see it as the moon. The way to see how beautiful life is, is from the vantage point of death. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	...talk is an art and a pleasure, not a matter of mere use and need. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
creative	sfw	...the wise man is one who never sets himself apart from other living things... Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	...though I want to see myself as a woman of strong feeling but peaceable instincts, I have to realize how often anger fuels my acts and thoughts, how very often I indulge in anger. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	...unfair as it may be, nothing guarantees health to the old. Bodies wear out...despite the most careful maintenance. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	...was I to join them therefore? To let their acts rule my own? I will not make their choices for them, nor will I let them make mine for me! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	...you play the instrument you have. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Compass Rose
creative	sfw	..all I understand about living is having your work to do, and being able to do it. That's the pleasure, and the glory, and all. And if you can't do the work, or it's taken from you, then what's any good? You have to have something... Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
creative	sfw	..he says, but that's wizard's talk, making things seem great by great words. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	A Modest Proposal: Vegempathy Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	A View of Exmoor, Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	A bad book is as much of a labor to write as a good one, it comes as sincerely from the author's soul. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	A bad book is as much of a labor to write as a good one, it comes as sincerely from the author's soul. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	A beautiful body perishes, but a work of art dies not. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	A belief in hell and the knowledge that every ambition is doomed to frustration at the hands of a skeleton have never prevented the majority of human beings from behaving as though death were no more than an unfounded rumor. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	A belief in hell and the knowledge that every ambition is doomed to frustration at the hands of a skeleton have never prevented the majority of human beings from behaving as though death were no more than an unfounded rumor. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	A book is a fragile creature, it suffers the wear of time, it fears rodents, the elements and clumsy hands. so the librarian protects the books not only against mankind but also against nature and devotes his life to this war with the forces of oblivion. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	A bully doesnt answer you; he may hear but pays no heed; he talks on as if you were of no account, and it gives him the advantage always at the start, though not always Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
creative	sfw	A cat is only itself, representative of the strong forces of life that won't let go. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	A child-like man is not a man whose development has been arrested; on the contrary, he is a man who has given himself a chance of continuing to develop long after most adults have muffled themselves in the cocoon of middle-aged habit and convention. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	A child-like man is not a man whose development has been arrested; on the contrary, he is a man who has given himself a chance of continuing to develop long after most adults have muffled themselves in the cocoon of middle-aged habit and convention. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	A conscious mind must be part of the whole, intentionally, and carefully--as the rock is part of the whole unconsciously. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	A creator needs only one enthusiast to justify him. -- Man Ray
creative	sfw	A decision worthy of the name is based on observation, factual information, intellectual and ethical judgment. Opinionthat darling of the press, the politician, and the pollmay be based on no information at all. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	A dirty joke is a sort of mental rebellion. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	A dream is a scripture, and many scriptures are nothing but dreams. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	A family with the wrong members in control; that, perhaps, is as near as one can come to describing England in a phrase. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	A fanatic is a man who consciously over compensates a secret doubt. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	A fanatic is a man who consciously over compensates a secret doubt. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	A fantasy is a journey. It is a journey into the subconscious mind, just as psychoanalysis is. Like psychoanalysis, it can be dangerous; and it will change you. Ursula K. Le Guin, From Elfland to Poughkeepsie
creative	sfw	A flow of words is a sure sign of duplicity. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	A forest ecology is a delicate one. If the forest perishes, its fauna may go with it. The Athshean word for world is also the word for forest. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
creative	sfw	A game of chess is a visual and plastic thing, and if it isn't geometric in the static sense of the word, it is mechanical, since it moves. It's a drawing; it's a mechanical reality. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	A good husband is never the first to go to sleep at night or the last to awake in the morning. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	A grating sound came from the dragon's throat . . . "You offer me safety! You threaten me! With what?" "With your name, Yevaud. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	A grocer is attracted to his business by a magnetic force as great as the repulsion which renders it odious to artists. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	A house is no home unless it contain food and fire for the mind as well as for the body. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	A husband who submits to his wife's yoke is justly held an object of ridicule. A woman's influence ought to be entirely concealed. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	A key is a little thing next to the door that it opens. If you lose the key, the door may never be unlocked. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Found and the Lost: The Collected Novellas of Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	A library is a focal point, a sacred place to a community; and its sacredness is its accessibility, its publicness. Its everybodys place". Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	A library is a place that is a repository of information and gives every citizen equal access to it. That includes health information. And mental health information. It's a community space. It's a place of safety, a haven from the world. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	A living body suffers pain. . . . a living body grows old; it dies. Death is the price we pay for our life and for all life. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	A lot of professionals are crackpots. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	A lot of snow out of one cloud, and it grows thicker. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	A lot of things have been thrown at me in life, and I've got through it all without a rule book, taking it one day at a time. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	A lover always thinks of his mistress first and himself second; with a husband it runs the other way. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	A machine is more blameless, more sinless even than any animal. It has no intentions whatsoever but our own. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	A major part of love is commitment. If we are committed to someone, if I'm committed to loving you, then it's not possible for me to 'fall out of love.' ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	A man does not make his destiny: he accepts it or denies it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	A man gives out, dearie. A woman takes in. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
creative	sfw	A man is a poor creature compared to a woman. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	A man may be a pessimistic determinist before lunch and an optimistic believer in the will's freedom after it. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	A man may be a pessimistic determinist before lunch and an optimistic believer in the will's freedom after it. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	A man who doesnt detest a bad government is a fool. And if there were such a thing as a good government in earth, it would be a great joy to serve it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	A man who doesnt detest a bad government is a fool. And if there were such a thing as a good government on earth, it would be a great joy to serve it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	A man would know the end he goes to, but he cannot know it if he does not turn, and return to his beginning, and hold that beginning in his being. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	A meaningless question has only meaningless answers. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	A medida que un hombre adquiere ms poder y sabidura, se le estrecha el camino, hasta que al fin no elige, y hace pura y simplemente lo que tiene que hacer... Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	A minute of perfection was worth the effort. A moment was the most you could ever expect from perfection. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	A mother who is really a mother is never free. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	A mother's happiness is like a beacon, lighting up the future but reflected also on the past in the guise of fond memories. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	A mother's life, you see, is one long succession of dramas, now soft and tender, now terrible. Not an hour but has its joys and fears. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	A nation that has no music and no fairytales is a tragedy. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	A nica coisa que torna a vida possvel a incerteza permanente e intolervel: no saber o que vem depois. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	A nice, easy place for freedom of speech to be eroded is comics, because comics are a natural target whenever an election comes up. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	A painting that doesn't shock isn't worth painting. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	A person's a person, no matter how small. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	A poem of the right shape will hold a thousand truths. But it doesnt say any of them. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	A positive attitude means all the difference in the world. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	A powerful performance will transform everyone in the room. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	A profound love between two people involves, after all, the power and chance of doing profound hurt. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	A psychopathy on Anarres was rational behavior on Urras. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	A rock is a good thing, too, you know. If the Isles of Earthsea were all made of diamond, we'd lead a hard life here. Enjoy the illusions, lad, and let the rocks be rocks. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	A scientist can pretend that his work isn't himself, it's merely the impersonal truth. An artist can't hide behind the truth. He can't hide anywhere. Ursula K. LeGuin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	A secret is powerful when it is empty. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	A sense of timing is the mark of a genius. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	A short story is something that you can hold in your mind. You can really analyze how the entire thing works, like a machine. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	A sight, an emotion, creates this wave in the mind, long before it makes words to fit it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
creative	sfw	A story that has nothing but action and plot is a pretty poor affair; and some great stories have neither. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: Exercises and Discussions on Story Writing for the Lone Navigator or the Mutinous Crew
creative	sfw	A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	A tragic situation exists precisely when virtue does not triumph but when it is still felt that man is nobler than the forces which destroy him. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	A transposable aphorism is a malaise of the urge to be witty, or in other words, a maxim that is untroubled by the fact that the opposite of what it says is equally true so long as it appears to be funny. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	A voice in the darkness said, You have come too far. Arren answered it, saying, Only too far is far enough. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	A warm body sighed in the darkness inside the little bright object balanced elegantly in the orbit of the moon. Ursula K. Le Guin, Fisherman of the Inland Sea
creative	sfw	A wizards power of Changing and of Summoning can shake the balance of the world. It is dangerous, that power. It is most perilous. It must follow knowledge, and serve need. To light a candle is to cast a shadow... Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	A woman's a different thing entirely. Who knows where a woman begins and ends? Listen, mistress, I have roots, I have roots deeper than this island. Deeper than the sea, older than the raising of the lands. I go back into the dark. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
creative	sfw	A writer who wants to write good stuff needs to read great stuff. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
creative	sfw	A writer's moral duty is to use language thoughtfully and well. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	A young bride is like a plucked flower; but a guilty wife is like a flower that had been walked over. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Abstract painting is abstract. It confronts you. There was a reviewer a while back who wrote that my pictures didn't have any beginning or any end. He didn't mean it as a compliment, but it was. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	Ac ekmek bir yanl anlamadr Ursula Le Guin, Mlkszler
creative	sfw	Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Action is the foundational key to all success. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Actually, I dont exactly have expectations. I have hopes, and fears. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Adults are obsolete children. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	After I was 70, I realized that, 'Okay, I would like to have another 50 years, and I probably could.' But part of me is saying, 'Maybe I'm not going to have that much time.' -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	After each war there is a little less democracy to save. -- Brooks Atkinson
creative	sfw	After my husband John Lennon passed away, I tried to smile for my health. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	After years of practice, I can walk into a bookstore and understand its layout in a few seconds. I can glance at the spine of a book and make a good guess at its content from a number of signs. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Age and illness made one a dualist Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Ahora saba, y era cruel saberlo, que su tarea nunca haba consistido en tratar de deshacer lo que haba hecho sino en terminar lo que haba empezado. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Ai taught me a Terran game played on squares with little stones, called go, an excellent difficult game. Ursula K. LeGuin
creative	sfw	Akllya soru gerekmez; aptal ise bouna sorar." -38 Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Al final de los tiempos el sol se devorar a s mismo y la sombra devorar la luz, y entonces no quedar nada sino hielo y oscuridad. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Alchemy is a kind of philosophy: a kind of thinking that leads to a way of understanding. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Alienation produces eccentrics or revolutionary. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	All I can say is, it's not very easy for a woman to be associated with The Beatles. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	All critics should be assassinated. -- Man Ray
creative	sfw	All gods are homemade, and it is we who pull their strings, and so, give them the power to pull ours. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	All gods are homemade, and it is we who pull their strings, and so, give them the power to pull ours. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	All graffiti is low-level dissent, but stencils have an extra history. They've been used to start revolutions and to stop wars. -- Banksy
creative	sfw	All her life she had looked into dark; but this was a vaster darkness, this night on the ocean. There was no end to it. There was no roof. It went out beyond the stars. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	All history is incomprehensible without Christ. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	All humanity is passion; without passion, religion, history, novels, art would be ineffectual. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	All individual thought is dissolved in universal thought, as all form is dissolved in the universal plastic means of Abstract-Real painting. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	All knowledge which ends in words will die as quickly as it came to life, with the exception of the written word: which is its mechanical part. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	All my concerts had no sounds in them; they were completely silent. People had to make up their own music in their minds! -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	All my inspiration comes from life. That's how it never stops, in a way. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	All of us have to learn how to invent our lives, make them up, imagine them. We need to be taught these skills; we need guides to show us how. If we don't, our lives get made up for us by other people. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	All of us that read a lot, were partly book-manufactured. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	All over the world, young males and females, schooled in the art of patriarchal thinking, are building an identity on a foundation that sees the will to do violence as the essential way to assert being. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	All painting, beginning with Impressionism, is antiscientific, even Seurat. I was interested in introducing the precise and exact aspect of science, which hadn't often been done, or at least hadn't been talked about very much. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	All political thinking for years past has been vitiated in the same way. People can foresee the future only when it coincides with their own wishes, and the most grossly obvious facts can be ignored when they are unwelcome. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	All sorts of computer errors are now turning up. You'd be surprised to know the number of doctors who claim they are treating pregnant men. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	All that grieved me - that I was half one thing and half another and nothing wholly - was the sorrow of my childhood, but the strength and use of my life after I grew up. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	All that is base in the masses is temporary, no doubt serving only to prevent evolution (that of the elite, as well) from proceeding too quickly and thus not becoming 'reality.' -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	All the gossip and craziness becomes a kind of sustained narrative which, in turn, can become history. It's scary. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	All the great things of humanity have been accomplished in the name of absolute principles. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	All the men I fall for seem to have a commitment problem. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	All the religious wars that have caused blood to be shed for centuries arise from passionate feelings and facile counter-positions, such as Us and Them, good and bad, white and black. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	All the war-propaganda, all the screaming and lies and hatred, comes invariably from people who are not fighting. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	All you have to do to see life whole is to see it as mortal. I'll die, you'll die; how could we love each other otherwise? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Almost anything carried to its logical extreme becomes depressing, if not carcinogenic. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Almost everybody is born a genius and buried an idiot. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Almost everything carried to its logical extreme becomes either depressing or carcinogenic. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Also, I've already won all the awards. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Although my art work was heavily informed by my design work on a formal and visual level, as regards meaning and content the two practices parted ways. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	Although nature commences with reason and ends in experience it is necessary for us to do the opposite, that is to commence with experience and from this to proceed to investigate the reason. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	American Gods is about 200,000 words long, and I'm sure there are words that are simply in there 'cause I like them. I know I couldn't justify each and every one of them. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Americans don't like European movies. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Amour is the one human activity of any importance in which laughter and pleasure preponderate, if ever so slightly, over misery and pain. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Amour is the one human activity of any importance in which laughter and pleasure preponderate, if ever so slightly, over misery and pain. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	An Odonians goal is positive, not negative. Suffering is dysfunctional, except as a bodily warning against danger. Psychologically and socially its merely destructive. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	An artist has to look at the future, to see what we can do better. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	An artist should not fall in love with another artist. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	An author writes a book, and that's the book at that point. And if the author writes the book again, then somehow something has gone wrong, if you see what I mean. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	An early visitor described a Veksi village as five big houses full of women swearing at each other and fourteen little houses full of men sulking. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes: Stories
creative	sfw	An elite is inevitable. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	An enemy, in Karhide, is not a stranger, an invader. The stranger who comes unknown is a guest. Your enemy is your neighbor. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	An idea is a point of departure and no more. As soon as you elaborate it, it becomes transformed by thought. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	An irrelevant and poignant sensation of pleasure rose in him, like a tree that grew up and flowered all in one moment with its roots in his loins and its flowers in his mind. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	An often-repeated assertion in the body of film criticism I have written is the assertion that movies do not just mirror the culture of any given time; they also create it. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	An original is a creation motivated by desire. Any reproduction of an originals motivated be necessity. It is marvelous that we are the only species that creates gratuitous forms. To create is divine, to reproduce is human. -- Man Ray
creative	sfw	An owl is mostly air. Ursula K. Le Guin, Out Here: Poems and Images from Steens Mountain Country
creative	sfw	An unexciting truth may be eclipsed by a thrilling lie. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	An unexciting truth may be eclipsed by a thrilling lie. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	An unfulfilled vocation drains the color from a man's entire existence. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	And I needed a rock. Something to hold onto, to stand on. Something solid. Because everything was going soft, turning into mush, into marsh, into fog. Fog closing in on all sides. I didn't know where I was at all. Ursula K. Le Guin, Very Far Away from Anywhere Else
creative	sfw	And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	And day to day, life's a hard job, you get tired, you lose the pattern. You need distance, interval. The way to see how beautiful the earth is, is to see it as the moon. The way to see how beautiful life is, is from the vantage point of death. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	And he would watch the snow falling, thin and ceaseless, on the empty lands below the window, and feel the dull cold grow within him, till it seemed no feeling was left to him except a kind of weariness. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	And hearing it that way as a kid, I thought, Hunh? but didnt say anything, because there is no way, no possible way, a kid can ask about everything grownups say that the kid thinks Hunh? about. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	And in four years the first entirely sleepless babies were born. (Millions of bleary-eyed young parents might dispute that statement; but the usual baby does go to sleep, after all, just about the time its parents have to get up.) Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes: Stories
creative	sfw	And in poetry, beauty is no ornament; it is the meaning. It is the truth. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tao Te Ching: A Book about the Way and the Power of the Way
creative	sfw	And mage and sailor are not so far apart; both work with the powers of sky and sea, and bend great winds to the uses of their hands, bringing near what was remote. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	And nightly under the simple stars As I rode to sleep the owls were bearing the farm away All the moon long I heard, blessed among stables, the nightjars Flashing into the dark. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	And she told me the same thing, she said that when I came back in the winter, she was going to miss missing me.... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	And so, because he won't let himself be hurt, he does wrong to those he loves best. And then he sees that, and after all, it hurts him. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Eye of the Heron
creative	sfw	And the mills of capitalism provide them. Supply meets demand. Fantasy becomes a commodity, an industry. Commodified fantasy takes no risks: it invents nothing, but imitates and trivialises. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
creative	sfw	And the truth is that as a man's real power grows and his knowledge widens, ever the way he can follow grows narrower: until at last he chooses nothing, but does only and wholly what he must do.... -- Ursula K Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	And the truth is that as a mans real power grows and his knowledge widens, ever the way he can follow grows narrower: until at last he chooses nothing, but does only and wholly what he must do . . . Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	And there never was an apple, in Adam's opinion, that wasn't worth the trouble you got into for eating it. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	And though I came to forget or regret all I have ever done, yet I would remember that once I saw the dragons aloft on the wind at sunset above the western isles; and I would be content. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Anger is wonderful. It keeps you going. I'm angry about bankers. About the government. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Anger points powerfully to the denial of rights, but the exercise of rights can't life and thrive on anger. It lives and thrives on the dogged pursuit of justice. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Any 'artist' makes a living by expressing what others can't - because they're unaware of their feelings, they're too afraid to express those feelings, or they lack the skills to communicate and be understood. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Any human power can be resisted and changed by human beings. Resistance and change often begin in art, and very often in our artthe art of words. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Any society based on domination supports and condones violence. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Anyhow theyre always exceptions. But most women, their only relationship to a man is having. Either owning or being owned. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Anyone who conducts an argument by appealing to authority is not using his intelligence; he is just using his memory. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Anyone who doesn't feel the crosses simply doesn't get that country. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	Anything that keeps you happy and writing is part of my writing ritual: I like music, so I tend to have it playing in the background. But if I'm interested, I can write in an airport waiting areas. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Anytime my work can coax bodily fluids out of someone, I'm happy. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Apollo blinds those who press too close in worship. Dont look straight at the sun. Go into a dark bar for a bit and have a beer with Dionysios, every now and then. I Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Apollo, the god of light, of reason, of proportion, harmony, number - Apollo blinds those who press too close in worship. Don't look straight at the sun. Go into a dark bar for a bit and have a beer with Dionysis, every now and then. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Applause is a receipt, not a bill. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Are we so feeble we cant withstand a little exposure? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	Are we to paint what's on the face, what's inside the face, or what's behind it? -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Arguing that God doesn't exist would be like people in the 10th century arguing that germs and microbes didn't exist because they couldn't see them. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Art can only be truly art by presenting an adequate outward symbol of some fact in the interior life. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	Art doesn't interest me. Only artists interest me. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Art for me is like breathing. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Art is a habit-forming drug. Art has absolutely no existence as veracity, as truth. People always speak of it with this great, religious reverence, but why should it be so revered? -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Art is a lie that makes us realize truth. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Art is a mind-game that we do to make our lives easier. If it isn't for that, it becomes superfluous. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Art is action. The way I live my life to its highest degree is by writing, the practice of art. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Art is all a matter of personality. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Art is like breathing for me. If I don't do it, I start to choke. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Art is my life and my life is art. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Art is never finished, only abandoned. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Art is the elimination of the unnecessary. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Art is the path to being spiritual. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	Art is what you can get away with. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Art isnt explanation. Art is what an artist does, not what an artist explains. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Art shows and the institutions end up being the couriers for culture for the next generation and are an important component as well. It may seem ironic from one perspective, but I think if you look at my overall strategy, it's actually not out of step. -- Shepard Fairey
creative	sfw	Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Art? That's a man's name. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Artists and musicians of the Sixties were definitely into clothes. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Artists are going to be the metronome of this society. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Artists can do whatever they want! -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Artists of all times are like the gamblers of Monte Carlo, and this blind lottery allows some to succeed and ruins others. In my opinion, neither the winners nor the losers are worth worrying about. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Artists should never think of themselves as an idol. Fame is a side effect of one's work. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	As I write, highly civilized human beings are flying overhead, trying to kill me. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	As a child in Atuan, Tenar had learned how to learn. There seemed always to be a great deal to be learned, more than she would have believed when she was a prentice-priestess or the pupil of a mage. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
creative	sfw	As a lower-class kid, I was raised to think success would be owning stuff. Having that great job, too. Now I find my parents' dream was wrong. You never really own anything. And you're never really finished as a person. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	As a man's knowledge grows, and his power increases, the road he takes grows ever narrower, until at last he does only and wholly what he must. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	As a man's knowledge widens, ever the way he can follow grows narrower; until at last he chooses nothing, but does only and wholely what he must do. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	As a man's real power grows and his knowledge widens, ever the way he can follow grows narrower: until at last he chooses nothing,but does only and wholly what he must do... Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	As a person, I was born to give out my opinions. By giving out my opinions, I realize who I am. As long as I can communicate, I'm not so lonely. If I cannot travel, or do art, or have company, if they take away all my belongings, it doesn't matter at all. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	As a rule, all heroism is due to a lack of reflection, and thus it is necessary to maintain a mass of imbeciles. If they once understand themselves the ruling men will be lost. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	As a scholar I am interested in the philosophy of language, semiotics, call it what you want, and one of the main features of the human language is the possibility of lying. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	As a teenager I wrote to R.A. Lafferty. And he responded, too, with letters that were like R.A. Lafferty short stories, filled with elliptical answers to straight questions and simple answers to complicated ones. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	As an adolescent I wrote comic books, because I read lots of them, and fantasy novels set in Malaysia and Central Africa. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	As an author, I've never forgotten how to daydream. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	As far as I'm concerned, I'm a writer who's writing books, and therefore, I don't want to die. You'd miss the end of the book wouldn't you? You can't die with an unfinished book. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	As far as I'm concerned, the entire reason for becoming a writer is not having to get up in the morning. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	As for ideology, the Hell with it. All of it. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	As he came to the bank Ogion, waiting, reached out his hand and clasping the boys arm whispered to him his true name: Ged. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	As tradition, the female element clings to the old art and opposes anything new - precisely because each new art moves further away from the natural appearance of things. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	As we did without clergy, let us do without soldiers. The joy built upon successful slaughter is not the right kind of joy; it will not do; it is fearful and it is trivial. -- Ursula K Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
creative	sfw	As we grow older I always think, why didn't I do more when I was young, why didn't I risk more? -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	As with the Christian religion, the worst advertisement for Socialism is its adherents. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	At a certain moment, I decided to write a story. I had no more small children to tell them stories. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	At fifteen, beauty and talent do not exist; there can only be promise of the coming woman. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	At fifty everyone has the face he deserves. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	At least I had that, one guy understood me. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	At least he sought this danger of his own will; and the nearer he came to it the more sure he was that, for this time at least, for this hour perhaps before his death, he was free. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	At the age of 31, I realized, 'Oh my God, I may die like everyone else.' -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	At the pit's bottom is no anger. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	At this point, realism is perhaps the least adequate means of understanding or portraying the incredible realities of our existence. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction
creative	sfw	At times inactivity is preferable to mindless functioning. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	BY YOUR RESPONSE TO DANGER IT IS EASY TO TELL HOW YOU HAVE LIVED AND WHAT HAS BEEN DONE TO YOU. YOU SHOW WHETHER YOU WANT TO STAY ALIVE, WHETHER YOU THINK YOU DESERVE TO, AND WHETHER YOU BELIEVE IT'S ANY GOOD TO ACT. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Bad stories are written about me because the press knows they can make me into a weeping dog and few people will object. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Bad taste creates many more millionaires than good taste. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Bana grlmeye deer bir ey gstermemi sylemitin. Ben de sana, seni gsterdim. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	Be courageous and try to write in a way that scares you a little. -- Ursula K Le Guin Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Be still! the Head Isle-Man said roughly, for he knew, as did most of them, that a wizard may have subtle ways of telling the truth, and may keep the truth to himself, but that if he says a thing the thing is as he says. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Be what you would seem to be - or, if you'd like it put more simply - a house is no home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	Beauty is boring because it is predictable. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Because Great Britain has self-confidence, it doesn't need a monumental Olympics. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	Because of lies, we can produce and invent a possible world. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Because of technology, we don't develop telepathy. We don't use telepathy, but use, you know, the mobile phones. Why? -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Because of the economic crisis, China and the United States are bound together. This is a totally new phenomenon, and nobody will fight for ideology anymore. It's all about business. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	Because, if one is writing novels today, concentrating on the beauty of the prose is right up there with concentrating on your semi-colons, for wasted effort. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Bedap, who had been putting on weight at the waist and was serious about exercise, was trotting earnestly around the playing field. The others were sitting on a dusty bank under trees, getting their exercise verbally. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	Before I was shot, I always thought that I was more half-there than all-there - I always suspected that I was watching TV instead of living life. Right when I was being shot and ever since, I knew that I was watching television. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Behind every great fortune lies a great crime. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Beijing's Olympics were very grand - they were trying to throw a party for the world, but the hosts didn't enjoy it. The government didn't care about people's feelings because it was trying to create an image. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	Being a Jew, one learns to believe in the reality of cruelty and one learns to recognize indifference to human suffering as a fact. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	Being alone is very difficult. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Being alone with yourself is increasingly unpopular. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Being an artist is not easy - I have always said that to the students I have taught over the years. It's a huge sacrifice. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Being happy is more important than anything else. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Belief in the lie is the life of the lie. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	Belief is the wound that knowledge heals. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	Believe it or not, I can actually draw. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	Berlusconi is a genius in communication. Otherwise, he would never have become so rich. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Better reality than a dream: if something is real, then it's real and you're not to blame. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Between a man and a woman there is what they want there to be between them... each, and both. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Between the ages of fifteen and twenty-four, I must have read a whole library. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Between the daylight gambler and the player at night there is the same difference that lies between a careless husband and the lover swooning under his lady's window. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Beware of over-great pleasure in being popular or even beloved. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	Beyond a doubt truth bears the same relation to falsehood as light to darkness. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Big Brother is watching you. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Bir hrsz yaratmak iin bir sahip yaratn; su yaratmak istiyorsanz, yasalar koyun. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Bir hrsz yaratmak iin, bir sahip yaratn; su yaratmak istiyorsanz, yasalar koyun.' ToplumsalOrganizma. Ursula Le Guin, Mlkszler
creative	sfw	Bir insann yeniden doabilmesi iin, lmesi gerekir Tenar. O taraftan grld kadar zor bir ey deil bu." Ged Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	Bir kabusta yayorum, diye geirdi iinden, arada bir uykumda aylabildiim bir kabusta. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven / The Dispossessed / The Wind's Twelve Quarters
creative	sfw	Biz hayal gc zengin insanlar'Evvel zaman iinde bir ejderha varm.' ya da 'Toprakta bir delikte bir hobbit yaarm.' gibi cmlelerle, byle gerek d eylerle kendi tuhaf tarzmz sayesinde hakikate ulaabiliriz. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Blacks who lack a proper killing rage are merely victims. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Blessed are the blind, for they know not enough to ask why. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	Blinding ignorance does mislead us. O! Wretched mortals, open your eyes! -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Bondage is the life of personality, and for bondage the personal self will fight with tireless resourcefulness and the most stubborn cunning. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Bondage is the life of personality, and for bondage the personal self will fight with tireless resourcefulness and the most stubborn cunning. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Boredom makes you do crazy things. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Boris Pasternak said that poetry makes itself from the relationship between the sounds and the meanings of words. Ursula K. Le Guin, Dancing at the Edge of the World: Thoughts on Words, Women, Places
creative	sfw	Bright fame, bright glory will crown Lavinia. But she brings her people war. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Btn duvarlar gibi iki anlaml, iki yzlyd. Neyin ieride, neyin darda olduu, duvarn hangi yanndan baktnza balyd. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Btn kk eyler anlamlyd, yalnzca btn anlamszd. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Bu yzden gemi drt yla bakan Shevek, onlar yitirilmi olarak deil, Takver'le yaamlarnda kurduklar yapnn bir paras olarak grd. Zamana kar almaktansa zamanla birlikte almann iyi yan, diye dnd, zamann boa harcanmamasdr. Ac bile ie yaryor. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Bums are the well-to-do of this day. They didn't have as far to fall. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	Bureaucracy is a giant mechanism operated by pygmies. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	But I think we will have trouble learning how to lie, having for so long practiced the art of going round an round the truth without ever lying about it, or reaching it either. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	But I'm not going to stand up on a gravestone and look down on life and say, 'O lovely! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	But I, who am old, who have done what I must do, who stand in the daylight facing my own death, the end of all possibility, I know that there is only one power that is real and worth the having. And that is the power, not to take, but to accept. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	But Italy is not an intellectual country. On the subway in Tokyo everybody reads. In Italy, they don't. Don't evaluate Italy from the fact that it produced Raphael and Michelangelo. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	But Vetch, who had not done so lightly, said, Her name is safe with you as mine is. And, besides, you knew it without my telling you . . . Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	But as we did without clergy, let us do without soldiers. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
creative	sfw	But because she was not a girl now, she was not awed, but only wondered at how men ordered their world into this dance of masks, and how easily a woman might learn to dance it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
creative	sfw	But belief is the wound that knowledge heals, and death begins the Telling of our life Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	But by God sometimes you have to be able to think about the unthinkable! Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	But even the most unmissionary soul, unless he pretend he has no emotions, is sometimes faced with a choice between commission and omission. 'What are they doing?' abruptly becomes, 'What are we doing?' and then, 'What must I do? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
creative	sfw	But he had not brought anything. His hands were empty, as they had always been. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	But is it only bigots, then, who are allowed to go out into the cosmos? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	But it doesn't take a thousand men to open a door, my lord." "It might to keep it open. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	But it is one thing to read about dragons and another to meet them. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	But love is really more of an interactive process. It's about what we do not just what we feel. It's a verb, not a noun. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	But need alone is not enough to set power free: there must be knowledge. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	But nobody in one lifetime could read more than a fragment of what was here, this broken labyrinth of words, this shattered, interrupted story of a people and a world through the centuries, the millennia. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	But now I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	But now his dry and silent grieving for his lost wife must end, for there she stood, the fierce, recalcitrant, and fragile stranger, forever to be won again. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	But only art and music have the power to bring peace. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	But reason always cuts a poor figure beside sentiment; the one being essentially restricted, like everything that is positive, while the other is infinite. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	But she knew, though very vaguely, that she was crying, because hope hurts terribly when it breaks through the resignation in which you have lived for days. Ursula K. Le Guin, Planet of Exile / Mankind Under the Leash
creative	sfw	But the death of a great mage, who has many times in his life walked on the dry steep hillsides of deaths kingdom, is a strange matter: for the dying man goes not blindly, but surely, knowing the way. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	But the human being likes to be challenged, seeks freedom in adversity. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	But was not a theory of which all the elements were provably true a simple tautology? In the region of the unprovable, or even the disprovable, lay the only chance for breaking out of the circle and going ahead. In Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	But we're all walking in the night, now, on ground we don't know. When the day comes we may know where we are, or we may not. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
creative	sfw	But you're so strong. I wish I were strong. I just like eating. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	By the time you've reached your sixties, you do know that one day you will die, and knowing that is at least the beginning of wisdom. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	By turning from the surface, one comes closer to the inner laws of matter, which are also the laws of the Spirit. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	Can true function arise from basic dysfunction? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Can women operate as women in a male institution without becoming imitation men? Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Can works be made which are not 'of art'? -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Can you walk the road your dream goes? Sometimes. Sometimes I am afraid to. Who is not. ... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
creative	sfw	Cancer is an emotional disease. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Candy is dandy but liquor is quicker. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Captain Cook discovered Australia looking for the Terra Incognita. Christopher Columbus thought he was finding India but discovered America. History is full of events that happened because of an imaginary tale. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Carol Emshwiller: Ledoyt First published in 1997, revised in 2002, and revised again for this book Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, but it's very funny - Did you ever try buying them without money? -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Certainly we can end racism with love. We can demand that the federal government change its emphasis on racial distinction. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Chance, my dear, is the sovereign deity in child-bearing. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Charles Saatchi has never liked my work at all. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	Chastity - the most unnatural of all the sexual perversions. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Chastity - the most unnatural of all the sexual perversions. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Checks aren't money. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Chemically speaking or biologically, we research things, but we don't know half of them. We only know our half of it - symbolically - and we don't know ourselves more than half. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Chess can be described as the movement of pieces eating one another. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Childbearing is glorified in part because women die from it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	Children are remarkable for their intelligence and ardor, for their curiosity, their intolerance of shams, the clarity and ruthlessness of their vision. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Children are remarkable for their intelligence and ardor, for their curiosity, their intolerance of shams, the clarity and ruthlessness of their vision. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Children aren't happy with nothing to ignore, and that's what parents were created for. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Children know perfectly well that unicorns arent real, but they also know that books about unicorns, if they are good books, are true books. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction
creative	sfw	Children, dear and loving children, can alone console a woman for the loss of her beauty. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	China and the U.S. are two societies with very different attitudes towards opinion and criticism. In China, I am constantly under surveillance. Even my slightest, most innocuous move can - and often is - censored by Chinese authorities. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	China is an old nation with a colourful history. Its booming economy has triggered an appetite and a curiosity around the world for its art and culture, one that continues to grow. I can, however, tell people that it is a show with no actor. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	Cinders patter, falling with the snow. We creep infinitesimally northward through the dirty chaos of a world in the process of making itself. Praise then Creation unfinished! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Class is more than money. Class is also about knowledge. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Clouds symbolize the veils that shroud God. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Commitments the voters don't know about can't hurt you. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Common Sense is that which judges the things given to it by other senses. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Communism is in conflict with human nature. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	Company makes my day. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Compare the torrent and the glacier. Both get where they are going. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Confucius and you are both dreams, and I who say you are dreams am a dream myself. This is a paradox. Tomorrow a wise man may explain it; that tomorrow will not be for ten thousand generations. CHUANG TSE: II Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Conscience is our unerring judge until we finally stifle it. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Consistency is a virtue until it gets annoying Ursula K. Le Guin, The Unreal and the Real: Selected Stories, Volume One: Where on Earth
creative	sfw	Consistency is a virtue until it gets annoying. ursula le guin, The Unreal and the Real: Selected Stories Volume One: Where on Earth: 1
creative	sfw	Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are dead. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are dead. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Conspiracies do exist. Probably in this moment in New York there is an economic group making a conspiracy in order to buy three banks. But if they succeed, they are immediately discovered. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Continuity isn't actually something that I ever worry about. You use it where you need to, and you don't use it where you don't need to. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Controversy is part of the nature of art and creativity. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Countries have lost their culture because what they wanted was money. Money became the running theme in every country and culture was sacrificed. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Courtesy is only a thin veneer on the general selfishness. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Crafty writers...don't allow Exposition to form Lumps. They break up the information, grind it fine, and make it into bricks to build the story with. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: Exercises and Discussions on Story Writing for the Lone Navigator or the Mutinous Crew
creative	sfw	Crap has always happened, crap is happening, and crap will continue to happen. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Creationists make it sound as though a 'theory' is something you dreamt up after being drunk all night. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	Creativity can only be anarchic, capitalist, Darwinian. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Cured? Goss said. Would you cure a singer of his voice? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Cynical realism is the intelligent man's best excuse for doing nothing in an intolerable situation. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Cynical realism is the intelligent man's best excuse for doing nothing in an intolerable situation. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	DJs are in incredible competition, musically. And they are the most musically creative and sensitive people in all the music charts. I am amazed how they are. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Dada was an extreme protest against the physical side of painting. It was a metaphysical attitude. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Dalton's records, carefully preserved for a century, were destroyed during the World War II bombing of Manchester. It is not only the living who are killed in war. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	Dance, theatre, etc. as art, will disappear along with the dominating 'expression' of tragedy and harmony: the movement of life itself will become harmonious. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	Dancing is a very healthy thing to do for our body. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Darkness is only in the mortal eye, that thinks it sees, but sees not. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	David Fincher is a genius. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	De Sade is the one completely consistent and thoroughgoing revolutionary of history. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	De Sade is the one completely consistent and thoroughgoing revolutionary of history. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Dead anarchists make martyrs, you know, and keep living for centuries. But absent ones can be forgotten. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Death and life are the same thing-like the two sides of my hand, the palm and the back. And still the palm and the back are not the same...They can be neither separated, nor mixed. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Death is with you all the time; you get deeper in it as you move towards it, but it's not unfamiliar to you. It's always been there, so what becomes unfamiliar to you when you pass away from the moment is really life. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Death sentences are short and very, very manly. Life sentences arent. They go on and on, all full of syntax and qualifying clauses and confusing references and getting old. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination
creative	sfw	Death unites as well as separates; it silences all paltry feeling. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Defined in psychological terms, a fanatic is a man who consciously over-compensates a secret doubt. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Defined in psychological terms, a fanatic is a man who consciously over-compensates a secret doubt. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Democratic societies are unfit for the publication of such thunderous revelations as I am in the habit of making. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Desar's chosen field in mathematics was so esoteric that nobody in the Institute or the Math Federation could really check on his progress. That was precisely why he had chosen it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Despite what some adults seem to think, teenagers are fully human. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Dessutom tar jag hellre emot dliga nyheter frn en rlig man n lgner frn en smickrare (s. 72). Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
creative	sfw	Det som frblir ofrndrat fr lnge frstr sig sjlv. Skogen r evig drfr att den dr och dr och drfr lever." (s. 319) Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
creative	sfw	Deux tres unis par un profond amour n'ont-ils pas des chances de se faire mal non moins profondment? N'en ont-ils pas le pouvoir? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Deviants are sacrificed to increase group solidarity. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Dickens is one of those authors who are well worth stealing. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Dickens, as you know, never got round to starting his home page. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Did perpetual happiness in the Garden of Eden maybe get so boring that eating the apple was justified? -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Direct address has been a consistent tactic in my work, regardless of the medium that I'm working in. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	Disciples be damned. It's not interesting. It's only the masters that matter. Those who create. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Distance doesn't exist, in fact, and neither does time. Vibrations from love or music can be felt everywhere, at all times. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Distortion came first from the fauves, who, in turn, were under the strong influence of primitive art. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Distrust everything I say. I am telling the truth. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Dnceler bask altna alnarak yok edilemez. Onlar ancak dikkate alnmayarak yok edilebilir. Dnmeyi reddederek - deimeyi reddederek. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Dnya hep yenidir, kkleri ne kadar eski de olsa. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
creative	sfw	Dnyada sadece tek bir ey kt yrekli bir insana kar durabilir. O da baka bir insandr. Aybmzda yatar erefimiz. Sadece bizim ruhumuz, ktle ak olan ruhumuz, onu yenmeye muktedirdir. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Dnyann ne kadar gzel olduunu grmenin yolu, onu ay gibi grmekten geiyor. Yaamn ne gzel olduunu grmenin yolu lmn bak asndan bakmaktan geiyor. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Do nothing because it is righteous or praiseworthy or noble to do so; do nothing because it seems good to do so; do only that which you must do and which you cannot do in any other way. Ursula K. LeGuin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Do the thing you fear to do and keep on doing it... that is the quickest and surest way ever yet discovered to conquer fear. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Do what is needful. And no more! Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Do you know how to read?" "No. It is one of the black arts." He nodded. "But a useful one," he said. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	Do you know why language manifests itself the way it does in my work? It's because I understand short attention spans. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	Do you think my mind is maturing late, or simply rotted early? -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Doing the forbidden is a normal function of growth. -- Paul Goodman, Growing Up Absurd
creative	sfw	Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Don't be condescending to unskilled labor. Try it for a half a day first. -- Brooks Atkinson
creative	sfw	Don't bother about being modern. Unfortunately it is the one thing that, whatever you do, you cannot avoid. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Don't pay any attention to what they write about you. Just measure it in inches. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Don't put my name on it. These are simply documents I make. -- Man Ray
creative	sfw	Dont WORry if OTHers disaGREE DONT WORry if OTHers DISagree Dont WORry if OTHers DISaGREE Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination
creative	sfw	Dont shove me into your pigeonhole, where I dont fit, because Im all over. My tentacles are coming out of the pigeonhole in all directions. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Dragons think we are amusing. But they remember Erreth-Akbe. They speak of him as if he were a dragon, not a man. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	Drawing is the honesty of the art. There is no possibility of cheating. It is either good or bad. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Dream in a pragmatic way. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Dream in a pragmatic way. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Drop the last year into the silent limbo of the past. Let it go, for it was imperfect, and thank God that it can go. -- Brooks Atkinson
creative	sfw	Drudgery is as necessary to call out the treasures of the mind, as harrowing and planting those of the earth. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	During the 1960s, I think, people forgot what emotions were supposed to be. And I don't think they've ever remembered. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Each generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Each man is always in the middle of the surface of the earth and under the zenith of his own hemisphere, and over the centre of the earth. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Each nation feels superior to other nations. That breeds patriotism - and wars. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Early in life I had noticed that no event is ever correctly reported in a newspaper. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Eight years involved with the nuclear industry have taught me that when nothing can possible go wrong and every avenue has been covered, then is the time to buy a house on the next continent. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	El tiempo no transcurra. No haba tiempo. l era el tiempo: slo l. Era el ro, la flecha, la piedra. Pero no avanzaba. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Empathy is a tool for building people into groups, for allowing us to function as more than self-obsessed individuals. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Employees make the best dates. You don't have to pick them up and they're always tax-deductible. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	En yalnz deneyim olan ac, sempati ve sevgiyi dourur; benlik ve teki arasndaki kpry, birlemenin aralarn. Ursula K. Le Guin, Kadnlar, Ryalar, Ejderhalar
creative	sfw	Encender una vela es proyectar una sombra... Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Endurance may outlast hope. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Energy is so important. If you don't have it, don't bother with rock and roll. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Enjoy yourself because you can't change anything anyway. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Enlades ve Gont gibi sihirbaz bol lkelerde, yamur bulutlarnn bir tlsmdan bir tlsma ilerleyerek, sonunda ykn huzur iinde denize boaltncaya kadar, yava yava bir yandan bir yana, bir yerden bir yere hareket ettiini grebilirsiniz. Ursula K. Le Guin, Yerdeniz Bycs
creative	sfw	Enlightened people seldom or never possess a sense of responsibility. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Entering a novel is like going on a climb in the mountains: You have to learn the rhythms of respiration - acquire the pace. Otherwise you stop right away. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Erkein istedii zgrlktr , kadnn istedii mlkiyyettir Ursula Le Guin, Mlkszler
creative	sfw	Essays, entitled critical, are epistles addressed to the public, through which the mind of the recluse relieves itself of its impressions. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	Estraven asleep looked a little stupid, like everyone asleep. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Europe is so well gardened that it resembles a work of art, a scientific theory, a neat metaphysical system. Man has re-created Europe in his own image. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Europe is so well gardened that it resembles a work of art, a scientific theory, a neat metaphysical system. Man has re-created Europe in his own image. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Even from the brother there is no comfort in the bad hour, in the dark at the foot of the wall. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Even in merely reading a fairytale, we must let go our daylight convictions and trust ourselves to be guided by dark figures, in silence; and when we come back, it may be very hard to describe where we have been. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Even my mother told me: 'You are a handsome woman, but you're not pretty. Pretty girls don't have those big bones.' -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Even now, I have traces of the good little girl. When I am not performing, for instance, I am really very quiet and ordinary. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Even though I write about the human race, the further away from them, the better I feel. Two miles is great; two thousand miles is beautiful. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Even today, I frequently meet scientists who, outside their own narrow discipline, are superstitious. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Even when I was a little girl, I remember going to the Museum of Modern Art. I think my parents took me there once or twice. And what I really remember is the design collection. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	Events are the best teacher for us. You try to learn from people, there is always some bend to it. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Every Englishman is convinced of one thing, viz.: That to be an Englishman is to belong to the most exclusive club there is. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Every European goes on the streets and sees medieval churches. Not if you live in Indianapolis. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Every European goes on the streets and sees medieval churches. Not if you live in Indianapolis. The most exciting letters I received were from people in places like that. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Every New Year is the direct descendant, isn't it, of a long line of proven criminals? -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Every act of creation is first an act of destruction. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Every action needs to be prompted by a motive. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Every author has to eventually write a food book. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Every book purchase made from Amazon is a vote for a culture without content and without contentment. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Every drop in the ocean counts. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Every good painter paints what he is. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	Every man who knows how to read has it in his power to magnify himself, to multiply the ways in which he exists, to make his life full, significant and interesting. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Every man who knows how to read has it in his power to magnify himself, to multiply the ways in which he exists, to make his life full, significant and interesting. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Every man's memory is his private literature. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Every man's memory is his private literature. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Every moment in our lives is a miracle we should enjoy instead of ignoring. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Every now and then I'll do little things, a short story or something, that doesn't have any fantastical elements, but mostly I like the power of playing God and I like to imagine things. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Every once in a while, I get mad. 'The Lorax' came out of my being angry. The ecology books I'd read were dull... In 'The Lorax,' I was out to attack what I think are evil things and let the chips fall where they might. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Every party is the same, too many people, too little food, and you have to wait around. I'm extremely bored with parties. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Every positive value has its price in negative terms... the genius of Einstein leads to Hiroshima. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Every so often somebody writes a story or novel in the second person under the impression that it hasnt been done before. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
creative	sfw	Every terrorist regime in the world uses isolation to break people's spirits. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Every time that I write a novel I am convinced for at least two years that it is the last one, because a novel is like a child. It takes two years after its birth. You have to take care of it. It starts walking, and then speaking. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Every war when it comes, or before it comes, is represented not as a war but as an act of self-defense against a homicidal maniac. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Everybody's an artist. Everybody's God. It's just that they're inhibited. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Everyone needs a fantasy. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Everyone smiles with that invisible gun to their head. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Everyone wants an iPhone, but it would be impossible to design an iPhone in China because it's not a product; it's an understanding of human nature. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	Everyone who wants to do good to the human race always ends in universal bullying. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Everyone who wants to do good to the human race always ends in universal bullying. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Everything dreams. The play of form, of being, is the dreaming of substance. Rocks have their dreams, and the earth changes.... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Everything dreams. The play of form, of being, is the dreaming of substance. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Everything gives way before the recurring torment and festivity of passion. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Everything important that I have done can be put into a little suitcase. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Everything is a miracle. It is a miracle that one does not dissolve in one's bath like a lump of sugar. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Everything is expressed through relationship. Colour can exist only through other colours, dimension through other dimensions, position through other positions that oppose them. That is why I regard relationship as the principal thing. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	Everything is old, here. We are old - the Masters." "You're not," Irian said. She thought him between thirty and forty[...] "But I came far. Miles can be years. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Everything starts somewhere, although many physicists disagree. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Everything you can imagine is real. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Evolution was far more thrilling to me than the biblical account. Who would not rather be a rising ape than a falling angel? To my juvenile eyes, Darwin was proved true every day. It doesn't take much to make us flip back into monkeys again. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Excess is excrement, ... Excrement retained in the body is a poison. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Excess of joy is harder to bear than any amount of sorrow. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Experience does not err. Only your judgments err by expecting from her what is not in her power. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Experience never errs; it is only your judgments that err by promising themselves effects such as are not caused by your experiments. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Experience teaches only the teachable. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Experience teaches only the teachable. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Experience was my only teacher; I knew little of the modern art movement. When I first saw the works of the Impressionists, van Gogh, van Dongen, and Fauves, I admired it. But I had to seek the true way alone. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Expiring for love is beautiful but stupid. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Expressing anger is necessary. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	FEW CAN IGNORE A BABY'S CRIES, EVEN IF THE RESPONSE IS IRRITATION. THIS IS ONE OF THE BUILT IN SAFEGUARDS THAT IS SUPPOSED TO GUARANTEE THE SURVIVAL OF THE RACE. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Fact is one of our finest fictions. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
creative	sfw	Facts are no more slid, coherent, round, and real than pearls are. Bot both are sensitive. Le Guin Ursula
creative	sfw	Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Faithfulness is a social not a biological law. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Fantasy as an assembly-line commodity leaves me cold. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Fantasy is an exercise bicycle for the mind. It might not take you anywhere, but it tones up the muscles that can. Of course, I could be wrong. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Fantasy is nearer to poetry, to mysticism, and to insanity than naturalistic fiction is. It is a real wilderness, and those who go there should not feel too safe. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Fantasy is uni-age. You can start it in the creche, and it follows you to death. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Fantasy love is much better than reality love. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Farfetching. What one is after when farfetching might be described as the intuitive perception of a moral entirety; and thus it tends to find expression not in rational symbols, but in metaphor. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Farkl gnelerin klar farkldr, ama tek bir karanlk vardr. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Fatos no so mais slidos, coerentes, perfeitos e reais do que prolas. Mas ambos so sensveis. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Fear is the greatest incapacitator. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Fear not those who argue but those who dodge. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Fear prophets and those prepared to die for the truth, for as a rule they make many others die with them, often before them, at times instead of them. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Feasts must be solemn and rare, or else they cease to be feasts. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Feasts must be solemn and rare, or else they cease to be feasts. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Feeling sorry for yourself, and your present condition, is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Feet, what do I need you for when I have wings to fly? -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	Felicidade tem a ver com a razo, s pode ser conquistada pela razo. O que ganhei foi uma coisa que no se pode conquistar, no se pode manter e, muitas vezes, no se pode nem reconhecer no momento; falo de jbilo. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Feminism is hated because women are hated. Anti-feminism is a direct expression of misogyny; it is the political defense of women hating. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	Few great men could pass personnel. -- Paul Goodman
creative	sfw	Few things in life seem more sexy than a banned book. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Fiction offers the best means of understanding people different from oneself, short of experience. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	Finance, like time, devours its own children. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home... it's your responsibility to love it, or change it. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Find out what you're afraid of and go live there. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Fire and fear, good servants, bad lords. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	First ask yourself: What is the worst that can happen? Then prepare to accept it. Then proceed to improve on the worst. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	First love is a kind of vaccination which saves a man from catching the complaint the second time. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	First of all, to do performance art, you really have to give 100 percent. I only know that I have to give 100 percent and then what happens, happens. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Fish and visitors stink after three days. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Followers of the occult believe in only what they already know, and in those things that confirm what they have already learned. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	For a creative writer possession of the 'truth' is less important than emotional sincerity. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	For a while, I was drawing on good paper, but now I've gone back to the bad stuff. I put matte medium on it. If you put matte medium on it, it seals up, so it doesn't really matter. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	For a word to be spoken, there must be silence. Before, and after. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	For discipline is the channel in which our acts run strong and deep; where there is no direction, the deeds of men run shallow and wander and are wasted. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	For heroes do not make historythat is the historians jobbut, passive, let themselves be borne along, swept up to the crest of the tide of change, of chance, of war. Ursula K. Le Guin, Orsinian Tales
creative	sfw	For if it's all the rest of us who are killed by the suicide, it's himself whom the murderer kills; only he has to do is over, and over, and over. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
creative	sfw	For in this love he now felt there was compassion: without which love is untempered, and is not whole, and does not last. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	For magic consists in this, the true naming of a thing. Ursula K. LeGuin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	For me and my entire generation, we took on this kind of sarcastic, ironic, snarkiness because it seemed the most extreme reaction to the earnestness of hippies. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	For me, forgiveness and compassion are always linked: how do we hold people accountable for wrongdoing and yet at the same time remain in touch with their humanity enough to believe in their capacity to be transformed? ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	For me, it is OK as long as I can breathe, as long as my heart is pumping, as long as I can express myself. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	For me, performance is a holy ground. When I perform, I really step into a different state of consciousness. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	For me, the 'Three Stoppages' was a first gesture liberating me from the past. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	For me, the glory of my first 25 years as a writer was I could put things off as long as I wanted. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	For me, the most difficult piece is the one I'm about to make. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	For me, there has always been a disconnect with the sort of elitist structure of the high-art world - and my distaste for that is at odds with my feeling that art should aspire to do great things. -- Shepard Fairey
creative	sfw	For once you have tasted flight you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been and there you will long to return. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	For passion, be it observed, brings insight with it; it can give a sort of intelligence to simpletons, fools, and idiots, especially during youth. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	For precocity some great price is always demanded sooner or later in life. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	For the kindest of them was as far out of touch, as unreachable, as the crudest. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
creative	sfw	For to keep dark the mind of the mageborn, that is a dangerous thing. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	For, verily, great love springs from great knowledge of the beloved object, and if you little know it, you will be able to love it only little or not at all. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Fortune-telling and love-potions are not of much account, but old women are worth listening to. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Four legs good, two legs bad. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Fracking is an incredible risk to the human race, I don't know why they even thought of doing it. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Fracking kills, and it doesn't just kill us. It kills the land, nature and, eventually, the whole world. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Free action is to live in the present society as though it were a natural society. -- Paul Goodman
creative	sfw	Freedom is never very safe. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Freedom is the right to tell people what they do not want to hear. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Freedom without limits is just a word. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	From a purely ethnological point of view, I was not a period-born Dada. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	From lies to forgeries the step is not so long, and I have written technical essays on the logic of forgeries and on the influence of forgeries on history. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	From my close observation of writers... they fall into two groups: 1) those who bleed copiously and visibly at any bad review, and 2) those who bleed copiously and secretly at any bad review. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	From the moment you are born, you could die. I think as an artist it is important to meditate on that. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	From their experience or from the recorded experience of others (history), men learn only what their passions and their metaphysical prejudices allow them to learn. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	From their experience or from the recorded experience of others (history), men learn only what their passions and their metaphysical prejudices allow them to learn. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Fun is good. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Game shows are designed to make us feel better about the random, useless facts that are all we have left of our education. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Generally, a writer of force is anywhere from 20 years to 200 years ahead of his generation. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Genius is always allowed some leeway, once the hammer has been pried from its hands and the blood has been cleaned up. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Genocide begins, however improbably, in the conviction that classes of biological distinction indisputably sanction social and political discrimination. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	George MacDonald: The Princess and the Goblin Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	George Orr stayed in Portland because he had always lived there and because he had no reason to believe that life anywhere else would be better, or different. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	George, it's impossible to correct a defective reality-orientation overnight. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Geraldine Brooks: People of the Book Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	Gerek kardelik paylalan acda balyor. Mlkszler Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Gerek yolculuk geri dntr. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Gerek yolculuk geri dntr... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Give me a museum and I'll fill it. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Give me rampant intellectualism as a coping mechanism. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Go into a dark bar for a bit and have a beer with Dionysios, every now and then. I talk about the gods; I am an atheist. But I am an artist too, and therefore a liar. Distrust everything I say. I am telling the truth. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Go on, prove me wrong. Destroy the fabric of the universe. See if I care. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Go to bed; tired is stupid. Tomorrow Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Go to bed; tired is stupid. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Go where people sleep and see if they are safe -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat. He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	God isn't compatible with machinery and scientific medicine and universal happiness. You must make your choice. Our civilization has chosen machinery and medicine and happiness. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	God isn't compatible with machinery and scientific medicine and universal happiness. You must make your choice. Our civilization has chosen machinery and medicine and happiness. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	God speaks, spirits speak, computers speak. Oracular ambiguity or statistical probability provides loopholes, and discrepancies are expunged by Faith. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	God, if there is a God, take my soul, if I have a soul. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	Going off the grid is always good for me. It's the way that I've started books and finished books and gotten myself out of deadline dooms and things. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Going with the flow is soothing but risky. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Good Lord, you're funny, too! Is there anything you arent? A salesman, he said. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	Good artists copy, great artists steal. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Good plays drive bad playgoers crazy. -- Brooks Atkinson
creative	sfw	Good writing is like a windowpane. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Goodbye, goodbye. Fish and visitors stink after three days. Goodbye! Ursula K. Le Guin, Worlds of Exile and Illusion: Rocannon's World / Planet of Exile / City of Illusions
creative	sfw	Gradually the healing took place, seeming as it always does that it wasn't taking place. Ursula K. LeGuin
creative	sfw	Graffiti's always been a temporary art form. You make your mark and then they scrub it off. -- Banksy
creative	sfw	Gravity is not controlled physically in us by one of the 5 ordinary senses. We always reduce a gravity experience to an autocognizance, real or imagined, registered inside us in the region of the stomach. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Great Art is Great because it inspired you greatly. If it didn't, no matter what the critics, the museums and the galleries say, it's not great art for you. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Great love affairs start with Champagne and end with tisane. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Great, big, serious novels always get awards. If it's a battle between a great, big, serious novel and a funny novel, the funny novel is doomed. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Greed puts out the sun. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
creative	sfw	HOW CONCISE THAT YOU CAN CRY FROM AWFUL WOUNDS, DESERTION, HAPPINESS, MEMORIES, HUMILIATION, DISAPPOINTMENT OR GRANDEUR. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	HOW DO YOU FIND THE RIGHT POSITION TO LIE DOWN WITH PEOPLE OR EVEN ANIMALS? OFTEN ONE OF THE PARTNERS IS SMOTHERED OR CONTORTED. WHEN DONE PROPERLY, THOUGH, EVERYONE IS HAPPY. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Habit converts luxurious enjoyments into dull and daily necessities. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Habit converts luxurious enjoyments into dull and daily necessities. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Had his fear, in fact, been the personal fear that Selver might having learnt the racial hatred, reject him and treat him not as you but as one of them. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
creative	sfw	Hands on your breast can keep your heart beating. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Happiness can exist only in acceptance. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Happiness comes from the full understanding of your own being. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Happiness has to do with reason, and only reason earns it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Happiness is a hard master, particularly other people's happiness. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Happiness is a hard master, particularly other people's happiness. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Happiness is based on a just discrimination of what is necessary, what is neither necessary nor destructive, and what is destructive Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
creative	sfw	Happiness is having a scratch for every itch. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Happiness is such a good state, it doesn't need to be creative. You're not creative from happiness, you're just happy. You're creative when you're miserable and depressed. You find the key to transform things. Happiness does not need to transform. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Hard times are coming, when well be wanting the voices of writers who can see alternatives to how we live now, can see through our fear-stricken society and its obsessive technologies to other ways of being, and even imagine real grounds for hope. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Hardly anybody ever writes anything nice about introverts. Extroverts rule. This is rather odd when you realise that about nineteen writers out of twenty are introverts. We are been taught to be ashamed of not being 'outgoing'. But a writer's job is ingoing. Ursula K. LeGuin
creative	sfw	Hate eats the hater Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	Hate eats the hater, she quoted from a familiar text of the Telling. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	Hate's not functional; why are we taught it? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Have you never thought how danger must surround power as shadow does light? Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Having a bunch of cats around is good. If you're feeling bad, you just look at the cats, you'll feel better because they know that everything is just as it is. There's nothing to get excited about. They just know. They're saviours. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Having a son is not all pleasure. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Having intelligence, we must not act in ignorance. Having choice, we must not act without responsibility. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Having one king, one god, one belief, they can act single-mindedly. Ursula K. Le Guin, Voices
creative	sfw	He also had a kind of helpless politeness, which I took advantage of. He was quite incapable of refusing a direct request, and so, because I asked him to, he invited me to several parties during the month I stayed in Hemgogn. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
creative	sfw	He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	He copulated with a number of girls, but copulation was not the joy it ought to be. It was a mere relief of need, like evacuating, and he felt ashamed of it afterward because it involved another person as object. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	He drove his kind of realism at me so hard I bounced right into nonobjective painting. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	He felt disinclined to move. To move would disturb the perfect, stable moment, the balance of the world. The winter light along the ceiling was beautiful beyond expression. He Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	He gave way to the fear that had come with her, the sense of the breaking of promises, the incoherence of Time. He broke. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	He grinned a little as he thought it; for he had always liked that pause, that fearful pause, the moment before things changed. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
creative	sfw	He had almost yielded, but not quite. He had not consented. It is very hard for evil to take hold of the unconsenting soul. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	He had been groping and grabbing after certainty, as if it were something he could possess. He had been demanding a security, a guarantee, which is not granted: and which, if granted, would become a prison. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	He had been trying to measure the distance between the earth and God. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters
creative	sfw	He had grown up in a country run by politicians who sent the pilots to man the bombers to kill the babies to make the world safe for children to grow up in. But Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	He had grown up in a country run by politicians who sent the pilots to man the bombers to kill the babies to make the world safe for children to grow up in. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	He had made follow him. He had called her by her name, and she had come crouching to his hand. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	He had read much, if one considers his long life; but his contemplation was much more than his reading. He was wont to say that if he had read as much as other men he should have known no more than other men. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	He is the earth and sunlight, the leaves of trees, the eagle's flight. He is alive. And all who ever died, live; they are reborn and have no end, nor will there ever be an end. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	He knew now, and the knowledge was hard, that his task had never been to undo what he had done, but to finish what he had begun. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	He knew that insofar as one denies what is, one is possessed by what is not, the compulsions, the fantasies, the terrors that flock to fill the void. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	He laid his hands on her head, pushing back the hood. He began to speak. His voice was soft, and the words were in no tongue she had ever heard. The sound of them came into her heart like rain falling. She grew still to listen. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	He liked the way she began her fierce, scornful sentences so often with a weak, conciliatory 'well.' She cut the ground out from under them before they ever got going, let them hang unsupported in the void. She had courage, great courage. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	He listened to the radio, but it would not listen to him. He was all alone, and nothing seemed to be real in solitude. He needed somebody, anybody, to talk to, he had to tell them what he felt so that he knew if he felt anything. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	He lost weight; he walked light on the earth. Lack of physical labour, lack of variety of occupation, lack of social and sexual intercourse, none of these appeared to him as lacks, but as freedom. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	He loved Shevek, but he could not show him what freedom is, that recognition of each person's solitude which alone transcends it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	He said, Please tell me, Sutty, is the institutionalised homophobia very difficult for you? I grew up with it. Under the Unists. Not only the Unists. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	He saw time turn back upon itself, a river flowing upward to the spring. He held the contemporaneity of two moments in his left and right hands; as he moved them apart he smiled to see the moments separate like dividing soap bubbles. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	He seemed not to know the uses of silence. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	He thought he had learned pain, but he would learn it again and again, all his life, and forget none of it. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	He thought of death, in that gap between the beginning of a step and its completion, and at the end of the step he stood on a new earth. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	He thought, I am living in a nightmare, from which from time to time I wake in sleep. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	He took pleasure in her inconsequential talk just as he did in the sunshine and the snow. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	He tried to read an elementary economics text; it bored him past endurance, it was like listening to somebody interminably recounting a long and stupid dream. He Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	He was a hard shrewd jovial politician, whose acts of kindness served his interest and whose interest was himself. His type is panhuman. I had met him on Earth, and on Hain, and on Ollul. I expect to meet him in Hell. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	He was all alone, and nothing seemed to be real in solitude. Ursula Le Guin
creative	sfw	He was an embittered atheist, the sort of atheist who does not so much disbelieve in God as personally dislike Him. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	He was appalled by the examination system, when it was explained to him, he could not imagine a greater detterent to the natural wish to learn than this pattern of cramming in information and disgorging it on demand. Ursula K. Le guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	He was appalled by the examination system, when it was explained to him; he could not imagine a greater deterrent to the natural wish to learn than this pattern of cramming in information and disgorging it at demand. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	He was born to be alone, a damned cold intellectual, an egoist. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	He was clearly aware of only one thing, his own total isolation. The world had fallen out from under him, and he was left alone. To die is to lose the self and rejoin the rest. He had kept himself, and lost the rest. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	He was not interested in detached knowledge, science for science's sake: there was no use learning anything if it was of no use. Relevance was his touchstone. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	He was the sort of person who stood on mountaintops during thunderstorms in wet copper armour shouting 'All the Gods are bastards.' -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	He was very weary; the day had been long, and full of dragons. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	He who loves practice without theory is like the sailor who boards ship without a rudder and compass and never knows where he may cast. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	He who wishes to be rich in a day will be hanged in a year. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	He whom God has touched will always be a being apart: he is, whatever he may do, a stranger among men; he is marked by a sign. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	He will die of it. That he will: what does a man die of but his death? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	He would not have fought for less than the truth, but it was the fighting he had loved, better than the truth. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	He, after all, had no standards of manliness, of virility, to complicate his pride. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Healing yourself is connected with healing others. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Heathen" is merely a word for somebody who knows a different sacredness than you know Ursula K. Le Guin, Voices
creative	sfw	Heaven and earth begin in the unnamed: names the mother of the ten thousand things. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tao Te Ching: A Book about the Way and the Power of the Way
creative	sfw	Hector had no virtue? Of course he did. He won all his battles, till the last one. We all do, Aeneas remarked. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Hell isn't merely paved with good intentions; it's walled and roofed with them. Yes, and furnished too. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Hell isn't merely paved with good intentions; it's walled and roofed with them. Yes, and furnished too. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Her despair grew so great that it burst her breast open and like a bird of fire shattered the stone and broke out into the light of day--the light of day, faint in her windowless room. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	Her ey konuur; duymak istiyorsan, sessiz ol... Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Here you think the incentive to work is finances, need for money or desire for profit, but where there's no money the real motives are clearer, maybe. people like to do things. They like to do them well. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Here, the government can check not only act but thought. Surely no men should have such power over others. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Hi kimse cezay kazanmaz, dl de. Aklnz hak etmek, kazanmak gibi fikirlerden arndrn, ancak o zaman dnebileceksiniz. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Hideo," said my mother, in the terrifying way women have of passing without interval from one subject to another because they have them all present in their mind at once, "you haven't found any kind of relationship? Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
creative	sfw	Hija de un antroplogo, esta disciplina influy en su concepcin del hombre involucrado en culturas que le son ajenas. Su obra puede ser vista como un amplio fresco antropolgico-fantstico. Ursula K. Le Guin, El da antes de la revolucin
creative	sfw	His eyes saved him. What they insisted on seeing and reporting to him took him out of the autism of terror. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	His gentleness was uncompromising; because he would not compete for dominance, he was indomitable. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	His themes were not pride and love at all, though he used the words perpetually; as he used them they meant self-praise and hate. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	His words cost him so much, she thought, not like hers that just came dancing out of the air and went back into it. He spoke from his marrow. It made what he said a solemn compliment, which she accepted gratefully... Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
creative	sfw	History is not a science, it's an art. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	History must be what we have escaped from. It is what we were, not what we are. History is what we need never do again. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
creative	sfw	Hogeldin, oul," dedi Ogion. "Sana, ayrldm zamanki gibi geri geldim: Bir aptal olarak," dedi gen adam; sesi sertlemi, kalnlamt. -129 Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Hold fast to the one noble thing. Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
creative	sfw	Hollywood is not suited for me, and I am not suited for it. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Home isnt Mom and Dad and Sis and Bud. Home isnt where they have to let you in. Its not a place at all. Home is imaginary. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	Homer lets us each make our own Helen; and so she is immortal. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Homer truly doesnt take sides, and so he permits the story to be tragic. By tragedy, mind and soul are grieved, enlarged, and exalted. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Homer's work hits again and again on the topos of the inexpressible. People will always do that. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Honor can exist anywhere, love can exist anywhere, but justice can exist only among people who found their relationships upon it. Now, Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	Honor can exist anywhere, love can exist anywhere, but justice can exist only among people who found their relationships upon it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	Housekeeping, the art of the infinite, is no game for amateurs. Ursula K. Le Guin, Sur
creative	sfw	How did it get so late so soon? Its night before its afternoon. December is here before its June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon? -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	How did you get all this? Stole it, said the one-time prime minister of Karhide, Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	How do I know," she said at last, "that you are what you seem to be?" "You don't," Said he. "I don't know what I seem, to you. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	How do you resign yourself to something that will never be? You stop wanting just that thing. You go numb. Or you kill the agent of desire. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	How does a person feel when looking at the sky? He thinks that he doesn't have enough tongues to describe what he sees. Nevertheless, people have never stopping describing the sky, simply listing what they see. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	How many emperors and how many princes have lived and died and no record of them remains, and they only sought to gain dominions and riches in order that their fame might be ever-lasting. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	How rich we are in knowledge, and in all that lies around us yet to learn. Billionaires, all of us. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	How would it ever occur to a sane man that he could fly? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	How you play is what you win. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Human beings are religious animals. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Human subtlety will never devise an invention more beautiful, more simple or more direct than does nature because in her inventions nothing is lacking, and nothing is superfluous. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	Humanity, you never had it to begin with. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Humankind is innocent, loving, and creative, you dig? It's the bureaucracies that create the evil, that make Honor and Community impossible, and it's the kids who really take it in the groin. -- Paul Goodman
creative	sfw	Humor and laughter - not necessarily derogatory derision - are my pet tools. This may come from my general philosophy of never taking the world too seriously - for fear of dying of boredom. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I KNOW WHO YOU ARE AND IT DOES ME NO GOOD AT ALL -- Jenny Holzer, Lustmord
creative	sfw	I SAW THEIR STUNNING BODIES GO SLACK AND GET HAIR IN THE WRONG PLACES AND I VOWED I WOULD NOT PERMIT THAT TO HAPPEN TO ME. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I admire Ai Weiwei for his art and his activism. His art is beautiful in form, and in function embodies the principles of populism and social consciousness I aspire to in my own practice. -- Shepard Fairey
creative	sfw	I admire all people who are trying to be a good power in this chaotic world. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I always grow poetic when I am lying to myself. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
creative	sfw	I always hear myself saying, 'She's a beauty!' or 'He's a beauty!' or 'What a beauty!' but I never know what I'm talking about. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I always like to see if the art across the street is better than mine. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I always thought I'd like my own tombstone to be blank. No epitaph, and no name. Well, actually, I'd like it to say 'figment.' -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I always thought that I was an important musician. If you don't have that confidence, why would you go on and do it? -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I always wished I had died, and I still wish that, because I could have gotten the whole thing over with. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I always wondered why the makers leave housekeeping and cooking out of their tales. Isn't it what all the great wars and battles are fought for -- so that at day's end a family may eat together in a peaceful house? Ursula K. Le Guin, Voices
creative	sfw	I always wondered why the makers leave housekeeping and cooking out of their tales. Isn't it what all the great wars and battles are fought forso that at day's end a family may eat together in a peaceful house? Ursula K. Le Guin, Voices
creative	sfw	I am a dangerous man when turned loose with a typewriter. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	I am a deeply superficial person. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I am a great fan of science, but I cannot do a quadratic equation. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I am afraid to end up being in need to sell canvases - in other words, to be a society painter. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I am against the word 'anti' because it's a little bit like 'atheist,' as compared to 'believer.' And an atheist is just as much of a religious man as the believer is. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	I am aware of the sufferings of women in India, which is also the suffering of women in many, many countries on our planet. My heart is filled with empathy and love for them. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I am certain no one sets out to be cruel, but our treatment of the elderly ill seems to have no philosophy to it. As a society, we should establish whether we have a policy of life at any cost. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I am enormously uncool. I've made a cottage industry of being uncool. And I'm fine with that. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I am extremely rebellious. I have this strong, defiant spirit. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I am happy to be alive, as long as I can paint. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	I am in agreement with everything my father taught me and nothing my mother taught me. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	I am interested in ideas, not merely in visual products. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I am living in a nightmare, from which from time to time I wake in sleep. Ursula K LeGuin
creative	sfw	I am my own muse, the subject I know best. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	I am no more lonely than the loon on the pond that laughs so loud. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	I am not a black artist, I am an artist. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I am not a consecutive writer. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	I am not a speed reader. I am a speed understander. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	I am not a therapist. I am not a spiritual leader. These elements are in the art: it is therapeutic, spiritual, social and political - everything. It has many layers. But art has to have many layers. If it doesn't, then forget it. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I am not free because I can be exploded anytime. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I am offered the Grand Inquisitor's choice. Will you choose freedom without happiness, or happiness without freedom? The only answer one can make, I think, is: No. Ursula K. Le Guin, Dancing at the Edge of the World: Thoughts on Words, Women, Places
creative	sfw	I am only interested in the ideas that become obsessive and make me feel uneasy. The ideas that I'm afraid of. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I am only satisfied insofar as I feel 'Broadway Boogie Woogie' is a definite progress, but even about this picture I am not quite satisfied. There is still too much of the old in it. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	I am sorry, I am very sorry to ask you to lie," he said, so earnestly that I wondered if it hurt him to lie. That made him seem more like a god than a human being. If it hurt to lie, how could you stay alive? Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
creative	sfw	I am still a victim of chess. It has all the beauty of art - and much more. It cannot be commercialized. Chess is much purer than art in its social position. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I am suffocated and lost when I have not the bright feeling of progression. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	I am the cause of all my upsets. I am my worst enemy. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I am tired of safe places, and roofs, and walls around me. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	I am very clear that I am not a feminist. It puts you into a category and I don't like that. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I am without a face among men. I am not seen. I speak and am not heard. I come and am not welcomed. There is no place by the fire for me, nor food on the table for me, nor a bed made for me to lie in. Yet I still have my name. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I am yours by parentage and custom and by duty undertaken towards you. I am your wizard. But it is time you recalled that, tough I am a servant, I am not your servant. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	I asked if these two psychopaths could not be cured. Cured? Goss said. Would you cure a singer of his voice? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I became a journalist at 17. A few hours later, I saw my first dead body, which was somewhat... colourful. That's when I learned you can go on throwing up after you run out of things to throw up. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I began as a naturalistic painter. Very quickly I felt the urgent need for a more concise form of expression and an economy of means. I never stopped progressing toward abstraction. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	I began to see that the short texts I was writing were poster material. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I began writing a book on love because I felt that the United States is moving away from love. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	I believe I would rather have Stieglitz like something - anything I had done - than anyone else I know. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	I believe in something. But I don't believe that anything can hold a grudge for long enough to condemn its creation to eternal punishment. Nobody can hold a grudge that long, even God. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I believe it should be possible for someone stricken with a serious and ultimately fatal illness to choose to die peacefully with medical help, rather than suffer. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I believe so much in the power of performance I don't want to convince people. I want them to experience it and come away convinced on their own. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I believe that life is shorter; that is why we have to make experience longer. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I believe that stories are incredibly important, possibly in ways we don't understand, in allowing us to make sense of our lives, in allowing us to escape our lives, in giving us empathy and in creating the world that we live in. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I believe the artist has an obligation to society. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I bid your voice be dumb until the day you find a word worth speaking. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	I call on people to be 'obsessed citizens,' forever questioning and asking for accountability. That's the only chance we have today of a healthy and happy life. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	I came to feel an artist might use anything - a dot, a line, the most conventional or unconventional symbol - t say what he wanted to say. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I came to the center of the maze following him. Now I must find my way back out alone. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	I can be standing in Barneys with my coat and purse and my selections, and some white woman will say, 'Can you get this in my size?' What she sees is a black woman, and her service button goes off. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I can die when I wish to: that is my elixir of life. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	I can never get used to the fact, though I know it, that women are born cynics. Men have to learn cynicism. Infant girls could teach it to them. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	I can no longer type, so I use TalkingPoint and Dragon Dictate. It's a speech-to-text program, and there's an add-on for talking which some guys came up with. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I can relax with bums because I am a bum. I don't like laws, morals, religions, rules. I don't like to be shaped by society. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones. -- John Cage
creative	sfw	I certainly wasn't happy. Happiness has to do with reason, and only reason earns it. What I was given was the thing you can't earn, and can't keep, and often don't even recognize at the time; I mean joy. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I claim there ain't Another Saint As great as Valentine. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	I come with empty hands and the desire to unbuild walls. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	I continue to get further away from the usual painter's tools such as easel, palette, brushes, etc. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	I could forget everything I'd lost, because I'd never had it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	I could work in the shower if I had plastic paper. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I couldn't go into the haphazard drawing or the paintings, the splashing of paint. I wanted to go back to a completely dry drawing, a dry conception of art. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I decided that if I could paint that flower in a huge scale, you could not ignore its beauty. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	I decided to start anew, to strip away what I had been taught. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	I developed a passion for the Middle Ages the same way some people develop a passion for coconuts. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I did a lot today. That is, I did something. The only thing I have ever done. I pressed a button. It took the entire willpower, the accumulated strength of my entire existence, to press one damned OFF button. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	I did not break up the Beatles. You can't have it both ways. If you're going to blame me for breaking the Beatles up, you should be thankful that I made them into myth rather than a crumbling group. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I did not deliberately invent Earthsea, I did not think Hey wow islands are archetypes and archipelagoes are superarchetypes and lets build us an archipelago! I am not an engineer, but an explorer. I discovered Earthsea. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I did not live my life as history is written. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	I didn't abandon everything at a moment's notice - on the contrary. I returned to France from America, leaving the 'Large Glass' unfinished. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I didn't get paid for performances most of my life. If I did, I would be billionaire now, and I'm not. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I didn't go to university. Didn't even finish A-levels. But I have sympathy for those who did. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I didn't know you well at all. Only, when you spoke, I seemed to see clear into you, into the center. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	I do not care what comes after; I have seen the dragons on the wind of morning. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	I do not know how I shall develop, but for the present, I am continuing to work within ordinary, generally known terrain, different only because of a deep substratum, which leads those who are receptive to sense the finer regions. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	I do not know what makes a man a traitor. No man considers himself a traitor: this makes it hard to find out. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I do not like the human race. I don't like their heads, I don't like their faces, I don't like their feet, I don't like their conversations, I don't like their hairdos, I don't like their automobiles. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	I do not like to get the news, because there has never been an era when so many things were going so right for so many of the wrong persons. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	I do not paint a portrait to look like the subject, rather does the person grow to look like his portrait. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	I do not regard a broker as a member of the human race. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	I do not seek. I find. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	I do not, in fact, use many puns. Certainly there are far fewer than people believe. But I suspect the ones I do occasionally use tend to hang around in people's memories for a while. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I don't believe in a chronological way of doing things. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I don't believe in accidents. There are only encounters in history. There are no accidents. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	I don't believe in an afterlife, so I don't have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing heaven even more. For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	I don't believe in art. I believe in artists. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I don't believe in personal immortality; the only way I expect to have some version of such a thing is through my books. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	I don't believe in the so-called Olympic spirit. I speak from personal experience. When China hosted the Games, it failed to include the people. The event was constructed without regard for their joy. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	I don't believe in the war god of the Israelites. He's a bogeyman. Jesus preached the golden rule, by and large. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I don't do drugs. I am drugs. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	I don't do husbands. I don't do children. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I don't do much more than organise other people's ideas and insights and thoughts, and sort of harvest them, and inventory them and present them. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I don't expect to live forever, but I do intend to hang on as long as possible. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	I don't have a goal. I don't limit myself to a goal. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I don't have this obsessive need to do street art all the time because it's already opened doors for me. -- Shepard Fairey
creative	sfw	I don't have time to listen to anybody's music. I'm making it, you know. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I don't know anything about the afterlife because I haven't been there yet. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I don't know how to write love letters. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	I don't know if proud is the right word, but I am somebody who does not, on the whole, have the highest regard for my own stuff in that when I look all I get to see are the flaws. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I don't know if you ever really feel like you've made it. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I don't know why people are so keen to put the details of their private life in public; they forget that invisibility is a superpower. -- Banksy
creative	sfw	I don't know. We're each of us alone, to be sure. What can you do but hold your hand out in the dark? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters
creative	sfw	I don't like jail, they got the wrong kind of bars in there. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	I don't like the clean-shaven boy with the necktie and the good job. I like desperate men, men with broken teeth and broken minds and broken ways. They interest me. They are full of surprises and explosions. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	I don't listen to what art critics say. I don't know anybody who needs a critic to find out what art is. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I don't necessarily think that installation is the only way to go. It's just a label for certain kinds of arrangements. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I don't really plan. I'm almost intuitive about things. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I don't see the point of having 80 million people online if all they are doing in the end is talking to ghosts in the suburbs. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I don't think I'm mainstream. I think what I am is lots and lots of different cults. And when you get lots and lots of small groups who like you a lot, they add up to a big group without ever actually becoming mainstream. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I don't think about art when I'm working. I try to think about life. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I don't think about the end game. I've got lots to occupy my mind. It's the rage that keeps me going. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I don't think about the future. I don't think about the past. I just think of what comes into my head at the time. So that might be about the past, that might be about the future. Or, the present. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I don't think it's worth discussing new directions in the context of Chinese art - there were no old directions, either. Chinese art has never had any clear orientation. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	I don't think there is such a thing as a bad book for children. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I don't think you can hate anything that you know intimately. There is no fine line separating love from hate because there's a deep chasm separating love from hate. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I don't think you should always stay calm in a tense situation, because you might not ever confront the problem. Maybe it's better to actually let yourself be tense - and find a solution. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I don't very much enjoy looking at paintings in general. I know too much about them. I take them apart. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	I don't want to write a novel per year. I know that I need a break of one or two years. So maybe I invent some new, urgent activity so I don't fall into the trap of starting a new novel. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I don't work from drawings. I don't make sketches and drawings and color sketches into a final painting. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	I don't write so much now. I'm getting on 33, pot belly and creeping dementia. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	I dont believe in Darwins theory of evolution. I accept it. It isnt a matter of faith, but of evidence. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	I dont know if its right to count people like you count numbers. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	I dont know which I should fear more . . . death or life. I wish I could be done with fear. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I dont like making the rest of the world live in my dreams, but I certainly dont want to live in yours. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	I doubt that the imagination can be suppressed. If you truly eradicated it in a child, he would grow up to be an eggplant. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction
creative	sfw	I doubt whether classical education ever has been or can be successfully carried out without corporal punishment. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	I fear liars, and I fear tricksters, and worst I fear the bitter truth. And so I rule my country well. Because only fear rules men. Nothing else works. Nothing else lasts long enough. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I feel like there is always something trying to pull us back into sleep, that there is this sort of seductive quality in all the hedonistic pleasures that pull on us. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I feel that I am a scholar who only with the left hand writes novels. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I feel that my environment reflects my belief in the grace and art and elegance of living simply. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I feel that my work is not in vain, that it does have a place in society, even though it may not be considered that it has a place in society - it doesn't matter. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I feel there is something unexplored about woman that only a woman can explore. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	I feel uncomfortable with the term public art, because I'm not sure what it means. If it means what I think it does, then I don't do it. I'm not crazy about categories. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I felt the pressure of people all around me, all the time. People around me, people with me, people pressing on me, pressing me to be one of them, one of the people. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Unreal and the Real: Selected Stories, Volume Two: Outer Space, Inner Lands
creative	sfw	I find that Americans completely lack sensibility and good taste. They are boring, and they all have faces like unbaked rolls. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn't say any other way - things I had no words for. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	I get so tired of people acting like, you know, black men and women never help each other, never support each other. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I get up about four times a night and go back to sleep, or not. Then I swill tea around 8 a.m. I answer e-mail, while I stall thinking about whatever scares me. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I get very nervous before I get on the stage, but once I'm on the stage, I'm just, you know, me. Nothing hurts me. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I give away thousands of paintings for free. -- Banksy
creative	sfw	I got into science fiction by being interested in astronomy first. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I grow as many of our vegetables as I can, because my granddad was a professional gardener, and it's in the blood. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I guess whats happened is that what used to be a shockword has become a noise thats supposed to intensify the emotion in what you're saying. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	I had a lot of dates but I decided to stay home and dye my eyebrows. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I had a very difficult relationship with my mother. She used to wake me up in the middle of the night if I wasn't sleeping straight and was messing up the sheets. Now when I stay in hotels I sleep so straight they don't even think I've used the bed. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I had believed that justice could exist in a society founded on injustice. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	I had forgotten how much light there is in the world, till you gave it back to me. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	I had ignored that black cellar and gone looking for the substance of Orgoreyn aboveground, in daylight. No wonder nothing had seemed real. I Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I had of course met with incredulity..., but seldom with a will to incredulity. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I had some money, I made the best paintings ever. I was completely reclusive, worked a lot, took a lot of drugs. I was awful to people. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I had to create an equivalent for what I felt about what I was looking at - not copy it. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	I had to figure out how to bring the world into my work. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I had very few friends. There was nobody I could trust. I left home when I was fifteen. I lived in Washington Square Park. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I happen to have been born a Cartesian. The French education is based on a sequence of strict logic. You carry it with you. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I hardly ever stretch the canvas before painting. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	I hate complaining to strangers -- you can only complain satisfactorily to people you know really well. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
creative	sfw	I hate complaining to strangersyou can only complain satisfactorily to people you know really well Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes: Stories
creative	sfw	I hate flowers - I paint them because they're cheaper than models and they don't move. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	I hate kitchens. I don't understand these enormous American kitchens that take up half the living room and then they just order pizza. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I hate studio. For me, studio is a trap to overproduce and repeat yourself. It is a habit that leads to art pollution. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I hate the bigotry you believe in. But I'll try not to hate you." "Why?" he asked. His voice was cold, as she remembered it. "Hate eats the hater," she quoted from a familiar text of the Telling. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I hated him at such times, with a hatred that rose straight up out of the death that lay within my spirit. I hated the harsh, intricate, obstinate demands that he made on me in the name of life. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I have Dalinian thought: the one thing the world will never have enough of is the outrageous. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	I have Social Disease. I have to go out every night. If I stay home one night I start spreading rumors to my dogs. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I have a horror of people who speak about the beautiful. What is the beautiful? One must speak of problems in painting! -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	I have a living will and I have friends, and I have money and I have hope. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I have a painting where somebody's holding a chicken, and underneath the chicken is somebody's head. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I have always been a flirt. My mother says whe I was a child, I used to stand outside the house and just smile at everyone who walked by. Like, 'Please take me with you!' ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I have always felt it is my destiny to build a machine that would allow man to fly. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	I have been known as the minimal and conceptual artist for over five decades. I think I haven't changed much. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I have been thinking about the notion of perfect love as being without fear, and what that means for us in a world that's becoming increasingly xenophobic, tortured by fundamentalism and nationalism. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I have created a life style that supports contemplation, service to words. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I have done only two portraits: one of the artist Francesco Clemente and another of Andy Warhol. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I have forced myself to contradict myself in order to avoid conforming to my own taste. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I have found that, in the composition of the human body as compared with the bodies of animals, the organs of sense are duller and coarser. Thus, it is composed of less ingenious instruments, and of spaces less capacious for receiving the faculties of sense. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	I have given my love to what is worthy of love. Is that not the kingdom and the unperishing spring? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	I have learned to have very modest goals for society and myself; things like clean air, green grass, children with bright eyes, not being pushed around, useful work that suits one's abilities, plain tasty food, and occasional satisfying nookie. -- Paul Goodman
creative	sfw	I have lost the freedom of not having an opinion. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I have no definite talent or trade, and how I stay alive is largely a matter of magic. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	I have no fear of making changes, destroying the image, etc., because the painting has a life of its own. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	I have not worked out my poems with a careful will, falling rather on haphazard and blind formulation of wordage, a more flowing concept, in a hope for a more new and lively path. I do personalize at times, but this only for the grace and elan of the dance. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	I have nothing to say, I am saying it, and that is poetry. -- John Cage
creative	sfw	I have offended God and mankind because my work didn't reach the quality it should have. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	I have one lifetime, and I will not spend it for greed and profiteering and lies. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	I have only one life, so I want to make sure it's a good one. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I have things in my head that are not like what anyone has taught me - shapes and ideas so near to me - so natural to my way of being and thinking that it hasn't occurred to me to put them down. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	I have this, this gift, I know that; and I know my obligation to it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	I have to admit that I only read 'War and Peace' when I was 40. But I knew the basics before then. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I have to write because if I don't get something down then after a while I feel it's going to bang the side of my head off. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I have wasted my hours. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	I have watched my country accept, mostly quite complacently, along with a lower living standard for more and more people, a lower moral standard. A moral standard based on advertising. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	I have, before now, waited for a pen to perform a macro. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I haven't been in the Louvre for twenty years. It doesn't interest me because I have these doubts about the value of the judgments which decided that all these pictures should be presented to the Louvre instead of others which weren't even considered. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I hope my tongue in prune juice smothers, If I belittle dogs and mothers. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	I hope youll understand that I am not quoting those great words lightly. I do mean it. Knowledge sets us free, art sets us free. A great library is freedom. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination
creative	sfw	I intend, before the endgame looms, to die sitting in a chair in my own garden with a glass of brandy in my hand and Thomas Tallis on the iPod. Oh, and since this is England, I had better add, 'If wet, in the library.' Who could say that this is bad? -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I just don't want to die without a few scars. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I just go with the flow, so any style can be in my music - that makes it exciting. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I just happen to like ordinary things. When I paint them, I don't try to make them extraordinary. I just try to paint them ordinary-ordinary. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I just like to explore all sorts of different forms - no, 'explore' is not even the word - enjoy. You don't want to limit yourself to a particular form. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I just say I'm an artist who works with pictures and words. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I just want to be healthy and stay alive and keep my family going and everything and keep my friends going and try to do something so that this world will be peaceful. That is the most ambitious and the most difficult thing, but I'm there trying to do it. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I just wish that people will be kinder to me when I pass away. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I kept starting 'Anansi Boys' as a movie and stopping, and eventually wrote the novel and was happy. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I kept writing not because I felt I was so good, but because I felt they were so bad, including Shakespeare, all those. The stilted formalism, like chewing cardboard. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	I know now that most people are so closely concerned with themselves that they are not aware of their own individuality, I can see myself, and it has helped me to say what I want to say in paint. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	I know perfectly well he's a god, too. But what I think is he'll be much godlier after he's dead. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I know three people who have got better after a brain tumour. I haven't heard of anyone who's got better from Alzheimer's. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I know who I was, I can tell you who I may have been, but I am, now, only in this line of words I write. I'm not sure of the nature of my existence, and wonder to find myself writing. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	I know who I was, I can tell you who I may have been, but I am, now, only in this line of words I write. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I learned that the story has no beginning, and no story has an end. That the story is all muddle, all middle. That the story is never true, but that the lie is indeed a child of silence. By Ursula K. Le Guin, The Found and the Lost: The Collected Novellas of Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I leave you my portrait so that you will have my presence all the days and nights that I am away from you. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	I lied. I lied. I lied. I lied deliberately, knowingly, well. She lied. She is a liar. She is an intellectual too! She is a lie. And a coward, afraid. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Unreal and the Real: Selected Stories, Volume Two: Outer Space, Inner Lands
creative	sfw	I like artists who have something to say, not wallpaper. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I like being a writer. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I like boring things. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I like kids' work more than work by real artists any day. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I like living, breathing better than working... Each second, each breath is a work which is inscribed nowhere, which is neither visual nor cerebral. It's a kind of constant euphoria. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I like nicotine because it excites my brain and helps me work. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I like nonsense; it wakes up the brain cells. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	I like reading. I prefer not reading on my computer, because that makes whatever I am reading feel like work. I do not mind reading on my iPad. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I like suggesting that 'we are slaves to the objects around us,' that 'plenty should be enough,' or that the 'buyer should beware,' within the context of conventional selling space. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I like to get people moving and jumping. I think it's good to add more emotion and chaos. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I like to work when I'm not working - do something that may not be considered work, but to me it's work. Getting exercise by going to the grocery store. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I like writing. I get cranky when I can't. Yes, I write books back to back, and I work very hard on them. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I live by fallacy. 'If I get enough nice Ikea furniture, I'll be a grown-up.' Then I catch myself. Or, 'If I get off by myself, away from the stress of modern life, I'll be OK.' Then I catch myself. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I lost some time once. It's always in the last place you look for it. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I love Los Angeles, and I love Hollywood. They're beautiful. Everybody's plastic, but I love plastic. I want to be plastic. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I love my family, even as I critique their dysfunctionalities. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I love the secrecy of writing fiction. When I write a novel, I don't tell anybody what I'm doing. I'm living in my private world. And it's a great sensation. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I love the way capitalism finds a place - even for its enemies. -- Banksy
creative	sfw	I love you more than my own skin. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	I loved writing a book in which, in some ways, it's very, very classical, and in some ways I'm breaking lots of rules about what you can do and what you can't do. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I mean, I wouldn't pay more than a couple of quid to see me, and I'm me. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I mean, making art is about objectifying your experience of the world, transforming the flow of moments into something visual, or textual, or musical, whatever. Art creates a kind of commentary. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I meant what I said and I said what I meant. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	I moved to New York in the 1970s and started writing when I was at the Whitney Museum Independent Study Program. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I must go where I am bound to go, and turn my back on the bright shores. I was in too much haste, and now have no time left. I traded all the sunlight and the cities and the distant lands for a handful of power, for a shadow, for the dark. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I must have read every issue of 'Punch' published in the 20th century, and I think in the process I picked up the true voice of English humour - that amiable, fairly liberal, laconic voice which you find in something like 'Three Men in a Boat.' -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I must say that I always thought I had a voice, even when I was 4 years old. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I named you once, I think," he said, and then strode to his house and entered, bearing the bird still on his wrist. Ursula LeGuin
creative	sfw	I never had a gift but one, to know when the great wheel gives to a touch, to know and act. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I never knew anybody . . . who found life simple. I think a life or a time looks simple when you leave out the details. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
creative	sfw	I never knew anybody, anywhere I have been, who found life simple. I think a life or a time looks simple when you leave out the details, the way a planet looks smooth, from orbit. Ursula LeGuin
creative	sfw	I never know the heron as it flies at first. What is the slow, wide-winged figure in the sky? Then I see it, like a word in a foreign language, like seeing ones own name written in a strange alphabet and recognizing it, I say it: the heron. Ursula K. Le Guin, Searoad
creative	sfw	I never paint dreams or nightmares. I paint my own reality. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	I never think that people die. They just go to department stores. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I never thought I would go into the dance charts. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I never want projects to be finished; I have always believed in unfinished work. I got that from Schubert, you know, the 'Unfinished Symphony.' -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I notice if I'm too fat or if I'm too ugly or there's skin hanging or whatever. When my clothes start not fitting, I get really self-conscious about what I eat. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I now know all the people worth knowing in America, and I find no intellect comparable to my own. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	I often lay on that bench looking up into the tree, past the trunk and up into the branches. It was particularly fine at night with the stars above the tree. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	I often painted fragments of things because it seemed to make my statement as well as or better than the whole could. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	I paint flowers so they will not die. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	I paint my own reality. The only thing I know is that I paint because I need to, and I paint whatever passes through my head without any other consideration. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	I paint what cannot be photographed, that which comes from the imagination or from dreams, or from an unconscious drive. -- Man Ray
creative	sfw	I photograph the things that I do not wish to paint, the things which already have an existence. -- Man Ray
creative	sfw	I played a guitar with a file, and a synthesizer. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I prefer to save talking till I know what Im talking about. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	I put on the canvas whatever comes into my mind. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I really don't like art where you need to know so much theory to understand. If the theory is removed, it doesn't do anything. That means that this work is an illustration of theory, and I don't believe in the power of the work itself. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I really had no program or any established plan. I didn't even ask myself if I should sell my paintings or not. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I really like doing the laundry, because I succeed at it. But I loathe putting it away. It is already clean. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I really think there's no difference between an art piece made by a man and one made by a woman. Is it a good art piece or a bad art piece? Of course, if you're female, you're maybe dealing with different issues. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I relate to happiness as an ecstatic moment - something you don't create, you encounter. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I respect Lady Gaga very much. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I respect commas far more than I respect congressmen. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I said to myself, I have things in my head that are not like what anyone has taught me - shapes and ideas so near to me - so natural to my way of being and thinking that it hasn't occurred to me to put them down. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	I saw that nothing was permanent. You don't want to possess anything that is dear to you because you might lose it. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I seated ugliness on my knee, and almost immediately grew tired of it. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	I see so many activists... who are artists because they feel that they have the power of communication. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I seldom have my stuff up unless I'm testing it. If I'm worrying about a painting, I put it up and see if I detest it quickly or slowly. Otherwise I have things by other artists. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I share your modest enthusiasm for Austens Mansfield Park. I didnt like the movie, though. Do you like any of the recent Jane movies? Oh, as movies, sure. Not as Austen. There is no way I can dislike Alan whatshisname with the voice like a cello. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wild Girls
creative	sfw	I shy away from the word 'creation.' In the ordinary, social meaning of the word - well, it's very nice, but fundamentally, I don't believe in the creative function of the artist. He's a man like any other. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I sometimes think that the price of liberty is not so much eternal vigilance as eternal dirt. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	I start a picture and I finish it. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I start drawing, and eventually the characters involve themselves in a situation. Then in the end, I go back and try to cut out most of the preachments. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	I started painting graffiti in the classic New York style of big letters and characters but I was never very good at it. -- Banksy
creative	sfw	I started to work in television for three or four years, in 1954. There was one channel of television, black and white. But it could be entertaining and educational. During the evening they showed important plays, opera or Shakespeare's tragedies. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I stay out of politics because if I begin thinking too much about politics, I'll probably... drop writing children's books and become a political cartoonist again. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	I stood benumbed. The man was like an electric shock--nothing to hold on to and you don't know what hit you. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I suppose I have a really loose interpretation of 'work', because I think that just being alive is so much work at something you don't always want to do. The machinery is always going. Even when you sleep. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I suppose the Valley of the Na, in Always Coming Home, is where I think I'd most like to live; but that's partly because I did live there, all the summers of my childhood. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I suspect there are two kinds of novelists. Those who have a point of view and have something to say and then write a novel in order to say that thing, and those of us who write the book in order to find out what we think about that thing. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I suspect you've noticed that making art can be lonely. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I take a lot of flak from the counter-establishment for selling out. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I talk about gods; I am an atheist. But I am an artist too, and therefore a liar. Distrust everything I say. I am telling the truth. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I tend to avoid fiction about dysfunctional urban middle-class people written in the present tense. This makes it hard to find a new novel, sometimes. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I test the limits of myself in order to transform myself, but I also take the energy from the audience and transform it. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I think 21st century should be art without objects. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I think America is just so in love with conflict. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I think Black people need to take self-esteem seriously. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I think Chris Burden is terrific. I really do. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I think I developed language skills to deal with threat. It's the girl thing to do-you know, instead of pulling out a gun. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I think I was always obsessed with esthetics. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I think I would like to go into modelling. Of course, I don't know how to do it, and wouldn't be any good at it if I did, so I'm going to employ someone to walk the catwalks on my behalf. It would still be me, of course. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I think a book should be judged 10 years later, after reading and re-reading it. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I think energy is the most important thing that we can give to people as performers. Anything else is a little bit pretentious. But energy is not. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I think every professor and writer is in some way an exhibitionist because his or her normal activity is a theatrical one. When you give a lesson the situation is the same as writing a book. You have to capture the attention, the complicity of your audience. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I think everybody should like everybody. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I think hard times are coming. We will need writers who can remember freedom. Poets, visionaries, the realists of a larger reality. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I think having land and not ruining it is the most beautiful art that anybody could ever want to own. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I think if you give in and accept society's stereotypes, then you start thinking, 'I cannot dance till late at night because I'm 70.' -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I think if you have lost a great happiness and try to recall it, you are only asking for sorrow, but if you do not try to dwell on the happiness, sometimes you find it dwelling in your heart and body, silent but sustaining. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	I think in a way, you're doomed, once you can envision something. You're sort of doomed to make it happen. I've found that the moment I can envision leaving a relationship, that's usually the moment that the relationship starts to fall apart. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I think it does Discworld good if I don't write about it all the time: sometimes you have to get it out of your system. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I think it would be terrific if everybody was alike. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I think it's nice to let people know that there is an invisible part of the world. I think there are many people now who are interested in the invisible world. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I think kids should go to high school until they're 30. No, really, because people are staying younger now and there's nothing to do. If you stayed longer, then it would be really great. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I think life experiences are different for people who know what they want as children. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I think most old people know that, and many of us try to keep our thinking on the positive side as a matter of self-preservation, as well as dignity, the wish not to end with a prolonged whimper. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	I think my heart always goes out to men at the peak of their celebrity who checked out. There's such an odd, horrible trend in my lifetime for it - Kurt Cobain, David Foster Wallace, Alexander McQueen, Heath Ledger. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I think of John every day. I do try to block it, but December 8th is not the only day I think of him. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I think of a piece, and then people who are competent fabricate it. But lately I've started finger painting, which probably should be a joke but isn't! -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I think of myself as a serious professor who, during the weekend, writes novels. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I think one cannot be left alive among so many deaths without feeling unendurable shame. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	I think people have to set up little battles. They have to demonize people whom they disagree with or feel threatened by. But it's the ideological framing of the debate that scares me. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I think perhaps the most important problem is that we are trying to understand the fundamental workings of the universe via a language devised for telling one another when the best fruit is. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I think remorse ought to stop biting the consciences that feed it. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	I think that I am responsible for the death of thousands of things and for the misery of thousands of people, just through the things that I buy and how I live my life, and these are not things that ever deserved to die. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I think that I shall never see a billboard lovely as a tree. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	I think that I shall never see a billboard lovely as a tree. Perhaps, unless the billboards fall, I'll never see a tree at all. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	I think that designers have an incredibly broad creative repertoire. They solve. They create images of perfection for any number of clients. I could never do that. I'm my client. That's the difference between an artist and a designer; it's a client relationship. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I think that every so-called history book and film biography should be prefaced by the statement that what follows is the author's rendition of events and circumstances. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I think that the destructive element is too much neglected in art. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	I think that there is a sort of spiritual power that is translating into our bodies as we perform. Performers give, and giving is so important. It can heal. That is my experience, anyway. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I think that there is incredible prejudice about witches while there is no prejudice about wizards. Words are very important, and I'm really into destroying myths. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I think the Women's movement has had a major impact on everybody's lives in our nation and in the world as a whole. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I think the best thing I ever did with my life was stand up and say I've got Alzheimer's. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I think the first photograph I did was a ballplayer. It was a way of showing action or something. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I think the mystery of art lies in this, that artists relationship is essentially with their work not with power, not with profit, not with themselves, not even with their audience. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I think the number one thing Black women and all Black people should be paying attention to is our health. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I think the short story is a very underrated art form. We know that novels deserve respect. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I think there are different ways of being rigorous, and I am asking people to be as rigorous in their pleasure as in their criticism. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I think there are lots of ways to make good work. You can throw big bucks at a project and make what some would call crap, or you can work very modestly with eloquently moving results. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I think there is a big difference between the music business and music. And my relationship is to music, not music business. I think the business will keep changing, but music won't. Music will be there. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I think they should have movies in restaurants. I can't believe that so many people get together just to sit there. It's so abstract... isn't it abstract? What are these people sitting here watching? -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I think we all have archipelagoes in our minds. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I think we are waiting for an e-book that even non-techies can be comfortable with. From my point of view, the biggest change is that I don't have to spend most of the day printing out and packaging a manuscript. I think I almost miss that. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I think we shall have trouble learning how to lie, having for so long practiced the art of going round and round the truth without ever lying about it, or reaching it either. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I think what I'm trying to do is create moments of recognition. To try to detonate some kind of feeling or understanding of lived experience. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I thought I was going to be a bum the rest of my life. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I thought about how we need to make children feel that there are times in their lives when they need to be alone and quiet and to be able to accept their aloneness. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I thought also of another thing between us. Call it trust... That is one of its names. It is a very great thing. Though each of us alone is weak, having that we are strong, stronger than the powers of the dark. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	I thought art was a verb, rather than a noun. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I thought, shivering, that there are things that outweigh comfort, unless one is an old woman or a cat. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I told my parents when I was 12 I'd be a writer. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I travel a lot, so when I arrive in a city, I like to go to good local bookshops and make a selection based on how I'm feeling and what I'm thinking. The book I pick usually seems to have a definite karmic connection! -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I tried to drown my sorrows, but the bastards learned how to swim, and now I am overwhelmed by this decent and good feeling. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	I tried to speak insipidly, yet everything I said seemed to take on a double meaning. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I tried to think about what he had asked me to do, to step so far beyond myself. I found it difficult to think about. It was as if it hung over me, this huge choice I must make, this future I could not imagine. Ursula K. Le Guin, Unlocking the Air and Other Stories
creative	sfw	I trust myself. You need that to survive. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I try to deal with the complexities of power and social life, but as far as the visual presentation goes I purposely avoid a high degree of difficulty. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I try to excite myself so I stay crazy. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I use a whole lot of half-assed semicolons; there was one of them just now; that was a semicolon after 'semicolons,' and another one after 'now. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I use your love as a man burns a candle, burns it away, to light his steps. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	I used language because I wanted to offer content that people - not necessarily art people - could understand. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I used to have a recurring dream where I was at a party in a country house, surrounded by the same people each evening. Everyone would be singing and dancing and after a while I came to know the people; though, of course, they never really existed. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I used to have the same lunch every day, for 20 years, I guess, the same thing over and over again. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I used to live on one candy bar a day - it cost a nickel. I always remember the candy bar was called Payday. That was my payday. And that candy bar tasted so good, at night I would take one bite, and it was so beautiful. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	I used to think that everything was just being funny but now I don't know. I mean, how can you tell? -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I walk on the ground and the grounds walked on by me, I breathe the air and change it, I am entirely interconnected with the world. Only Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	I want people to be drawn into the space of the work. And a lot of people are like me in that they have relatively short attention spans. So I shoot for the window of opportunity. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I want to abolish time, especially in the contemplation of architecture. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	I want to be a machine. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I want to die with my blue jeans on. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I want to dominate the man's world. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I want to make paintings that look as if they were made by a child. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I want to write a play. I'd like to do an original musical. I should probably put together a poetry collection. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I wanted to be a cartoonist when I was young. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I wanted to be a star, not a gallery mascot. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I wanted to be an abstract painter, but I was rotten at it. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I wanted to build up a name for myself. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I wanted to support things that are helpful to people and maybe bash what I think is dangerous. So I switched from being everybody to being myself. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I wanted to use my possibility to be an individual, and I suppose I have, no? -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I was a child who went about in a world of colors... My friends, my companions, became women slowly; I became old in instants. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	I was a cute kid. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I was a fervent Catholic, and I belonged to the national organizations, even becoming one of the national leaders, until the age of 21, 22. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I was a really lousy artist as a kid. Too abstract expressionist; or I'd draw a big ram's head, really messy. I'd never win painting contests. I remember losing to a guy who did a perfect Spiderman. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I was a very keen reader of science fiction, and during the time I was going to libraries, it was good, written by people who knew their science. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I was a very keen reader of science fiction. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I was afraid I'd fail. So I didn't work.' And there it was, plain as a glass of water, the truth, which he had never admitted to himself. Ursula K. Le Guin, Orsinian Tales
creative	sfw	I was alone, with a stranger, inside the walls of a dark palace, in a strange snow-changed city, in the heart of the Ice Age of an alien world. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I was being hated for about 40 or 50 years by the whole world, but it did not destroy me, and it did not ruin my health. And the reason is because I just did not answer them. I had my own life. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I was born into a very important family in Japan. My grandfather was a descendant of the Emperor, and we were very wealthy. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I was friends with Susan Sontag the last four years of her life. She had this amazing charisma and so much energy, but she had a sad little funeral in Montparnasse in Paris. It was rainy. It was all wrong. And I was thinking, 'God, she loved life so much.' -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I was highly attracted to chess for forty or forty-five years; then, little by little, my enthusiasm lessened. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I was in too much haste, and now have no time left. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	I was never interested in looking at myself in an aesthetic mirror. My intention was always to get away from myself, though I knew perfectly well that I was using myself. Call it a little game between 'I' and 'me.' -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I was once a journalist. And I think of myself as a journalist, and that's it. You tell the truth. I even wrote a book called 'The Truth'. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I was saving the name of 'Geisel' for the Great American Novel. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	I was the kind of kid whose parents would drop him off at the local town library on their way to work, and I'd go and work my way through the children's area. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I was willing to believe him that most modern writing was trash, on the evidence that so much old writing was trash; but I didn't put it that way to him. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	I was with you at the beginning of your journey. It is right that I should follow you to its end. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	I went to vote once, but I got too scared. I couldn't decide whom to vote for. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I will not have my life narrowed down. I will not bow down to somebody else's whim or to someone else's ignorance. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I will tell my tale as if I told a story, for I was taught as a child on my homeworld that truth is a matter of the imagination. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I wish being a beekeeper, which I am, gave you a free pass on the carbon footprint, but it doesn't. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I would be married, but I'd have no wife, I would be married to a single life. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	I would define the poetic effect as the capacity that a text displays for continuing to generate different readings, without ever being completely consumed. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I would have to think about it for two or three months before I decided to do something which would have meaning. And it would have to be more than just an impression or pleasure. I would need an objective, a meaning. That is the only thing that could help me. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I would live all my life in nonchalance and insouciance, Were it not for making a living, which is rather a nouciance. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	I would say any behavior that is not the status quo is interpreted as insanity, when, in fact, it might actually be enlightenment. Insanity is sorta in the eye of the beholder. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I wouldn't want to be remembered as the guy who contaminated a perfectly legitimate form of protest art with money and celebrities. -- Banksy
creative	sfw	I write books back to back, and I work very hard on them. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I write for the same reason I breathe - because if I didn't, I would die. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	I write science fiction because that is what publishers call my books. Left to myself, I should call them novels. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction
creative	sfw	I write what I write. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	I write with all my heart Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I'd always been a news junkie, always read lots of newspapers and watched the Sunday morning news shows on TV and felt strongly about issues of power, control, sexuality and race. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I'd asked around 10 or 15 people for suggestions. Finally one lady friend asked the right question, 'Well, what do you love most?' That's how I started painting money. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I'd been doing projects outdoors for the public. I made pigeons eat geometry by putting bread out in rhomboids and triangles. I don't know if this activity made sense, but the work was available. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I'd like to live as a poor man with lots of money. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	I'll agonize over sentences. Mostly because you're trying to create specific effects with sentences, and because there are a number of different voices in the book. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I'll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I'll bet there are a lot of artists that nobody hears about who just make more money than anybody. The people that do all the sculptures and paintings for big building construction. We never hear about them, but they make more money than anybody. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I'll die, you'll die; how could we love each other otherwise? The sun's going to burn out, what else keeps it shining? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	I'll make my report as if I told a story, for I was taught as a child on my homeworld that Truth is a matter of the imagination. Ursula K. LeGuin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I'm a lazy man. With lazy dreams. I need Tai to wake me up, make me vibrate, irritate me. I need my angry woman, my unforgiving friend. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
creative	sfw	I'm a part of it. Not separate from it. I walk on the ground and the ground's walked on by me, I breathe the air and change it, I am entirely interconnected with the world. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	I'm a very obsessive type. If I do get into it, I'll soon be there 12 hours a day. I just don't want to do that. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I'm afraid of losing my obscurity. Genuineness only thrives in the dark. Like celery. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	I'm afraid of losing my obscurity. Genuineness only thrives in the dark. Like celery. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I'm always followed by two or three cars and have police around. Even walking in the park, you see them taking photos behind the bushes and trying to videotape everything. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	I'm always trying to bring unusual content to a different audience - a non-art-world audience. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	I'm an artist who works with pictures and words. Sometimes that stuff ends up in different kinds of sites and contexts which determine what it means and looks like. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I'm bored with that line. I never use it anymore. My new line is 'In 15 minutes everybody will be famous.' -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I'm fat, but I'm thin inside... there's a thin man inside every fat man. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	I'm for mechanical art. When I took up silk screening, it was to more fully exploit the preconceived image through the commercial techniques of multiple reproduction. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I'm free from holding personal anger because I can express what I want through my music. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I'm glad a genre writer has got a knighthood, but stunned that it was me. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I'm interested in asking: 'What does feminine energy mean?' I don't have answers - I just have questions and interesting examples. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I'm interested in utopian communities of the past. Many of them didn't survive and I'm examining closely the reasons they failed. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	I'm just being normal. A normal woman. Well, I don't know what a normal woman is, but I'm a woman and I'm -- Yoko and I've never changed that. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I'm kind of honored to be a dragon lady. The dragon is a very powerful, mythical animal. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I'm living my life, not buying a lifestyle. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I'm most embarrassed at my art shows, even though I don't show it. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	I'm never, I hope, stupid enough to believe that Twitter or blogging or any of this stuff is a substitute for actually doing the work or writing a book. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I'm not a real person. I'm a legend. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	I'm not going to doubt my life. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I'm not interested so much in collaboration. You see that from the history of my albums. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I'm not really good at fun-to-know, human interest stuff. We're not 'celebrities', whose life itself is a performance. Good or bad or ugly, we are our words. They're what people meet. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I'm not sure. I'm exceedingly ignorant-" The young man laughed and bowed. "I'm honored!" he said."I've lived here for three years, but haven't yet acquired enough ignorance to be worth mentioning. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	I'm nothing else but an artist, I'm sure, and delighted to be. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	I'm old to be raising a child. And she She obeys me, but only because she wants to." "It's the only justification for obedience," Ged observed. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	I'm one of those writers who tends to be really good at making outlines and sticking to them. I'm very good at doing that, but I don't like it. It sort of takes a lot of the fun out. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I'm only confrontational with my friends. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I'm so disturbed when my women students behave as though they can only read women, or black students behave as though they can only read blacks, or white students behave as though they can only identify with a white writer. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I'm such a girl for the living room. I really like to stay in my nest and not move. I travel in my mind, and that that's a rigorous state of journeying for me. My body isn't that interested in moving from place to place. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I'm trying to deal with ideas about histories, fame, hearsay, and how public identities are constructed. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I'm trying to make order out of chaos, trying to find some way of rationalising the horrific things that people do or the way the world is. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I'm very representational some of the time, and a little all of the time. But when you're painting out of your unconscious, figures are bound to emerge. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	I'm very thankful that I can make people happy just by signing my name. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I've always been very curious about fringe cultures where people temporarily adopt a different social model or way of presenting themselves. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I've always been very tied to language. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I've always felt that what I have going for me is not my imagination, because everyone has an imagination. What I have is a relentlessly controlled imagination. What looks like wild invention is actually quite carefully calculated. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I've always said that I use my voice as an instrument. It was something I created myself, and I said, 'Have voice, will travel.' -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	I've always thought stand-up comedians were the oral storytellers of our time, because they know rhetoric, they know delivery, they know timing, they know all of these things that you can only learn by telling a story out loud and interacting with an audience. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	I've always thought that it's good to watch the news to find out what everybody else is looking at and believing, if only because that's how consensus is constructed. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	I've been looking only at what's to be done next and forgetting why we're doing it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	I've decided something: Commercial things really do stink. As soon as it becomes commercial for a mass market it really stinks. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	I've got wide tastes, but I don't like jazz. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I've heard there are troubles of more than one kind; some come from ahead, and some come from behind. But I've brought a big bat. I'm all ready, you see; now my troubles are going to have troubles with me! -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	I've known ambitious people with no aptitude for the thing they did. Most of whom, rather terrifyingly, tended to succeed. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I've never known anyone who was what he or she seemed; or at least, was only what he or she seemed. People carry worlds within them. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	I've never really considered myself just a street artist. I consider myself a populist. -- Shepard Fairey
creative	sfw	I've never worked in advertising - my experience was as an editorial designer for magazines - but you could say, in the bigger picture, that magazines are vehicles for colour advertising. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	I've often felt depressed; everyone feels depressed. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	I've written 18 books, mostly dealing with issues of social justice, ending racism, feminism, and cultural criticism. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	I, who am old, who have done what I must do, who stand in the daylight facing my own death, the end of all possibility, I know that there is only one power that is real and worth the having. And that is the power, not to take, but to accept. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	IF THE HOUSE IS BITTER COLD, ALL THE FLUIDS THEREIN, IF NOT FROZEN, ARE STIFF AND SLOW. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	IT CAN BE HELPFUL TO THINK OF THEM EATING YOUR FAVORITE FOODS AND OCCASIONALLY THROWING UP AND GETTING BITS STUCK IN THEIR NOSES. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	IT CAN BE STARTLING TO SEE SOMEONES BREATH, LET ALONE THE BREATHING OF A CROWD. YOU USUALLY DONT BELIEVE THAT PEOPLE EXTEND THAT FAR. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	IT IS IN YOUR SELF-INTEREST / TO FIND A WAY / TO BE VERY TENDER -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	IT'S NICE WHEN YOU DECIDE TO LIKE SOMEONE AND, WITHOUT DECLARING YOURSELF, DO WHAT'S POSSIBLE TO FURTHER HIS HAPPINESS. THIS CAN TAKE THE FORM OF GIFTS, LOVELY FOOD, PUBLICITY, OR ADVANCED WARNING. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	IT'S NO FUN WATCHING PEOPLE WOUND THEMSELVES SO THAT THEY CAN HOLE UP, NURSE THEMSELVES BACK TO HEALTH, AND REPEAT THE CYCLE. THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT ELSE TO DO. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Id like a poster showing two old people with stooped backs and arthritic hands and time-worn faces sitting talking, deep, deep in conversation. And the slogan would be Old Age Is Not for the Young. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Id rather get bad news from an honest man than lies from a flatterer, Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
creative	sfw	Idealism is the noble toga that political gentlemen drape over their will to power. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Idealism is the noble toga that political gentlemen drape over their will to power. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Ideals are replaced by conventional goals at a certain age. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Ideas are one thing and what happens is another. -- John Cage
creative	sfw	Ideas devour the ages as men are devoured by their passions. When man is cured, human nature will cure itself perhaps. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	If I bring up political power, personal power, it sounds like they're my terms, and they're not. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	If I can't be beautiful, I want to be invisible. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	If I could wake up in a different place, at a different time, could I wake up as a different person? -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	If I'm away from painting for a week, I get bored. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	If Im ninety and believe Im forty-five, Im headed for a very bad time trying to get out of the bathtub. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	If Im pushed, I will push back. And Ive been pushed quite a lot. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	If a book told you something when you were fifteen, it will tell you it again when you're fifty, though you may understand it so differently that it seems you're reading a whole new book. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	If a book were written all in numbers, it would be true. It would be just. Nothing said in words ever came out quite even. Ursula K. Le Guina
creative	sfw	If a woman writes about a domestic situation, everyone automatically assumes that it's about her. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	If all the ways I have been along were marked on a map and joined up with a line, it might represent a minotaur. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	If civilization has an opposite, it is war. Of those two things, you have either one, or the other. Not both. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	If civilization has an opposite, it is war. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	If eternity had a season, it would be midsummer. Autumn, winter, spring are all change and passage, but at the height of summer the year stands poised. It's only a passing moment, but even as it passes the heart knows it cannot change. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	If everybody thinks of something, then it will happen. Your mind is part of the universe. It is connected, you can use its energy. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	If human beings were shown what they're really like, they'd either kill one another as vermin, or hang themselves. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	If human beings were shown what they're really like, they'd either kill one another as vermin, or hang themselves. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	If it wasn't for the fun and money, I really don't know why I'd bother. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	If it were proven that there is no God there would be no religion... But also if it were proven that there is a God, there would be no religion. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	If it were proven that there is no God there would be no religion...But also if it were proven that there is a God, there would be no religion. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	If knowledge can create problems, it is not through ignorance that we can solve them. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	If memory remains sound and the thinking mind retains its vigor, an old intelligence may have extraordinary breadth and depth of understanding. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	If most American cities are about the consumption of culture, Los Angeles and New York are about the production of culture - not only national culture but global culture. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	If my art has nothing to do with people's pain and sorrow, what is 'art' for? -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	If my doctor told me I had only six minutes to live, I wouldn't brood. I'd type a little faster. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	If one believes that words are acts, as I do, then one must hold writers responsible for what their words do. Ursula K. Le Guin, Dancing at the Edge of the World: Thoughts on Words, Women, Places
creative	sfw	If only America would realize that the art of Europe is finished - dead - and that America is the country of the art of the future, instead of trying to base everything she does on European traditions! -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	If only the people who worry about their liabilities would think about the riches they do possess, they would stop worrying. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	If only we could pull out our brain and use only our eyes. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	If people buy my books for vanity, I consider it a tax on idiocy. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	If piano is the opposite of forte, graceful chitchat with strangers is definitely my piano. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	If somebody writes a book and doesn't care for the survival of that book, he's an imbecile. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	If something is boring after two minutes, try it for four. If still boring, then eight. Then sixteen. Then thirty-two. Eventually one discovers that it is not boring at all. -- John Cage
creative	sfw	If the government ever imposes a tax on books - and I wouldn't put it past them - I'm in dead trouble. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	If the paying public demands naturalistic art, then an artist can use his skills to produce such pictures - but these are to be clearly distinguished from the artist's own art. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	If the rowan's roots are shallow, it bears no crown. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	If the universal is the essential, then it is the basis of all life and art. Recognizing and uniting with the universal therefore gives us the greatest aesthetic satisfaction, the greatest emotion of beauty. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	If there are frontiers between the civilized and the barbaric, between the meaningful and the unmeaning, they are not lines on a map nor are they regions of the earth. They are boundaries of the mind alone. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	If there had been zombies on the iceberg when the Titanic hit it, that would have made a much better movie. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	If there were only one truth, you couldn't paint a hundred canvases on the same theme. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	If those who are the enemies of innocent amusements had the direction of the world, they would take away the spring, and youth, the former from the year, the latter from human life. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	If we can prove an afterlife, then we have less pressure to make our physical life last forever. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	If we could but paint with the hand what we see with the eye. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	If we give our children sound self-love, they will be able to deal with whatever life puts before them. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	If we hide, Therru, we feed him. We will eat. And we will starve him. Come with me. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
creative	sfw	If western culture is shown to be rich, it is because, even before the Enlightenment, it has tried to 'dissolve' harmful simplifications through inquiry and the critical mind. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	If women had power what would men be but women who can't bear children? And what would women be but men who can? Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
creative	sfw	If you behaved nicely, the communists wouldn't exist. -- Jenny Holzer, -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossibilities. The thing is to get the work done. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	If you believe that words are acts, as I do, then one must hold writers responsible for what their words do Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	If you believe that words are acts, as I do, then one must hold writers responsible for what their words do. Ursula Le Guin
creative	sfw	If you can't lick'em, join'em. If it hurts, repeat it. But to praise despair is to condemn delight , to embrace violence is to lose hold of everything else. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	If you can't sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. It's the worry that gets you, not the lack of sleep. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	If you do performance and music, it's not performance as music. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	If you don't believe what other people believe, then they'll accuse you of being nihilistic. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	If you don't know what you want, you end up with a lot you don't. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	If you don't want to work you have to work to earn enough money so that you won't have to work. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	If you eat your...leafy greens and...develop your abs and blabs...in order to live a long life, that's good, and maybe it will work. But the longer a life is, the more of it will be in old age. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	If you evade suffering you also evade the chance of joy. Pleasure you may get, or pleasures, but you will not be fulfilled. You will not know what it is to come home. Takver Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	If you evade suffering you also evade the chance of joy. Pleasure you may get, or pleasures, but you will not be fulfilled. You will not know what it is to come home. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	If you flee from the things you fear, there's no resolution. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	If you go ahead, if you keep running, wherever you run you will meet danger and evil, for it drives you, it chooses the way you go. You must choose. You must seek what seeks you. You must hunt the hunter. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	If you go back to all my albums, they're all confessional. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	If you have embraced a creed which appears to be free from the ordinary dirtiness of politics - a creed from which you yourself cannot expect to draw any material advantage - surely that proves that you are in the right? -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	If you have too many quotes from other people in your head, you can't create. You have to keep your head empty. That's why I am constantly enjoying the sky, the park, the walk. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	If you play against your own side youll lose the whole game. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	If you see a Renaissance body, this is completely ugly in this time. Everybody has to be skinny. But the Renaissance body with incredible flow of the meat everywhere, it was beauty. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	If you start in the pit of despair with these profane, awful things, even a glimmer of hope or awareness is going to occur that's much brighter coming from this dark, awful beginning. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	If you want to be enthusiastic, act enthusiastic. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	If you want to know all about Andy Warhol, just look at the surface of my paintings and films and me, and there I am. There's nothing behind it. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	If you want to know who your friends are, get yourself a jail sentence. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	If you want your writing to be taken seriously, don't marry and have kids, and above all, don't die. But if you have to die, commit suicide. They approve of that. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	If you wear a wig, everybody notices. But if you then dye the wig, people notice the dye. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	If you write science fiction you can spell things the way you like, sometimes. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
creative	sfw	If you're a baker, making bread, you're a baker. If you make the best bread in the world, you're not an artist, but if you bake the bread in the gallery, you're an artist. So the context makes the difference. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	If you're creating something that has some sort of cultural currency - if the idea is getting out there - then that will probably yield money in some form, whether it's through selling art or selling books or being asked to give a lecture. -- Shepard Fairey
creative	sfw	If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	If you're not trying to be real, you don't have to get it right. That's art. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	If your choice enters into it, then taste is involved - bad taste, good taste, uninteresting taste. Taste is the enemy of art, A-R-T. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	If your life changes, we can change the world, too. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	If your strength is only the others weakness, you live in fear, Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
creative	sfw	Ignorance defends itself savagely, and illiteracy, as I well knew, can be shrewd. Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
creative	sfw	Ill make my report as if I told a story, for I was taught as a child on my homeworld that Truth is a matter of the imagination. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Im not dead. I sleep sometimes. Sleep comes very close to death, everyone knows that. The dead walk in dreams, everyone knows that. They come to you alive, and they say things. They walk out of death into the dreams. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Imagination grows by exercise and contrary to common belief is more powerful in the mature than in the young. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Imagination is not a means of making money. It has no place in the vocabulary of profit-making. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	Imagination, working at full strength, can shake us out of our fatal, adoring self-absorption and make us look up and see- with terror or with relief- that the world does not, in fact, belong to us at all. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	In America the imagination is generally looked on as something that might be useful when the TV is out of order. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	In America, everyone's always hiding their age. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	In Enlad," said Arren after a while, "we have a story about the boy whose schoolmaster was a stone:' "Aye?... What did he learn?" "Not to ask questions. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	In French, there is an old expression, la patte, meaning the artist's touch, his personal style, his 'paw'. I wanted to get away from la patte and from all that retinal painting. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	In a State, even a democracy, where power is hierarchic, how can you prevent the storage of information from becoming yet another source of power to the powerfulanother piston in the great machine? Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home
creative	sfw	In a dream you saw a way to survive and you were full of joy. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	In absence, presence. In death, life. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	In almost all my work, I try to re-invent Christian images and stories and themes. You'd be amazed by the letters I get from young Christians who recognise this and enjoy it. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	In bed, they made love. Love doesnt just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new. When it was made, they lay in each others arms, holding love, asleep. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	In chess, there are some extremely beautiful things in the domain of movement, but not in the visual domain. It's the imagining of the movement or of the gesture that makes the beauty in this case. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	In diversity is life and where there's life there's hope, was the general sum of his creed, a modest one to be sure. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
creative	sfw	In diversity is life and where there's life there's hope, was the general sum of his creed, a modest! one to be sure. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
creative	sfw	In diving to the bottom of pleasure we bring up more gravel than pearls. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	In every age 'the good old days' were a myth. No one ever thought they were good at the time. For every age has consisted of crises that seemed intolerable to the people who lived through them. -- Brooks Atkinson
creative	sfw	In every ancient culture, there are rituals to mortify the body as a way of understanding that the energy of the soul is indestructible. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	In fact it was, the endless warm drizzle of spring - the ice of Antarctica, falling softly on the heads of the children of those responsible to melting it Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	In fact, while we read a novel, we are insane - bonkers. we believe in the existence of people who aren't there, we hear their voices, we watch the battle of Borodino with them, we may even become Napoleon. Sanity returns (in most cases) when the book is closed. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	In feudal times the aristocracy had sent their sons to university, conferring superiority on the institution. Nowadays it was the other way round: the university conferred superiority on the man. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	In general she had found that the main drawback in being a man was that conversations were less interesting. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
creative	sfw	In general, the mass media tell us that black people are not loving, that our lives are so fraught with violence and aggression that we have no time to love. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	In innocence there is no strength against evil [...] but there is strength in it for good. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	In many ways, it was much, much harder to get the first book contract. The hardest thing probably overall has been learning not to trust people, publicists and so forth, implicitly. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	In modern fantasy (literary or governmental), killing people is the usual solution to the so-called war between good and evil. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	In morals, truth is but little prized when it is a mere sentiment, and only attains its full value when realized in the world as fact. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	In my heart, I'm just a kid from the council houses. I can remember the old cottage and my dad coming round with the tin bath. I'm not a rich man. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	In my work I have complete control, but about my life, I don't want to. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	In my work, as a writer, I only photograph, in words, what I see. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	In order to acquire a growing and lasting respect in society, it is a good thing, if you possess great talent, to give, early in your youth, a very hard kick to the right shin of the society that you love. After that, be a snob. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	In our age there is no such thing as 'keeping out of politics.' All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	In our loss and fear we craved the acts of religion, the ceremonies that allow us to admit our helplessness, our dependence on the great forces we do not understand. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	In our time political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	In reading a novel, any novel, we have to know perfectly well that the whole thing is nonsense, and then, while reading, believe every word of it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	In reading a novel, any novel, we have to know perfectly well that the whole thing is nonsense, and then, while reading, believe every world of it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	In real life, you just work for the ordinary self, but in the front of audience you become the superself. That's a completely different thing. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	In so far as one denies what is, one is possessed by what is not, the compulsions, the fantasies, the terrors that flock to fill the void. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	In the 'Nude Descending a Staircase,' I wanted to create a static image of movement: movement is an abstraction, a deduction articulated within the painting, without our knowing if a real person is or isn't descending an equally real staircase. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	In the Second World War, I was a little girl. I was evacuated in my country. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	In the United States there's a Puritan ethic and a mythology of success. He who is successful is good. In Latin countries, in Catholic countries, a successful person is a sinner. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	In the airport, luggage-laden people rush hither and yon through endless corridors, like souls to each of whom the devil has furnished a different, inaccurate map of the escape route from hell. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
creative	sfw	In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	In the big, crowded, noisy room where golden suns swam on the walls and the years and Years were told on golden dials, he searched for the alien, the stranger, his wife. Ursula K. Le Guin, Planet of Exile
creative	sfw	In the case of 'Ocean at the End of the Lane,' it's a book about helplessness. It's a book about family, it's a book about being 7 in a world of people who are bigger than you, and more dangerous, and stepping into territory that you don't entirely understand. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	In the future, everyone will be famous for 15 minutes. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	In the latter months of his own long sickness the Master Herbal had taught him much of the healer's lore, and the first lesson and the last of all that lore was this: Heal the wound and cure the illness, but let the dying spirit go. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	In the midst of each epoch, I fully realize that a new epoch will dawn. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	In the night one of them cried out aloud, dreaming. The other one reached his arm out sleepily, muttering reassurance, and the blind warm weight of his touch outweighed all fear. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	In theater, blood is ketchup; in performance, everything's real. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	In this culture, the phrase 'black woman' is not synonymous with 'tender,' or 'gentle.' It's as if those words couldn't possibly speak to the reality of black females. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	In this effort to attain security, independence and privacy of course were suspect.... Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	In this he saw that Ogion had been right: the shadow could not draw on his power, so long as he was turned against it. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	In trouble and from darkness you come, Ged, yet your coming is joy to me. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	In war everybody is a prisoner. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
creative	sfw	Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Independence was as far as his mind could reach. Yet I think his mind groped further, towards what he could not see, the body's obscure, inalterable dream of mutuality. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Individual science fiction stories may seem as trivial as ever to the blinder critics and philosophers of today - but the core of science fiction, its essence has become crucial to our salvation if we are to be saved at all. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	Infinite are the arguments of mages, Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Injustice makes the rules and courage breaks them. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
creative	sfw	Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Instead of stubbornly attempting to use surrealism for purposes of subversion, it is necessary to try to make of surrealism something as solid, complete and classic as the works of museums. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Intellectual passion drives out sensuality. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Intuition enlightens and so links up with pure thought. They together become an intelligence which is not simply of the brain, which does not calculate, but feels and thinks. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Is it any wonder that no truly respectable society has ever trusted its artists? Leguin, Ursula
creative	sfw	Is it the gods who set this fire in our hearts, or do we each make our fierce desire into a god? Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Is the chemical aftertaste the reason why people eat hot dogs, or is it some kind of bonus? -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Is there anything more dangerous than sympathetic understanding? -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Is truth always positive? Of course. Once the truth comes out, you know, it's all right. We're scared that if the truth comes out that it's not all right. It's the other way around. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves? -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	It can be kind of gruesome at times, making things alone. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	It comes down to a question of attention: it's difficult to use the Net distractedly, unlike the television or the radio. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	It doesn't have to be the way it is. That is what fantasy says. It doesn't say "Anything goes" --- that's irresponsibility, when two and one make five, or forty-seven... Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	It doesn't make much difference how the paint is put on as long as something has been said. Technique is just a means of arriving at a statement. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	It doesnt make any difference if his end is good; means are all weve got Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	It had never occured to me that thinking and music are so much alike. In fact, you can say music is another way of thinking or maybe thinking is another kind of music. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	It had never occurred to me before that music and thinking are so much alike. In fact you could say music is another way of thinking, or maybe thinking is another kind of music. Ursula K. Le Guin, Very Far Away from Anywhere Else
creative	sfw	It has always been the prerogative of children and half-wits to point out that the emperor has no clothes. But the half-wit remains a half-wit, and the emperor remains an emperor. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	It has become progressively clearer that the plastic expression of true reality is attained through dynamic movement in equilibrium. Plastic art affirms that equilibrium can only be established through the balance of unequal but equivalent oppositions. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	It has never been my object to record my dreams, just the determination to realize them. -- Man Ray
creative	sfw	It is a bit embarrassing to have been concerned with the human problem all one's life and find at the end that one has no more to offer by way of advice than 'try to be a little kinder.' -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	It is a bit embarrassing to have been concerned with the human problem all one's life and find at the end that one has no more to offer by way of advice than 'try to be a little kinder.' ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	It is a fool's prerogative to utter truths that no one else will speak. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	It is a great deal to ask of a kitten, to defend a man against the armies of the dead. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
creative	sfw	It is a matter of great indifference to me what criticism is printed in the papers and the magazines. I am simply working out my own ideas in my own way. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	It is a myth of publishers that people want to read easy things. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	It is a terrible thing, this kindness that human beings do not lose. Terrible, because when we are finally naked in the dark and cold, it is all we have. We who are so rich, so full of strength, we end up with that small change. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	It is a vulgar error that love, a love, to woman is her whole existence; she is born for Truth and Love in their universal energy. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	It is also true that one can write nothing readable unless one constantly struggles to efface one's own personality. Good prose is like a windowpane. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	It is as absurd to say that a man can't love one woman all the time as it is to say that a violinist needs several violins to play the same piece of music. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	It is astonishing what force, purity, and wisdom it requires for a human being to keep clear of falsehoods. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	It is better to imitate ancient than modern work. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	It is better to make a piece of music than to perform one, better to perform one than to listen to one, better to listen to one than to misuse it as a means of distraction, entertainment, or acquisition of 'culture.' -- John Cage
creative	sfw	It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	It is clear that when you write a story that takes place in the past, you try to show what really happened in those times. But you are always moved by the suspicion that you are also showing something about our contemporary world. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	It is curious to note how fragile the memory is, even for the important times in one's life. This is, moreover, what explains the fortunate fantasy of history. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	It is easier to be a lover than a husband for the simple reason that it is more difficult to be witty every day than to say pretty things from time to time. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	It is easy to sit up and take notice, What is difficult is getting up and taking action. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	It is good taste, and good taste alone, that possesses the power to sterilize and is always the first handicap to any creative functioning. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	It is good to have an end to journey towards; but it is the journey that matters, in the end. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	It is hard, I found, to be called traitor. Strange how hard it is, for it's an easy name to call another man; a name that sticks, that fits, that convinces. I was half convinced myself. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	It is in your self-interest to find a way to be very tender. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	It is not altogether a bad thing to have criminal ancestors. An arsonist grandfather may bequeath one a nose for smelling smoke. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	It is not death that allows us to understand each other, but poetry. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	It is not important to make many pictures but that I have one picture right. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	It is not only the living who are killed in war. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	It is of the nature of idea to be communicated: written, spoken, done. The idea is like grass. It craves light, likes crowds, thrives on crossbreeding, grows better for being stepped on. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	It is often said that before you die your life passes before your eyes. It is in fact true. It's called living. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	It is only in the act of nursing that a woman realizes her motherhood in visible and tangible fashion; it is a joy of every moment. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	It is only when I lose contact with the painting that the result is a mess. Otherwise there is pure harmony, an easy give and take, and the painting comes out well. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	It is our suffering that brings us together. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	It is psychologically very hard to go through life without the justification, and the hope, provided by religion. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	It is sometimes hard to grasp the difference between identifying with one's own roots, understanding people with other roots, and judging what is good or bad. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	It is the mark of a great man that he puts to flight all ordinary calculations. He is at once sublime and touching, childlike and of the race of giants. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	It is the nature of the idea to be communicated, written, spoken, done. The idea is like grass it craves light, likes crowds, thrives on crossbreeding, grows stronger from being stepped on. Ursula Le Guin
creative	sfw	It is useless work that darkens the heart. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	It is very difficult for us to know we love somebody because it is an insecure position to be in. But in the end, it is important to be honest about your love because life is not that long. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	It is very hard for evil to take hold of the unconsenting soul. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	It is very seldom, the young man said at last, that dragons ask to do men favours. But it is very common, said the dragon, for cats to play with mice before they kill them. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	It is what it looks like and is called. A jail. it is not a front for something else, not a facade, not a pseudonym. It is real, the real thing, the thing behind the words. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	It is yin and yang. Light is the left hand of darkness... how did it go? Light, dark. Fear, courage. Cold, warmth. Female, male. It is yourself, Therem. Both and one. A shadow on snow. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	It isn't changing around from place to place that keeps you lively. It's getting time on your side. Working with it, not against it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	It occurred to me that at one point it was like I had two diseases - one was Alzheimer's, and the other was knowing I had Alzheimer's. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	It really fascinates me what white people are allowed to write about. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	It seems not to have been written. It is the quintessence of life. It is the basic truth. -- Brooks Atkinson
creative	sfw	It seems sensible to me that we should look to the medical profession, that over the centuries has helped us to live longer and healthier lives, to help us die peacefully among our loved ones in our own home without a long stay in God's waiting room. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	It seems that it is madder never to abandon one's self than often to be infatuated; better to be wounded, a captive and a slave, than always to walk in armor. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	It seems that when you have cancer you are a brave battler against the disease, but when you have Alzheimer's you are an old fart. That's how people see you. It makes you feel quite alone. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	It takes a long time to become young. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	It takes a while to spoil a world, but it can be done. Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
creative	sfw	It takes more than capital to swing business. You've got to have the A. I. D. degree to get by - Advertising, Initiative, and Dynamics. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge. -- Brooks Atkinson
creative	sfw	It takes two to make a murder. There are born victims, born to have their throats cut, as the cut-throats are born to be hanged. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	It takes two to make a murder. There are born victims, born to have their throats cut, as the cut-throats are born to be hanged. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	It took me four years to paint like Raphael, but a lifetime to paint like a child. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	It was all so far away - there was quiet and an untouched feel to the country and I could work as I pleased. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	It was an ugly face, pale, coarse, and cruel, but Ged feared no man, though he might fear where such a man would guide him. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	It was easy to share when there was enough, even barely enough, to go round. But when there was not enough? Then force entered in; might making right; power, and its tool violence, and its most devoted ally, the averted eye. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	It was easy to share when there was enough, even barely enough, to go round. But when there was not enough? Then force entered in; might making right; power, and its tool, violence, and its most devoted ally, the averted eye. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	It was in the 1920s, when nobody had time to reflect, that I saw a still-life painting with a flower that was perfectly exquisite, but so small you really could not appreciate it. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	It was not in Raj Lyubov's nature to think, "What can I do?" Character and training disposed him not to interfere in other men's business. His job was to find out what they did, and his inclination was to let them go on doing it. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	It was the idea of writing with a specific audience in mind or a specific age of reader that scared me off. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	It wasn't Juju this time, it might be that bigdome Gosse, or any of them; no difference; they all bleated baa. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
creative	sfw	It would be curious to know what leads a man to become a stationer rather than a baker, when he is no longer compelled, as among the Egyptians, to succeed to his father's craft. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	It would be very glamorous to be reincarnated as a great big ring on Liz Taylor's finger. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	It's a given that we exist in a world where we have to live in continuity every day; no one is immune to that, in life or romance novels. By the same token, it's not something I find terribly important. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	It's a product of two poles - there's the pole of the one who makes the work, and the pole of the one who looks at it. I give the latter as much importance as the one who makes it. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	It's a queer business, making oneself blind. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
creative	sfw	It's a rare gift, to know where you need to be, before you've been to all the places you don't need to be. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
creative	sfw	It's a waste of time to think that if you colored a painting red what might have happened if you painted it black. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	It's a waste to not say anything with art. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	It's a wonderful thing, as a writer, to be given parameters and walls and barriers. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	It's fun wandering around other people's minds. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	It's good to keep in mind that prominence is always a mix of hard work, eloquence in your practice, good timing and fortuitous social relations. Everything can't be personalized. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	It's great, I guess, when your paintings are hanging up in a museum. -- Banksy
creative	sfw	It's hard for me to understand how working-class people support themselves. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	It's in the act of having to do things that you don't want to that you learn something about moving past the self. Past the ego. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	It's necessary to start most work alone. But I'm tickled to death when I can pull somebody in or join someone, whether it's borrowing poetry or traveling with an associate. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	It's not a bad thing for a writer not to feel at home. Writers - we're much more comfortable at parties standing in the corner watching everybody else having a good time than we are mingling. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	It's not death that allows us to understand one another, but poetry. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	It's not morbid to talk about death. Most people don't worry about death, they worry about a bad death. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	It's not worth doing something unless you were doing something that someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	It's possible to love a human being if you don't know them too well. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	It's the movies that have really been running things in America ever since they were invented. They show you what to do, how to do it, when to do it, how to feel about it, and how to look how you feel about it. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	It's useful to go out of this world and see it from the perspective of another one. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	It's useless to play lullabies for those who cannot sleep. -- John Cage
creative	sfw	It's very important that young artists push boundaries, because sometimes you have this urge to do something - like the impulsive and dangerous urges I had as a child - and if you don't follow through with it you might miss out on a developmental experience. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	It's when he gets so, you know, like he has to control everything or everything will be out of control, I get sort of out of control. Ursula K. Le Guin, Another Story or a Fisherman of the Inland Sea
creative	sfw	It's when you begin to lie to yourself in a poem in order to simply make a poem, that you fail. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	It's with bad sentiments that one makes good novels. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	It's with bad sentiments that one makes good novels. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Its a good place for a child, the woods. You dont learn much about people, but you learn silence. Patience. And that theres nothing much to fear in the wildernessless than there is on a farm or in the city. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Its always easier not to think for oneself. Find a nice safe hierarchy and settle in. Dont make changes, dont risk disapproval, dont upset your syndics. Its always easiest to let yourself be governed. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	Its queer that daylights not enough. We need the shadows, in order to walk. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Jag skulle inte be en sjuk man att lpa kapplopp", sa Sparvhk. "Inte heller skulle jag lgga sten p en rygg som redan var fr tungt lastad". Det framgick inte tydligt om han tnkte p sig sjlv eller p vrlden i stort. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Japanese are very proud and workaholics. Proud workaholics. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Jo Walton: Among Others Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	Joan of Arc had style. Jesus had style. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	John Dalton's records, carefully preserved for a century, were destroyed during the World War II bombing of Manchester. It is not only the living who are killed in war. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	John wrote with a very deep love for the human race and a concern for its future. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Jos Saramago Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	Journalism makes you think fast. You have to speak to people in all walks of life. Especially local journalism. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Joyce is a poet and also an elephantine pedant. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Judgement is poverty. Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home
creative	sfw	Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Just as courage is the danger of life, so is fear its safeguard. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Just as food eaten without appetite is a tedious nourishment, so does study without zeal damage the memory by not assimilating what it absorbs. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Just as pure abstract art is not dogmatic, neither is it decorative. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	Justice is in the hands of the gods, an old poet wrote, mortal hands hold only mercy and the sword. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	Justice, mercy, does Mars care for them? Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Karde bile rahatlatamaz insan kt saatte, karanlkta, duvarn dibinde. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Kings are quick to punish, it relieves their anxiety. Ursula Le Guin
creative	sfw	Knowing that you are going to die is, I suspect, the beginning of wisdom. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Knowing yourself lets you understand others. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Knowledge of the past and of the places of the earth is the ornament and food of the mind of man. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Konserler: bir vahiydi sanki, cokudan gelen bir aknlkt. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Krbalarn, para ve yolculuk hakk iin krekilik yapanlarn srtna hi indirmiyorlard, ama kimisi krbalanan, kimisi de krbalanmayan bir mrettebat arasnda pek arkadalk ortam oluturulamazd. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	La libertad es una carga pesada, extraa y abrumadora para el espritu que ha de llevarla. No es cmoda. No es un regalo que se recibe, sino una eleccin que se hace, y la eleccin puede ser difcil. Ursula K. Le Guin, Las Tumbas de Atuan
creative	sfw	La libertad se apoya ms sin duda en la franqueza que en la ocultacin, y la libertad siempre merece que se corra el riesgo. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	La libertad se apoya ms, sin duda, en la franqueza que en la ocultacin, y la libertad siempre merece que se corra el riesgo Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	La luz es la mano de la izquierda de la oscuridad, y la oscuridad es la mano derecha de la luz. Las dos son una, vida y muerte, juntas como amantes en kmmer, como manos unidas, como el trmino y el camino (p. 256). Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	La luz es la mano izquierda de la oscuridad, y la oscuridad es la mano derecha de la luz; las dos son una, vida y muerte, juntas como amantes Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	La vida es posible slo a causa de esa permanente e intolerable incertidumbre: no conocer lo que vendr. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Lack of charisma can be fatal. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Laime ir saistta ar loisko prtu, un tikai prts spj to novrtt. Man tika tas, ko cilvks nevar ne nopelnt, ne paturt, un biei vien pat nepazins saemanas brd, - sirds prieks. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Land really is the best art. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Lanet olsun! dedi yksek sesle. Pravca, kfr etmek iin iyi bir dil deildi. Cinsellik pis bir ey olmaynca, gnaha girme diye bir ey de olmaynca kfretmek zordur. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Language ought to be the joint creation of poets and manual workers. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Laws are made against the impulse a people most fears in itself. Do not kill was the Shing's vaunted single Law. All else was permitted: which meant, perhaps, there was little else they really wanted to do... Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	Laws are spider webs through which the big flies pass and the little ones get caught. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Le Guins Rule: One person cannot do two fulltime jobs, but two persons can do three fulltime jobs if they honestly share the work. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
creative	sfw	Learning never exhausts the mind. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Legends of prediction are common throughout the whole Household of Man. God speaks, spirits speak, computers speak. Oracular ambiguity or statistical probability provides loopholes, and discrepancies are expunged by Faith. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Lendas sobre previses so comuns em toda a Famlia Humana. Deuses falam, espritos falam, computadores falam. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Mo Esquerda da Escurido
creative	sfw	Let age be age. Let your old relative or old friend be who they are. Denial serves nothing, no one, no purpose. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Let my enemies devour each other. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Let no one else use you, Mr. Ai, the king was saying. Keep clear of factions. Tell your own lies, do your own deeds. And trust no one. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Let us do without soldiers. The joy built upon successful slaughter is not the right kind of joy; it will not do; it is fearful and it is trivial. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
creative	sfw	Let us note that art - even on an abstract level - has never been confined to 'idea'; art has always been the 'realized' expression of equilibrium. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	Let us remember that sorrow alone is the creator of great things. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	Liberal: a power worshipper without power. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Libraries can take the place of God. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Life - and I don't suppose I'm the first to make this comparison - is a disease: sexually transmitted, and invariably fatal. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Life in the auntring, or for a settled man, is repetitive, as I said; and so it can be dull. Nothing new happens. The mind always wants new happenings. Ursula K. Le Guin, Solitude
creative	sfw	Life is a fight, and the strongest wins. All civilization does is hide the blood and cover up the hate with pretty words! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	Life is always going to be stranger than fiction, because fiction has to be convincing, and life doesn't. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Life is not having been told that the man has just waxed the floor. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	Life loves to know itself, out to its furthest limits; to embrace complexity is its delight. Our difference is our beauty. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters
creative	sfw	Life rises out of death, death rises out of life, in being opposite they yearn to each other, they give birth to each other and are forever reborn. And with them all is reborn, the flower of the apple tree, the light of the stars. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Life well spent is long. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Life with another person is always difficult. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Life-transforming ideas have always come to me through books. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Light is the left hand of darkness and darkness is the right hand of light. Two are one, life and death, lying together like lovers in kemmer, like hands joined together, like the end and the way. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Light is the left hand of darkness and darkness the right hand of light. Two are one, life and death, lying together like lovers in kemmer, like hands joined together, like the end and the way. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Light is the left hand of darkness. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Like all walls it was ambiguous, two faced. What was inside it and what was outside it depended upon which side you were on. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Like all walls it was ambiguous, two-faced. What was inside it and what was outside it depended upon which side of it you were on. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	Like every man of sense and good feeling, I abominate work. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Like every man of sense and good feeling, I abominate work. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Like every other good thing in this world, leisure and culture have to be paid for. Fortunately, however, it is not the leisured and the cultured who have to pay. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Like every other good thing in this world, leisure and culture have to be paid for. Fortunately, however, it is not the leisured and the cultured who have to pay. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Like some kind of particularly tenacious vampire the short story refuses to die, and seems at this point in time to be a wonderful length for our generation. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Liking money like I like it, is nothing less than mysticism. Money is a glory. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Listen: our culture is saturated with irony whether we know it or not. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	Little children are stoical. They cry over bumps, but they take the big things as they come, they don't whine like so many adults. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Live simply so that others may simply live. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Living is more a question of what one spends than what one makes. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Living, being in the world, was a much greater and stranger thing than she had ever dreamed. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	Llor por los aos que haba perdido esclavizada a un mal intil. Lloraba de dolor, porque era libre. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	Look, we're all saddled with things that make us better or worse. This world is a crazy place, and I've chosen to make my work about that insanity. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	Los buenos terminan triunfando. O quiz los triunfadores terminan siendo los buenos? Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Losing my daughter was a very serious pain. There was always some empty space in my heart. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Loss of face for the Commensals, caught lying. You will be a treasure, a long-lost hearth-brother, to King Argaven, Genry. For a while. You must send for your Star Ship at once, at the first chance you get. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; re-made all the time, made new. When it was made, they lay in each other's arms, holding love, asleep. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Love doesnt just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Love doesnt just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new. When Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Love doesnt just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new. When it was made, they lay in each others arms, holding love, asleep. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Love has its own instinct, finding the way to the heart, as the feeblest insect finds the way to its flower, with a will which nothing can dismay nor turn aside. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Love is a game in which one always cheats. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Love is the greatest refreshment in life. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Love is the poetry of the senses. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Love may be or it may not, but where it is, it ought to reveal itself in its immensity. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Love or hatred must constantly increase between two persons who are always together; every moment fresh reasons are found for loving or hating better. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Love that wants only to get, to possess, is a monstrous thing Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters
creative	sfw	Lovecraft dangles like a rabbit from the jaws of his unconscious. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Lovers have a way of using this word, nothing, which implies exactly the opposite. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Low pay generally means harder work under worse conditions. -- Paul Goodman, Growing Up Absurd
creative	sfw	MORE THAN ONCE I'VE AWAKENED WITH TEARS RUNNING DOWN MY CHEEKS. I HAVE HAD TO THINK WHETHER I WAS CRYING OR WHETHER IT IS INVOLUNTARY, LIKE DROOLING. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Make good art. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Male and female represent the two sides of the great radical dualism. But in fact they are perpetually passing into one another. Fluid hardens to solid, solid rushes to fluid. There is no wholly masculine man, no purely feminine woman. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	Male supremacy is fused into the language, so that every sentence both heralds and affirms it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	Man and animals are in reality vehicles and conduits of food, tombs of animals, hostels of Death, coverings that consume, deriving life by the death of others. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Man approaches the unattainable truth through a succession of errors. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Man approaches the unattainable truth through a succession of errors. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Man can never expect to start from scratch; he must start from ready-made things, like even his own mother and father. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Man is an intelligence in servitude to his organs. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Man is an intelligence in servitude to his organs. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull the plough, he cannot run fast enough to catch rabbits. Yet he is lord of all the animals. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Man makes holy what he believes. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	Man tells his aspiration in his God; but in his demon he shows his depth of experience. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	Man's singularity is his divinity. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Manhood is patience. Mastery is nine time patience Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Mankind is not likely to salvage civilization unless he can evolve a system of good and evil which is independent of heaven and hell. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Manners are the hypocrisy of a nation. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Many are they who have a taste and love for drawing, but no talent; and this will be discernible in boys who are not diligent and never finish their drawings with shading. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Many incredible artists die before they were famous. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Many men are deeply moved by the mere semblance of suffering in a woman; they take the look of pain for a sign of constancy or of love. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Many of my songs were dance orientated from way back. That's because I love dance! When I hear a dance number, just hearing the first eight bars, it immediately makes my bod start moving and dancing. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Many people do remember their births, but they deny it. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Many people genuinely do not want to be saints, and it is probable that some who achieve or aspire to sainthood have never felt much temptation to be human beings. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Many people who no longer go to church end up falling prey to superstition. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Many spiritual teachers - in Buddhism, in Islam - have talked about first-hand experience of the world as an important part of the path to wisdom, to enlightenment. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Marcel, no more painting; go get a job. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Marks on paper are free - free speech - press - pictures all go together I suppose. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	Marriage is a difficult project. When seven years have passed and all your body's cells have been replaced, you're meant to experience that seven-year itch. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Marriage is a gamble, let's be honest. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Marriage is like putting your hand into a bag of snakes in the hope of pulling out an eel. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets them. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Marriage must incessantly contend with a monster that devours everything: familiarity. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Masochism is a valuable job skill. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Maybe Christmas, the Grinch thought, doesn't come from a store. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Maybe humans are just the pet alligators that God flushed down the toilet. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Maybe this world is another planet's hell. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Maybe this world is another planet's hell. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Maybe we have to break everything to make something better out of ourselves. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Maybe when you meet the people you are supposed to meet you know it, without knowing it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Very Far Away from Anywhere Else
creative	sfw	Meaning - this is perhaps the common note, the bane I am seeking. What is the Meaning of this book, this event in the book, this story ... ? Tell me what it Means. But that is not my job, honey. That's your job. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Meaning in art isnt the same as meaning in science. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Meanwhile, fears of universal disaster sank to an all time low over the world. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	Media populism means appealing to people directly through media. A politician who can master the media can shape political affairs outside of parliament and even eliminate the mediation of parliament. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Medicine is the restoration of discordant elements; sickness is the discord of the elements infused into the living body. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Medicine men live in caves. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	Meeting authors is kind of the death of the characters. That is always heartbreaking. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Men are destroyed for being rebellious, and women destroy themselves by failing to be rebellious. Unless you can make that next jump to either getting along with people or resisting people, you are ultimately destroying yourself. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Men are distinguished from women by their commitment to do violence rather than to be victimized by it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	Men are only as good as their technical development allows them to be. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Men can only be happy when they do not assume that the object of life is happiness. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Men die in despair, while spirits die in ecstasy. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Men do not learn much from the lessons of history and that is the most important of all the lessons of history. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Men do not learn much from the lessons of history and that is the most important of all the lessons of history. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Men for the sake of getting a living forget to live. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	Men have defined the parameters of every subject. All feminist arguments, however radical in intent or consequence, are with or against assertions or premises implicit in the male system, which is made credible or authentic by the power of men to name. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	Men know everything - all of them - all the time - no matter how stupid or inexperienced or arrogant or ignorant they are. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Men want to make the best use of time and want to see how something can inform them and give them a stronger sense of power. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Men who want to support women in our struggle for freedom and justice should understand that it is not terrifically important to us that they learn to cry; it is important to us that they stop the crimes of violence against us. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	Middle age is when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn't for you. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Mind you, the Elizabethans had so many words for the female genitals that it is quite hard to speak a sentence of modern English without inadvertently mentioning at least three of them. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Minne oppaani ystvllisyydessn minut johdattavat, / Min seuraan, seuraan kevyesti / eik tomuun taaksemme / j ainuttakaan jalanjlke. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	Mistakes are almost always of a sacred nature. Never try to correct them. On the contrary: rationalize them, understand them thoroughly. After that, it will be possible for you to sublimate them. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Modesty is the conscience of the body. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Money is an unavoidable consequence, but it isn't the reason I write; if it was, I wouldn't have written any of the YA books, because advances in that field are small compared to what I'd got now for an 'adult' DW. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Money is not everything. We don't need billions and trillions of dollars. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Money speaks, but it speaks with a male voice. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	Money talks. It starts rumors about careers and complicity and speaks of the tragedies and triumphs of our social lives. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	Most bigots are sincere. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	Most campaigns rely on photographs because the moment you do something that is a graphic interpretation where any artistic license has been taken, I think a lot of people are scared that it's going to be perceived as propaganda. -- Shepard Fairey
creative	sfw	Most gods throw dice, but Fate plays chess, and you don't find out til too late that he's been playing with two queens all along. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Most ignorance is vincible ignorance. We don't know because we don't want to know. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Most ignorance is vincible ignorance. We don't know because we don't want to know. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Most novels, I find, are three times longer than they need to be. Very little happens, and I don't want to waste my time with them. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Most of one's life is one prolonged effort to prevent oneself thinking. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Most of one's life is one prolonged effort to prevent oneself thinking. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Most of the fans of John Lennon and maybe John and -- Yoko are younger than me. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Most of the time, the artists are not supposed to wear the fashion. It is always seen as a vanity. But I think I don't need to prove anything in my life. I can honestly say I love fashion and I can be many things at the same time. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Most people get a fair amount of fun out of their lives, but on balance life is suffering, and only the very young or the very foolish imagine otherwise. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Most people like to hear sounds they are used to. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Mothers are not supposed to give guidance. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Much publishing is done through politics, friends, and natural stupidity. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Music is like my security blanket. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	My Ready-Mades have nothing to do with the 'objet trouve' because the so-called 'found object' is completely directed by personal taste. Personal taste decides that this is a beautiful object and is unique. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	My advice to young writers is, if you cant marry money, at least dont marry envy. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
creative	sfw	My basic influence had probably been Peter Max. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	My beauty secret is... nothing! I don't drink too much water. I don't eat very well. Sometimes I cheat and grab some chocolate. The best thing is to eat what you want, but not very much. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	My books are all fantastically sentimental. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	My career? I never think of it as a 'career.' Art and music and all those things that I'm creating are just part of me. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	My days, my years, my life has seen up and downs, lights and darknesses. If I wrote only and continually of the 'light' and never mentioned the other, then as an artist, I would be a liar. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	My dogs have barked at a beggar tonight and he proves a prince of starlight. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	My enemies must nominate themselves; I have no interest at all in making, finding, or knowing them. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	My experience in Amsterdam is that cyclists ride where the hell they like and aim in a state of rage at all pedestrians while ringing their bell loudly, the concept of avoiding people being foreign to them. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	My fascination with letting images repeat and repeat - or in film's case 'run on' - manifests my belief that we spend much of our lives seeing without observing. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	My fate cannot be mastered; it can only be collaborated with and thereby, to some extent, directed. Nor am I the captain of my soul; I am only its noisiest passenger. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	My fate cannot be mastered; it can only be collaborated with and thereby, to some extent, directed. Nor am I the captain of my soul; I am only its noisiest passenger. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	My father considered a walk among the mountains as the equivalent of churchgoing. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	My father considered a walk among the mountains as the equivalent of churchgoing. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	My father was a banker, but he was an independent spirit. He was a very good pianist and very much into music. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	My father was an accountant and his father was a typographer. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	My favorite Twombly is 'Apollo and the Artist,' with the big 'Apollo' written across it. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	My favorite books to give or get are short story collections. And always paperbacks because they are easy to carry as you travel. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	My first husband met me as a career woman, and the second did, too. I was lucky. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	My grandfather had a particularly important influence on my life, even though I didn't visit him often, since he lived about three miles out of town and he died when I was six. He was remarkably curious about the world, and he read lots of books. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	My grandmother, when she looked at American movies, she said, 'They're all the same. In the first scene somebody shoots somebody and then everybody makes phone calls.' -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	My great-aunt. . . . said nobody under 18 had any business reading Dickens. . . . She was right. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader and the Imagination
creative	sfw	My guiltiest pleasure is Harry Stephen Keeler. He may have been the greatest bad writer America has ever produced. Or perhaps the worst great writer. I do not know. There are few faults you can accuse him of that he is not guilty of. But I love him. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	My heart is mysteriously alive in the world of sounds - a totally different dimension from the daily life. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	My husband John Lennon was a very special man. A man of humble origin, he brought light and hope to the whole world with his words and music. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	My idea of a delicious time is to read a book that is wonderful. But the ruling passion of my life is being a seeker after truth and the divine. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	My idea of a good picture is one that's in focus and of a famous person. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	My imagination makes me human and makes me a fool; it gives me all the world and exiles me from it. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	My life was pretty rough. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	My lord, do nothing because it is righteous or praiseworthy or noble to do so; do nothing because it seems good to do so; do only that which you must do and which you cannot do in any other way. There Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	My love is a hummingbird sitting that quiet moment on the bough, as the same cat crouches. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	My maternal grandmother - she was a compulsive reader. She had only been through five grades of elementary school, but she was a member of the municipal library, and she brought home two or three books a week for me. They could be dime novels or Balzac. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	My mother and father had a terrible marriage. They celebrated their wedding anniversary one year with their friends. Why did they celebrate? Maybe because they had lasted so many years without killing each other. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	My mother said to me, 'If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope.' Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	My mother was mad, but I was not. My father was old, but I was young. Like Spartan Helen, I caused a war. She caused hers by letting men who wanted her take her. I caused mine because I wouldnt be given, wouldnt be taken, but chose my man and my fate. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	My only writing ritual is to shave my head bald between writing the first and second drafts of a book. If I can throw away all my hair, then I have the freedom to trash any part of the book on the next rewrite. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	My own books drive themselves. I know roughly where a book is going to end, but essentially the story develops under my fingers. It's just a matter of joining the dots. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	My painting carries with it the message of pain. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	My painting does not come from the easel. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	My paintings do not have a center, but depend on the same amount of interest throughout. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	My parents divorced about the same time the movie 'The Parent Trap' came out, about two twins at camp who scheme to get their parents back together. I had that same fantasy. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	My position is the lack of a position, but, of course, you can't even talk about it; the minute you talk, you spoil the whole game. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	My soul is ten thousand miles wide and extremely invisibly deep. It is the same size as the sea, and you cannot, you cannot cram it into beer cans and fingernails and stake it out in lots and own it. It will drown you all and never even notice. Ursula K. Le Guin, Searoad
creative	sfw	My species has a great many good reasons for making war, though none of them is as good as the reason for not making war. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
creative	sfw	My stay in Munich was the scene of my complete liberation. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	My stuff gets published in some countries as fiction and in some countries as fantasy. It's just where they think it will do best in the bookshops. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	My teacher Tom Spanbauer, the man who got me started writing in his workshop, used to say: 'Writers write because they weren't invited to a party.' That always struck so true, and people always nod their heads when they hear that. Especially writers. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	My theory on genre is that while there are people out there who believe that genre tells people what to read, actually I believe that genre exists as a marketing tool to tell you what to avoid. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	My thought is that the average adjusted boy is, if anything, more humanly wasted than the disaffected. So let us go on to discuss his stupidity, his lack of patriotism, his sexual confusion, and his lack of faith. -- Paul Goodman, Growing Up Absurd
creative	sfw	My toys were those of a boy: skates, bicycles. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	My writing is jagged and harsh, I want it to remain that way; I don't want it smoothed out. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	My writing process isn't a very organized thing. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Myths which are believed in tend to become true. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Narrativity presumes a special taste for plot. And this taste for plot was always very present in the Anglo-Saxon countries and that explains their high quality of detective novels. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Nationalism is power hunger tempered by self-deception. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Nature is the source of all true knowledge. She has her own logic, her own laws, she has no effect without cause nor invention without necessity. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Nature makes only dumb animals. We owe the fools to society. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Nature never breaks her own laws. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Nature provides exceptions to every rule. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	Necessity is the mistress and guide of nature. Necessity is the theme and inventress of nature, her curb and her eternal law. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Negare il passato significa negare il futuro. Un uomo non costruisce il proprio destino. Lo accetta o lo contrasta. Ursula K. Le Guin, La saga di Terramare
creative	sfw	Neither anger nor hope served any purpose. Nor grief. It was not the time for grief yet. Rekam was here with them, and they would delight in him as long as he was here. As long as his life. He is my great gift. You do hold my joy. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Neither grief nor pride had so much truth in them as did joy, the joy that trembled in the cold wind between sky and sea, bright and brief as fire. Ursula K. Le Guin, Planet of Exile
creative	sfw	Neither of my parents went to church, but they did everything that you needed to do to be Christian. That's something a Quaker would call an intimation of the divine. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Never envy a man his lady. Behind it all lays a living hell. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Never get out of bed before noon. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Never let your sense of morals get in the way of doing what's right. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	Never permit a dichotomy to rule your life, a dichotomy in which you hate what you do so you can have pleasure in your spare time. Look for a situation in which your work will give you as much happiness as your spare time. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Never trust any complicated cocktail that remains perfectly clear until the last ingredient goes in, and then immediately clouds. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	No advance in wealth, no softening of manners, no reform or revolution has ever brought human equality a millimeter nearer. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	No darkness lasts forever. And even there, there are stars. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	No entendan que uno tiene que ponerse del lado de los ganadores, o perder. Y es el hombre el que gana, siempre. El viejo conquistador. Ursula K. Le Guin, Los mundos de Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	No good has ever come from feeling guilty, neither intelligence, policy, nor compassion. The guilty do not pay attention to the object but only to themselves, and not even to their own interests, which might make sense, but to their anxieties. -- Paul Goodman
creative	sfw	No idea can succeed except at the expense of sacrifice; no one ever escapes without enduring strain from the struggle of life. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	No man should marry until he has studied anatomy and dissected at least one woman. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	No man, no power, can bind the action of wizardry or still the words of power. For they are the very words of Making, and one who could silence them could unmake the world. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	No matter how humble the spirit its offered in, a sermon is an act of aggression. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	No need to try to find it," said Unroy. "The sacredness is there. In the truth, the pain, the beauty. So that the telling of it is sacred. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	No one can look back on his schooldays and say with truth that they were altogether unhappy. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	No one else, no thing even, has an existence of its own for him; he sees the world only as a means to his end. It doesnt make any difference if his end is good; means are all weve got Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	No one person could have broken up a band, especially one the size of the Beatles. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	No one's policing their own minds more than an author. You spend a lot of time in your own head analysing what you think about things, and a philosophy comes. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	No other group in America has so had their identity socialized out of existence as have black women... When black people are talked about the focus tends to be on black men; and when women are talked about the focus tends to be on white women. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	No sirve de nada tener una respuesta cuando la pregunta est equivocada. Ursula K. Le Guin, Los mundos de Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	No sou servo de ningum. Um homem deve projetar a prpria sombra... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	No wizardry would serve him now, but only his own flesh, his life itself, against the unliving. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	No woman needs intercourse; few women escape it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	No, I don't mean love, when I say patriotism. I mean fear. The fear of the other. And its expressions are political, not poetical: hate, rivalry, aggression. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	No, I don't understand him, but he is worth listening to. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	No, I dont mean love, when I say patriotism. I mean fear. The fear of the other. And its expressions are political, not poetical: hate, rivalry, aggression. It grows in us, that fear. It grows in us year by year. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	No, I dont mean love, when I say patriotism. I mean fear. The fear of the other. And its expressions are political, not poetical: hate, rivalry, aggression. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	No, you never get any fun out of the things you haven't done. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	No-mind is an evil place for mind to stay. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	Nobody loves a woman because she is handsome or ugly, stupid or intelligent. We love because we love. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Nobody owns anything to rob. . . . As for violence . . . Oiie, would you murder me, ordinarily? And if you felt like it, would a law against it stop you? Coercion is the least efficient means of obtaining order. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Nobody sees a flower really; it is so small. We haven't time, and to see takes time - like to have a friend takes time. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	Nobody who says, I told you so has ever been, or will ever be, a hero. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Nobody's told me anything to date that I've been completely reviled by. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Non-figurative art is created by establishing a dynamic rhythm of determinate mutual relations which excludes the formation of any particular form. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	None of this is spare time. I cant spare it. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Not all roads that lead down lead up as well. Ursula K. Le Guin, Rocannon's World
creative	sfw	Not even need and love can defeat fate, Lavinia. Aeneas' gift is to know his fate, what he must do, and do it. In spite of need. In spite of love. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Not even need and love can defeat fate... Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Not to expose your true feelings to an adult seems to be instinctive from the age of seven or eight onwards. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Nothing I can say or devise, and nothing anybody else can say or devise, is going to be perfect. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Nothing is a greater impediment to being on good terms with others than being ill at ease with yourself. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Nothing is boring if you are aware of it. It may be irritating, but it is not boring. If it is pleasant the pleasure will not fail so long as you are aware of it. Being aware is the hardest work the soul can do, I think. Ursula K. Le Guin, Solitude
creative	sfw	Nothing is written in stone. So don't prepare yourself for a long and lucrative career. You might die tomorrow. Your gold holdings might become dust. Just make the music you want to make now and enjoy it. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Nothing is yours. It is to use. It is to share. If you will not share it, you cannot use it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Nothing remains the same from one moment to the next, you cant step into the same river twice. Life evolution the whole universe of space/time, matter/energy existence itself is essentially change. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Nothing said in words ever came out quite even. Things in words got twisted and ran together, instead of staying straight and fitting together. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Novelists probably talk less than any other kind of artist about beauty, because the word is seldom used to describe what they make. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	Now and then, someone would accuse me of being evil - of letting people destroy themselves while I watched, just so I could film them and tape-record them. But I didn't think of myself as evil - just realistic. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Now the British are coming. I think Cameron should ask the Chinese government not to make people 'disappear' or to jail them merely because they have different opinions. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	Nr vi vat ngot blir vra handlingar starka och nr djupt. Nr vi inte knner rtta kursen blir vi frvirrade. Gr vilse, frslsar vrt arv. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	OBVIOUSLY YOU STRIKE OUT AGAINST PEOPLE WITHIN RANGE. IT'S CATHARTIC TO AFFECT SOMEONE WHEN YOU'RE ANGRY. ALTERNATIVELY, CHOOSE ENEMIES IMPOSSIBLY FAR AWAY SO YOU NEVER HAVE TO FIGHT. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Occasionally, when I get mad at a woman, I'll do some great, awful painting about her. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	Oceania was at war with Eurasia; therefore Oceania had always been at war with Eurasia. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Odo said it all her life. 'Only peace brings peace, only just acts bring justice! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Of course it happened. An effective dream is a reality, Dr. Haber. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Of course there is no veneer, the process is one of growth, and primitiveness and civilization are degrees of the same thing. If civilization has an opposite, it is war. Of those two things, you have either one, or the other. Not both. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Of course there is no veneer, the process is one of growth, and primitiveness and civilization are degrees of the same thing. If civilization has an opposite, it is war. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Of course, there will always be those who look only at technique, who ask 'how', while others of a more curious nature will ask 'why'. Personally, I have always preferred inspiration to information. -- Man Ray
creative	sfw	Official dignity tends to increase in inverse ratio to the importance of the country in which the office is held. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Official dignity tends to increase in inverse ratio to the importance of the country in which the office is held. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Often I sort of work up and down the manuscript. I sometimes used to go ahead of myself to see what was going to happen next, to make certain it fits what was going to be happening soon. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Oh Lavinia, Lavinia, you are worth ten Camillas. And I never saw it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Oh, Hank," Susan whispered, "their wings are furry." "Oh, James," Harriet whispered, "their hands are kind. Ursula K. Le Guin, Catwings
creative	sfw	Oh, never and forever aren't for mortals, love. But we won't be parted till I know it's right that we part. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Oh, tweeting prolifically is the most easy thing in the world. Tweeting prolifically is like somebody saying, 'Boy, you're a really good walker around,' you know. It's not really hard. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Oh, what a tangled web do parents weave when they think that their children are naive. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Old Age Is Not for the Young. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Old age generally involves pain and danger and inevitably ends in death. The acceptance of that takes courage. Courage deserves respect. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Old age isnt a state of mind. Its an existential situation. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Old maids, having never bent their temper or their lives to other lives and other tempers, as woman's destiny requires, have for the most part a mania for making everything about them bend to them. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	On a world where a common table implement is a little device with which you crack the ice that has formed on your drink between drafts, hot beer is a thing you come to appreciate. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	On the floor I am more at ease. I feel nearer, more part of the painting, since this way I can walk around it, work from the four sides and literally be in the painting. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	On the whole, human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	On the worst days, I don't feel like an artist. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	On top of pique, umbrage, and ennui. Oh, the French diseases of the soul. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Once I start writing, I can't stop. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Once religion has been dismissed by primarily an intellectual class of people, we lose the really useful social functions of religion... What replaces it might be worse than what we throw away. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Once you 'got' Pop, you could never see a sign again the same way again. And once you thought Pop, you could never see America the same way again. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Once you do away with the idea of people as fixed, static entities, then you see that people can change, and there is hope. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Once you live in New York, you can't live anywhere else. Living in Paris is like going in slow motion. It's so bourgeois. I get so bored. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	One alien is a curiosity, two are an invasion. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	One can be a great poet and be politically stupid. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	One can love a child, perhaps, more deeply than one can love another adult, but it is rash to assume that the child feels any love in return. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	One can not be an American by going about saying that one is an American. It is necessary to feel America, like America, love America and then work. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	One can rightly speak of an evolution in plastic art. It is of the greatest importance to note this fact, for it reveals the true way of art - the only path along which we can advance. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	One can't paint New York as it is, but rather as it is felt. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	One cannot really be a Catholic and grown up. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	One day is the day for moving on, and overnight, the next day, there is no more good in moving on, because you have come where you were going to. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Unreal and the Real: The Selected Short Stories of Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	One day, the dance charts will be the biggest chart in the music world. Because we all need to dance. This planet will be a fun planet when the judges in court will end the day with a dance! -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	One does a whole painting for one peach and people think just the opposite - that particular peach is but a detail. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes a revolution in order to establish a dictatorship. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	One is a painter because one wants so-called freedom; one doesn't want to go to the office every morning. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	One is respected and judged only as a human being. It is an appalling experience. Back Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	One keeps oneself neat out of mere decency mere sanity, awareness of other people. And finally even that goes, and one dribbles unashamed. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Day Before the Revolution
creative	sfw	One man's remorse is another man's reminiscence. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	One must act in painting as in life, directly. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	One of our finest methods of organized forgetting is called discovery. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	One of the glories and terrors of working in public is that you do see if your output means anything to anyone. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	One of the great attractions of patriotism - it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	One of the great attractions of patriotism - it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	One of the most wonderful things for me is to watch somebody else perform, where I am the audience - I love this more than ever. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	One of the satisfactions of a genius is his will-power and obstinacy. -- Man Ray
creative	sfw	One should believe in marriage as in the immortality of the soul. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	One thing I learned working at magazines was that if you couldn't get people to look at a page or a cover, then you were fired. It was all about how you create arresting works, and by arresting I mean stop people, even for a nano-second. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	One thing I really envy about my friends who have kids is that as their children develop, they're able to revisit their own developmental stages and recognise themselves and undo a lot of things they decided. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	One thing that changed when I moved upstate was that I became interested in different materials. I started making the stone benches because I was seeing rocks. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	One thing that writers have in common is that they are readers first. They have read lots and lots of stuff, because they're just infested with lots of stuff. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	One voice speaking truth is a greater force than fleets and armies, given time; plenty of time; Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	One voice speaking truth is a greater force than fleets and armies... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Onlardan korkuyorsun nk lmden korkuyorsun hakl olarak: nk lm lm korkuntur ve lmden korkmak gerekir... Ve yaam da korkun bir eydir... ve yaamdan hem korkulmal hem de yaam vlmelidir. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Only conscious man can mirror the universal: he can consciously become one with the universal and so can consciously transcend the individual. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Only in silence the word, Only in dark the light, Only in dying life: Bright the hawk's flight On the empty sky. The Creation of a Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Only in silence the word, only in dark the light, only in dying life: bright the hawk's flight on the empty sky. The Creation of a Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Only in silence the word, only in dark the light, only in dying life: bright the hawk's flight on the empty sky. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Only in silence the word, only in dark the light, only in dying life: bright the hawks flight on the empty sky. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Only pain is intellectual, only evil interesting. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
creative	sfw	Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Only shadow can fight shadow.Only darkness can defeat the dark. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Only shadow can fight shadow.Only darkness can defeath the dark. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Only the dreamer shall understand realities, though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	Only the prepared speaker deserves to be confident. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Only through destroying myself can I discover the greater power of my spirit. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Only what is mortal bears life, Arren. Only in death is there rebirth. The Balance is not a stillness. it is a movement--an eternal becoming. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Only when manhood is dead - and it will perish when ravaged femininity no longer sustains it - only then will we know what it is to be free. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	Only you can control your future. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Opera happens because a large number of things amazingly fail to go wrong. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Opinion all too often leaves no room for anything but itself. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Oponerse a la vulgaridad es inevitablemente ser vulgar. Hay que ir a alguna otra parte; hay que tener otra meta; entonces el camino es distinto. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Oracular ambiguity or statistical probability provides loopholes, and discrepancies are expunged by Faith. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Orr had a tendency to assume that people knew what they were doing, perhaps because he generally assumed that he did not. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Orr slept. He dreamed. There was no rub. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Orrs gods were nameless and unenvious, asking neither worship nor obedience. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Orrs gods were nameless and unenvious, asking neither worship nor obedience. Yet Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Orthodoxy is the diehard of the world of thought. It learns not, neither can it forget. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Orthodoxy is the diehard of the world of thought. It learns not, neither can it forget. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Other people's stories may become part of your own, the foundation of it, the ground it goes on. Ursula K. LeGuin
creative	sfw	Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Our Generation has had no Great war, no Great Depression. Our war is spiritual. Our depression is our lives. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Our body is dependant on Heaven and Heaven on the Spirit. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Our border now is no line between two hills, but the line our planet makes in circling the Sun. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Our finest method of organized forgetting is called discovery. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Our life is full of empty space. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Our life is half natural and half technological. Half-and-half is good. You cannot deny that high-tech is progress. We need it for jobs. Yet if you make only high-tech, you make war. So we must have a strong human element to keep modesty and natural life. -- Nam June Paik
creative	sfw	Our life is made by the death of others. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Our most bitter enemies are our own kith and kin. Kings have no brothers, no sons, no mother! ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Our most noted satirists are true columnists, and their opinions can be worth more than any well-documented expose. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Our opinions become fixed at the point where we stop thinking. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	Our public officials have forgotten that they are ultimately accountable to the people who put them in office, that the information they keep in secrecy belongs to all of us. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Our souls are old, often used before. The knife outlasts the hand that holds it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home
creative	sfw	Outside the locked room is the landscape of time, in which the spirit may, with luck and courage, construct the fragile, makeshift, improbable roads and cities of fidelity: a landscape inhabitable by human beings. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Over the centuries, mankind has tried many ways of combating the forces of evil... prayer, fasting, good works and so on. Up until Doom, no one seemed to have thought about the double-barrel shotgun. Eat leaden death, demon. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Owning is owing, having is hoarding. Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home
creative	sfw	Painting completed my life. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	Painting is a blind man's profession. He paints not what he sees, but what he feels, what he tells himself about what he has seen. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Painting is a language of its own. You cannot interpret one form of expression with another form of expression. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Painting is an infinitely minute part of my personality. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Painting is concerned with all the 10 attributes of sight; which are: Darkness, Light, Solidity and Colour, Form and Position, Distance and Propinquity, Motion and Rest. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Painting is just another way of keeping a diary. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Painting is self-discovery. Every good artist paints what he is. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	Paradise is for those who make Paradise. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	Parents were invented to make children happy by giving them something to ignore. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that, once it is competently programmed and working smoothly, it is completely honest. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	Part of the reason for the ugliness of adults, in a child's eyes, is that the child is usually looking upwards, and few faces are at their best when seen from below. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Partly because I get such astonishingly nice fans. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Passion is universal humanity. Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Past events exist, after all, only in memory, which is a form of imagination. The event is real now, but once its then, its continuing reality is entirely up to us, dependent on our energy and honesty. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
creative	sfw	Pasternaks Doctor Zhivago Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	Patriotism is usually stronger than class hatred, and always stronger than internationalism. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Peace above all, until the War comes... Ursula K. Le Guin, Rocannon's World
creative	sfw	People accuse artists of being narcissists - of course we are! If we don't like ourselves, who's going to like us? -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	People are always wondering if I am an artist or political activist or politician. Maybe I'll just clearly tell you: Whatever I do is not art. Let's say it is just objects or materials, movies or writing, but not art, OK? -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	People are still thinking of solving problems by violence and war, and that has to stop. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	People are tired of simple things. They want to be challenged. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	People don't remember each tree in a park but all of us benefit from the trees. And in a way, artists are like trees in a park. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	People everywhere enjoy believing things that they know are not true. It spares them the ordeal of thinking for themselves and taking responsibility for what they know. -- Brooks Atkinson
creative	sfw	People had huddled back into the old core of the city; and once the suburbs had been looted, they burned. Like Moscow in 1812, acts of God or vandalism: they were no longer wanted, and they burned. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	People have so much pain inside them that they're not even aware of. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	People have to really suffer before they can risk doing what they love. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	People in New York never have time for anything. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	People intoxicate themselves with work so they won't see how they really are. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	People intoxicate themselves with work so they won't see how they really are. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	People just love to be entertained, and in order to entertain them, you have to do things in a way that they understand. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	People make music to get a reaction. Music is communication. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	People need God the way a three-year-old needs a chainsaw. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
creative	sfw	People need to be made more aware of the need to work at learning how to live because life is so quick and sometimes it goes away too quickly. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	People put so much effort into starting a relationship and so little effort into ending one. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	People say that this new generation is so used to the Internet that their heads are already different. They can't read a book from beginning to end. That is not a tragedy. The book changes form. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	People sometimes say the way things happen in the movies is unreal, but actually, it's the way things happen to you in life that's unreal. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	People talk to people who perceive nothing, who have open eyes and see nothing; they shall talk to them and receive no answer; they shall adore those who have ears and hear nothing; they shall burn lamps for those who do not see. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	People think that their world will get smaller as they get older. My experience is just the opposite. Your senses become more acute. You start to blossom. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	People used what they called a telephone because they hated being close together and they were scared of being alone. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	People who deny the existence of dragons are often eaten by dragons. From within. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader and the Imagination
creative	sfw	People who have what they want are fond of telling people who haven't what they want that they really don't want it. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	People who work sitting down get paid more than people who work standing up. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Performance art is going to be the future. Plays on Broadway are so restricted. But performance art is like haikus, just one line thing. And it's more casual but more interesting. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Performance has to be mainstream art. This is what I'm fighting for. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Performance is there, and if you are not there in that moment it happened, it just stays in the memory. It's so immaterial and something this immaterial is very difficult to collect. Its difficult to buy, its how we can buy immaterial art. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Perhaps I am not as wise as I like to think I am. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Perhaps it's good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if he's happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life? -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Perhaps it's good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if he's happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life? ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Perhaps the mission of those who love mankind is to make people laugh at the truth, to make truth laugh, because the only truth lies in learning to free ourselves from insane passion for the truth. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Perhaps women have more complicated selves. They know how to do more than one thing at one time. That comes late to men. If at all. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Pero tan inevitablemente como el futuro se convierte en pasado, el pasado se convierte en futuro. Renegar del pasado no es triunfar. Ursula K. Le Guin, Los mundos de Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Personally, I think the best motto for an educational establishment is: 'Or Would You Rather Be a Mule?' -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Please know that being 80 is not a scary thing. When you're 80, your life is much freer. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Plot exposition that can be gently wound out by the authorial voice and internal monologue of a character in the length of a page has to be delivered in a matter of seconds on the stage. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Poetry is not a matter of feelings, it is a matter of language. It is language which creates feelings. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Pois eu tinha me esquecido de tanta luz que h no mundo, at voc devolv-la a mim. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Political chaos is connected with the decay of language... one can probably bring about some improvement by starting at the verbal end. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Political language... is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Political liberty, the peace of a nation, and science itself are gifts for which Fate demands a heavy tax in blood! ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Poor is the pupil who does not surpass his master. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Portland is quickly becoming one of those lovely, lush Third World countries where kinda-rich people retire with their money. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Positive thinking founded on denial may not be so great. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Power doesn't just exist. It is threaded through different mechanisms of control. I'm interested in those complexities. But I want to address that in very forthright language and sometimes with images. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	Power inheres in a center. You're going to the center. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Power is action; the electoral principle is discussion. No political action is possible when discussion is permanently established. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Power is not revealed by striking hard or often, but by striking true. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Power is power. It's energy. And if you get big, big energy, you can use that in a good way. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Praise God from whom all blessings flow, including good-natured men. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Preachers in pulpits talked about what a great message is in the book. No matter what you do, somebody always imputes meaning into your books. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Pregnant women have no ethics. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Previous generations understood about death, and undoubtedly would have seen a reasonable amount of death. Once you get into the Victorian era, you might well have seen the funerals of many of your siblings before you were very old. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Pride kept her from confiding in the other girls, and caution kept her from confessing to the older women. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	Probably the battle of Waterloo was won on the playing-fields of Eton, but the opening battles of all subsequent wars have been lost there. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Professional men, they have no cares; whatever happens, they get theirs. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Progress is not an illusion, it happens, but it is slow and invariably disappointing. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Progress means nothing to presence. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Progress might have been alright once, but it has gone on too long. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Prolonged, indiscriminate reviewing of books is a quite exceptionally thankless, irritating and exhausting job. It not only involves praising trash but constantly inventing reactions towards books about which one has no spontaneous feeling whatever. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Prominence is cool, but when the delusion kicks in it can be a drag. Especially if you choose to surround yourself with friends and not acolytes. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	Propaganda has a negative connotation, which it partially deserves, but I think there is some propaganda that is very positive. I feel that if you can do something that gets people's attention, then maybe they'll go and find out more about the person. -- Shepard Fairey
creative	sfw	Protect me from what I want. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Proverbs are always platitudes until you have personally experienced the truth of them. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Proverbs are always platitudes until you have personally experienced the truth of them. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Que nuestros enemigos mueran sin hijos dijo el angya gravemente, alzando la copa, que haba vuelto a llenar. Ursula K. Le Guin, Mundos de exilio e ilusin
creative	sfw	Question 14: Are you living your secret desires? Floored again. I finally didnt check Yes, Somewhat, or No, but wrote in I have none, my desires are flagrant. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Raise boys and girls the same way. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Reality can be elastic, and I want to see how elastic it can be, you know? -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Reality means you live until you die. The real truth is nobody wants reality. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Reality only appears to us tragical because of the disequilibrium and confusion of its appearances. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	Really, I do not know whether my paintings are surrealist or not, but I do know that they are the frankest expression of myself. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	Recently I danced in a video spoof of the song 'Gangnam Style,' and it was quickly banned across multiple Chinese online video platforms. But the story still traveled all over the world, carried in hundreds of international media reports. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	Religion has nothing to do with God. It's a fundamental attitude of human beings, who ask about the origins of life and what happens after death. For many, the answer is a personal god. In my opinion, it's religion that produces God, not the other way round. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Religion is not a popular error; it is a great instinctive truth, sensed by the people, expressed by the people. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Remember, each one of us has the power to change the world. Just start thinking peace, and the message will spread quicker than you think. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Remorse is a violent dyspepsia of the mind. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Ronde, one a live village and the other deserted, as dead as Karnak, Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	SOME DAYS YOU WAKE AND IMMEDIATELY START TO WORRY. NOTHING IN PARTICULAR IS WRONG, ITS JUST THE SUSPICION THAT FORCES ARE ALIGNING QUIETLY AND THERE WILL BE TROUBLE. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	SOME PEOPLE LIKE TO NIBBLE ON THE INSIDES OF THEIR OWN CHEEKS. IV'E SEEN AN OTHERWISE LOVELY GIRL CONTORT HER FACE TO REACH A FAVORITE SPOT. THERE ARE BIT LINES WHERE REPEATED NIPS HAVE BUILT RIDGES OF SCAR TISSUE. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	SPIT ALL OVER SOMEONE WITH A MOUTHFUL OF MILK IF YOU WANT TO FIND OUT SOMETHING ABOUT THEIR PERSONALITY FAST. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proved innocent. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Sanity returns (in most cases) when the book is closed. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Sanki ezelden beri bu sessiz varln yannda, kararmakta olan sessiz bir diyarda yryormu gibi geldi Ged'e. indeki gayret ve dikkat hisleri kreldi. Sanki uzun, ok uzun bir dte, hibir yere doru yryordu. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Savor kindness because cruelty is always possible later. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Science fiction is not predictive; it is descriptive. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Science fiction is not prescriptive; it is descriptive. Ursula K. LeGuin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Science fiction writers foresee the inevitable, and although problems and catastrophes may be inevitable, solutions are not. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	Science has explained nothing; the more we know the more fantastic the world becomes and the profounder the surrounding darkness. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Science has explained nothing; the more we know the more fantastic the world becomes and the profounder the surrounding darkness. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Science is the captain, and practice the soldiers. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Sculpture is the art of the intelligence. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Sculpture is the best comment that a painter can make on painting. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Se puteau da jos foi dup foi de pe o ceap i totui s nu apar nimic altceva dect tot ceap. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Seeing is no longer believing. The very notion of truth has been put into crisis. In a world bloated with images, we are finally learning that photographs do indeed lie. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	Seen rightly, any situation, even a chaos or a trap would come clear and lead of itself to its one proper outcome: for there is in the long run no disharmony, only misunderstanding, no chance or mischance but only the ignorant eye. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	Self-satisfaction with the inability to remain conscious when faced with printed matter seems misplaced. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wild Girls
creative	sfw	Semiotics is a general theory of all existing languages... all forms of communication - visual, tactile, and so on... There is general semiotics, which is a philosophical approach to this field, and then there are many specific semiotics. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Serious sport is war minus the shooting. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Seven hundred thousand people who have dementia in this country are not heard. I'm fortunate; I can be heard. Regrettably, it's amazing how people listen if you stand up in public and give away $1 million for research into the disease, as I have done. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Several excuses are always less convincing than one. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Several excuses are always less convincing than one. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Shakespeare didn't work at all for me. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	She couldnt be a hero in the hero-tale sense. Not even in a fantasy? No. Because to me, fantasy isnt wishful thinking, but a way of reflecting, and reflecting on reality. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	She had made these with scrap wire and tools from the craft supply depot, and called them Occupations of Uninhabited Space. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	She had never been herself with other people, had always felt a falsity in her relationships with them; she had never known who she was at all, except sometimes for a moment in meditation, when her I am became It is, and she breathed the stars. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	She had not realized how very different people were, how differently they saw life. She felt as if she had looked up and suddenly seen a whole new planet hanging huge and populous right outside the window. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	She has no taste left to her and this makes it easier for me. The color of her where she is inside is enough to make me kill her. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	She laughed again, and she looked at me. Just for a moment. But she looked, she saw. She wasn't looking at me to see what she looked like, she was looking me to see what I looked like. That is unusual in my experience Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	She said it seemed like the only choices offered were to want to be what other people were, or to be what other people wanted you to be. Ursula K. Le Guin, Very Far Away from Anywhere Else
creative	sfw	She took his arm. He stopped short, as if her touch had electrocuted him on the spot. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	She touched his face and tied his hair back for him. Her hands were cool. He had never felt anything pleasanter in all his life than the touch of her hands. He reached out for her hand. She was not there, she had gone. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	She was so elaborately and ostentatiously a female body that she seemed scarcely to be a human being. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	She was the woman in the table. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	She waved through the dirty window from her seat as the train started up. I did not do the ape act. I stood there and did the human act as well as possible. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	She'll die.' 'Aye. That's a consequence of being alive. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Shes pious. By that word I meant responsible, faithful to duty, open to awe. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Shevek" dedi. Yabanc biriyle konumaya balarken tutunabilecei bir dal uzatmak iin adn sylemek gelenektendi. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Shevek, meeting her eyes, knew that he had committed an unforgivable fault in forgetting her and, . . . Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Short stories are tiny windows into other worlds and other minds and dreams. They are journeys you can make to the far side of the universe and still be back in time for dinner. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Should graffiti be judged on the same level as modern art? Of course not: It's way more important than that. -- Banksy
creative	sfw	Show me a man who lives alone and has a perpetually clean kitchen, and 8 times out of 9 I'll show you a man with detestable spiritual qualities. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Since I was seventeen I thought I might be a star. I'd think about all my heroes, Charlie Parker, Jimi Hendrix... I had a romantic feeling about how these people became famous. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	Since I was shot, everything is such a dream to me. Like I don't know whether I'm alive or whether I died. I wasn't afraid before. And having been dead once, I shouldn't feel fear. But I am afraid. I don't understand why. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Since anti-racist individuals did not control mass media, the media became the primary tool that would be used and is still used to convince black viewers, and everyone else, of black inferiority. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Since loving is about knowing, we have more meaningful love relationships when we know each other and it takes time to know each other. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Since people are going to be living longer and getting older, they'll just have to learn how to be babies longer. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Since the global economic crisis began, the change in global attitudes is clear to see - and I think it is pitiful. Barack Obama came to China and he is probably the only president of the United States never to mention the words 'human rights' in public. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	Since the tubes of paint used by the artist are manufactured and ready-made products, we must conclude that all the paintings in the world are 'ready-mades aided' and also works of assemblage. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Singing has always seemed to me the most perfect means of expression. It is so spontaneous. And after singing, I think the violin. Since I cannot sing, I paint. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	Siren voices tell me, 'You don't have to keep going on.' And then you think, 'I'm a writer. What do I do? Sit there watching my wife clean up?' I don't know. I like being a writer. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Skin has become inadequate in interfacing with reality. Technology has become the body's new membrane of existence. -- Nam June Paik
creative	sfw	Sleep gets some really good PR from poets, who are used to talking clearly about things we dont understand. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	Slo una pregunta tiene respuesta, Genry, y ya conocemos la respuesta... La vida es posible slo a causa de esa permanente e intolerable incertidumbre: no conocer lo que vendr Ursula K. Le Guin, Los mundos de Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Sloppy thinking gets worse over time. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Small Beer Press Easthampton, MA Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	Small natures require despotism to exercise their sinews, as great souls thirst for equality to give play to their heart. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Smiles, bells, parades, horses, bleh. If so, please add an orgy. If an orgy would help, don't hesitate. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
creative	sfw	So I went out and bought myself a copy of the Writer and Artist Yearbook, bought lots of magazines and got on the phone and talked to editors about ideas for stories. Pretty soon I found myself hired to do interviews and articles and went off and did them. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	So honest conversation about concerning geezerhood takes place mostly among geezers. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	So long as men worship the Caesars and Napoleons, Caesars and Napoleons will duly arise and make them miserable. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	So long as men worship the Caesars and Napoleons, Caesars and Napoleons will duly arise and make them miserable. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	So many artists say they're not aware of audience. For me is unbelievable. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	So many of his problems were of a kind that other people did not understand, that he got used to working them out for himself, in silence. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	So many people seem to prefer my silver-screenings of movie stars to the rest of my work. It must be the subject matter that attracts them, because my death and violence paintings are just as good. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	So much of art-making is about reducing things to the essentials, so I don't feel particularly crippled by this. I don't want it to look natural because then I would be making a documentary film. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	So much of left-wing thought is a kind of playing with fire by people who don't even know that fire is hot. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	So rest a while, we can talk in the cool of the evening. Or the cool of the morning. There 's seldom as much hurry as I used to think there was." -Hawk Who had been Archmage The Other Wind Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	So the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund is out there preserving and fighting for, and sometimes winning and sometimes losing, the fight for First Amendment rights in comics and, more generally, for freedom of speech. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	So the first step out of childhood is made all at once, without looking before or behind, without caution, and nothing held in reserve. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	So the unwanting soul sees whats hidden, and the ever-wanting soul sees only what it wants. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tao Te Ching: A Book about the Way and the Power of the Way
creative	sfw	So when one stands in a cherished place for the last time before a voyage without return, he sees it all whole, and real, and dear, as he has never seen it before and never will see it again. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Society bristles with enigmas which look hard to solve. It is a perfect maze of intrigue. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Society has always to demand a little more from human beings than it will get in practice. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Society tells you that when you're old you have to retire. You have to defy that. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Sociological critics are waste makers. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Solitude is fine, but you need someone to tell you that solitude is fine. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Solitude was his fate; he was trapped in his heredity. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Solo en el silencio la palabra, solo en la oscuridad la luz, solo en la muerte la vida; el brillo del halcn brilla en el cielo vaco. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Some days I can't get an idea, and I think, 'Man, I'm just washed up,' but it's just a mood. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	Some debts are fun when you are acquiring them, but none are fun when you set about retiring them. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Some dreams tell us what we wish to believe. Some dreams tell us what we fear. Some dreams are of what we know though we may not know we know it. The rarest dream is the dream that tells us what we have not known. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
creative	sfw	Some of the best ideas I get seem to happen when I'm doing mindless manual labor or exercise. I'm not sure how that happens, but it leaves me free for remarkable ideas to occur. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Some painters transform the sun into a yellow spot, others transform a yellow spot into the sun. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Some people act as though art that is for a mass audience is not good art, and I think this has been a very negative thing. I know that I have wanted very much to write books that are accessible to the widest audience possible. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Some people never go crazy, What truly horrible lives they must live. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Some people think that movements, such as the movements in ballet, are a higher cultural expression, whereas some are just dirt. I think it is elitist to think that a trained movement is more acceptable than untrained and possibly unrehearsed movements. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Somebody once asked me what my theory of life was, and I said, 'Don't try.' That fits the writing, too. I don't try; I just type. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Somehow is a super-weasel, a word that betrays that the author didnt want to bother thinking out the storySomehow Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
creative	sfw	Someone else's body is a place for your mind to go. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Sometimes I am happy and sometimes not. I am, after all, a human being, you know. And I am glad that we are sometimes happy and sometimes not. You get your wisdom working by having different emotions. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Sometimes I've called writing a disease. If so, I'm glad that it caught me. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Sometimes it is better to light a flamethrower than curse the darkness. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Sometimes the best way to learn something is by doing it wrong and looking at what you did. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Sometimes the father feels pushed out because of the connection between the mother and the child. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Sometimes the first duty of intelligent men is the restatement of the obvious. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Sometimes the very best way to deal with unpleasant things is to depict them in ways that allow people to laugh at them and destroy the power of unsayable things, rather than refusing to acknowledge them. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Sometimes you do something, and you get screwed. Sometimes it's the things you don't do, and you get screwed. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Sometimes you must go against the wheel's turn. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Sometimes you say things with a smile with the precise intention of making it clear that you are not being serious, and are only kidding. If I salute a friend with a smile and say, 'How are you, you old scoundrel!' clearly I don't really mean he's a scoundrel. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Sometimes, when I see my granddaughters make small discoveries of their own, I wish I were a child. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Sons have always a rebellious wish to be disillusioned by that which charmed their fathers. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Sons have always a rebellious wish to be disillusioned by that which charmed their fathers. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Sooner or later we're all someone's dog. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Sound as medium has an incredible elasticity. So, of course, it is tempting for artists of other fields to try something with sounds. Why not? We are living in the age when there is no limit in gathering all forms of art and music to mix it together if you so desire. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Speakers who talk about what life has taught them never fail to keep the attention of their listeners. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Specialized meaninglessness has come to be regarded, in certain circles, as a kind of hallmark of true science. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Specialized meaninglessness has come to be regarded, in certain circles, as a kind of hallmark of true science. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Speech is sharinga cooperative art. You're not sharing, merely egoizing. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	Speed provides the one genuinely modern pleasure. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Speed provides the one genuinely modern pleasure. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Speed, it seems to me, provides the one genuinely modern pleasure. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Speed, it seems to me, provides the one genuinely modern pleasure. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Stealthily the stars slid forward into nothingness. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Step with care and great tact, and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Stories are what death thinks he puts an end to. He can't understand that they end in him, but they don't end with him. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
creative	sfw	Story is our only boat for sailing on the river of time, but in the great rapids and the winding shallows no boat is safe. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
creative	sfw	Story is our only boat for sailing on the river of time. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Students are intense people, they laugh and cry, they break down and rebuild. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
creative	sfw	Study lends a kind of enchantment to all our surroundings. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Subjectivity ceases to exist only when the mutation-like leap is made from subjectivity to objectivity, from individual existence to universal existence. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	Success is dangerous. One begins to copy oneself, and to copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others. It leads to sterility. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Suicide, moreover, was at the time in vogue in Paris: what more suitable key to the mystery of life for a skeptical society? ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Sun-bleached bones were most wonderful against the blue - that blue that will always be there as it is now after all man's destruction is finished. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	Suppose that we are wise enough to learn and know - and yet not wise enough to control our learning and knowledge, so that we use it to destroy ourselves? Even if that is so, knowledge remains better than ignorance. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	Sure, it's simple writing for kidsjust as simple as bringing them up. Ursula K. LeGuin
creative	sfw	Surrealism is destructive, but it destroys only what it considers to be shackles limiting our vision. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Syle bakalm,' dedi en sonunda, 'Roke'ten ayrlmaya korkuyor musun? Yoksa buradan ayrlmaya istekli misin? Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Sz sessizlikte, k karanlkta, yaam lrken; bombo gkyznde uarken parlar atmaca. -Ea'nn Yaradl Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	THE DOMESTICATION OF HUNCH Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	THE FOND OLD COUPLE WAS DISAPPEARING TOGETHER THROUGH SUCCESSIVE AMPUTATIONS. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	THE IMPULSE IS TO SQUEEZE AND FONDLE BABY WILD ANIMALS BUT THEN THEY'D BE BROKEN AND WHAT GOOD WOULD THEY BE? -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	THERE IS A PERIOD WHEN IT IS CLEAR THAT YOU HAVE GONE WRONG BUT YOU CONTINUE. SOMETIMES THERE IS A LUXURIOUS AMOUNT OF TIME BEFORE ANYTHING BAD HAPPENS. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	THERE'S NO REASON TO SLEEP CURLED UP AND BENT. IT'S NOT COMFORTABLE, IT'S NOT GOOD FOR YOU, AND IT DOESN'T PROTECT YOU FROM DANGER. IF YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT AN ATTACK YOU SHOULD STAY AWAKE OR SLEEP LIGHTLY WITH LIMBS UNFURLED FOR ACTION. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	THINKING about Homer, and it occurred to me that his two books are the two basic fantasy stories: the War and the Journey. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Take care, Tenar, he said. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	Take me, I am the drug; take me, I am hallucinogenic. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Talking about it changed it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	Taxation is just a sophisticated way of demanding money with menaces. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Teaching at university isn't like teaching in an art school. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	Tears come from the heart and not from the brain. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Tell the audience what you're going to say, say it; then tell them what you've said. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Terrible, because when we are finally naked in the dark and cold, it is all we have. We who are so rich, so full of strength, we end up with that small change. We have nothing else to give. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Tezyeme," he said, which meant something on the order of "it is happening the way it is supposed to happen. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
creative	sfw	That all men are equal is a proposition to which, at ordinary times, no sane human being has ever given his assent. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	That all men are equal is a proposition to which, at ordinary times, no sane human being has ever given his assent. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	That is between me and my shadow. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	That saying, about how you always kill the thing you love, well, it works both ways. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	That we are not much sicker and much madder than we are is due exclusively to that most blessed and blessing of all natural graces, sleep. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	That we are not much sicker and much madder than we are is due exclusively to that most blessed and blessing of all natural graces, sleep. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	That's the test of street art - to see if anybody stopped. People would cross out ones they didn't like and would star others. I liked that people would engage with them. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	The 'Bird's Nest' National Stadium, which I helped to conceive, is designed to embody the Olympic spirit of 'fair competition.' It tells people that freedom is possible but needs fairness, courage and strength. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	The 'Glass' is not my autobiography, nor is it self-expression. Far from it. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	The 'New Testament', now, I quite liked. Jesus had a lot of good things to say, and as for his father, he must have been highly thought of by the community to work with wood - a material that couldn't have been widely available in Palestine. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	The 1960s were about releasing ourselves from conventional society and freeing ourselves. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	The Akan system is a spiritual discipline with spiritual goals, but they're exactly the same goals it seeks for bodily and ethical well-being. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	The American experience influenced my understanding of individuality, basic human rights, freedom of expression and the rights and responsibilities of citizens. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	The Beat spokesman, surprisingly, seemed to be satisfied with the ethics that we have inherited. -- Paul Goodman, Growing Up Absurd
creative	sfw	The Beatles were a group made up of four very complex men, and my small hand could not have broken these men up. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	The Beijing Olympics and the Shanghai World Expo show just how much effort China is willing to spend to enter the global stage. But while China desires to understand the world, it fails to accept its universal values. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	The Catholic and the Communist are alike in assuming that an opponent cannot be both honest and intelligent. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	The Civil War won formal rights for Negroes, but failed to win social justice and factual democracy. The actual result has been segregation, and fear and ignorance for both whites and blacks. -- Paul Goodman, Growing Up Absurd: Problems of Youth in the Organized Society
creative	sfw	The Encyclopedia Planaria, in forty-four volumes, is not portable, and after all, what is entirely reliable unless it's dead? Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
creative	sfw	The Enlightenment, the Age of Reason, is seen as the beginning of modern depravity. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	The French, the Italians, the Germans, the Spanish and the English have spent centuries killing each other. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	The Medici created and destroyed me. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The Owl thinks slowly, but the Owl thinks long. Ursula K. Le Guin, Catwings
creative	sfw	The Revolution is in the individual spirit, or it is nowhere. It is for all, or it is nothing. If it is seen as having any end, it will never truly begin. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	The United States needed a civil war to unite properly. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	The Veksi are an angry species. Their social life consists largely of arguments, recriminations, quarrels, fights, outbursts of fury, fits of the sulks, brawls, feuds, and impulsive acts of vengeance. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes: Stories
creative	sfw	The Wild Winds of Possibility: Vonda McIntyres Dreamsnake Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	The Yomeshta would say that mans singularity is his divinity. Lords of the Earth, yes. Other cults on other worlds have come to the same conclusion. They tend to be the cults of dynamic, aggressive, ecology-breaking cultures. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The admirable is inexplicable. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being, but to remind him that he is already degraded. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	The airport bookstore did not sell books, only bestsellers, which Sita Dulip cannot read without risking a severe systemic reaction. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
creative	sfw	The answer is there is no answer. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	The art of motherhood involves much silent, unobtrusive self-denial, an hourly devotion which finds no detail too minute. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	The art world was not initially really accepting my kind of work. I was ahead of my time. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	The artist deals with what cannot be said in words. The artist whose medium is fiction does this in words. The novelist says in words what cannot be said in words. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider's web. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	The artist sees the tragic to such a degree that he is compelled to express the non-tragic. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	The artist who goes into himself most deeply -- and it is a painful journey -- is the artist who touches us most closely, speaks to us most clearly. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The atmosphere of orthodoxy is always damaging to prose, and above all it is completely ruinous to the novel, the most anarchical of all forms of literature. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	The atom bombs are piling up in the factories, the police are prowling through the cities, the lies are streaming from the loudspeakers, but the earth is still going round the sun. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	The author is not impartial. Dystopia is not tragedy. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	The author may not interpret. But he must tell why and how he wrote his book. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	The author of the Iliad is either Homer or, if not Homer, somebody else of the same name. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The author of the Iliad is either Homer or, if not Homer, somebody else of the same name. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The bed is a bundle of paradoxes: we go to it with reluctance, yet we quit it with regret; we make up our minds every night to leave it early, but we make up our bodies every morning to keep it late. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	The beginnings and ends of shadow lie between the light and darkness and may be infinitely diminished and infinitely increased. Shadow is the means by which bodies display their form. The forms of bodies could not be understood in detail but for shadow. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The best books... are those that tell you what you know already. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	The best thing about getting a flu shot is that you never again need to wash your hands. That's how I see it. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	The big problem of our modern society is that we feel that we are separated from the nature. But it's just the opposite. We are interrelated and our DNA is the same. And only when human beings understand that, the nature will not be obstacle. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	The biggest difference between England and America is that England has history, while America has geography. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	The black person is the protagonist in most of my paintings. I realized that I didn't see many paintings with black people in them. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	The book is still filtering down through my emotional Melitta and I will have further reports later, Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The character and history of each child may be a new and poetic experience to the parent, if he will let it. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The chief enemy of creativity is 'good' sense. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	The child stared at her or at nothing, trying to breathe, and trying again to breathe, and trying again to breathe. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
creative	sfw	The clothes of Courreges are so nice. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	The comic is the perception of the opposite; humor is the feeling of it. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	The common erotic project of destroying women makes it possible for men to unite into a brotherhood; this project is the only firm and trustworthy groundwork for cooperation among males and all male bonding is based on it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	The computer is my favourite invention. I feel lucky to be part of the global village. I don't mean to brag, but I'm so fast with technology. People think it all seems too much, but we'll get used to it. I'm sure it all seemed too much when we were learning to walk. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	The constrained body knows and values the freedom of the mind. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
creative	sfw	The country is provincial; it becomes ridiculous when it tries to ape Paris. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	The country makes me more paranoid, you know? I think the crazy people out there are little crazier. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	The curious thing about the Ready-Made is that I've never been able to arrive at a definition or explanation that fully satisfies me. There's still magic in the idea, so I'd rather keep it that way than try to be exoteric about it. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	The current total of countries in the world with First Amendments is one. You have guaranteed freedom of speech. Other countries don't have that. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	The cynicism that you have is not your real soul. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	The daily hummingbird assaults existence with improbability. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	The danger in trying to do good is that the mind comes to confuse the intent of goodness with the act of doing things well. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
creative	sfw	The days you work are the best days. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	The dead are dead. The great and mighty go their way unchecked. The only hope in the world lies in the people of no account. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The desire for freedom and equilibrium (harmony) is inherent in man (due to the universal in him). -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	The desperate things seem to require attention, the lovely things seem to elicit celebration. If I had to choose, I would go to the awful in the hope that doing something could yield a happier result. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	The difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is that in a democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a dictatorship you don't have to waste your time voting. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	The difference between false memories and true ones is the same as for jewels: it is always the false ones that look the most real, the most brilliant. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	The discovery brings him victory, the kind of victory that isnt the end of a battle but the beginning of a life. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	The doctor was not, he thought, really sure that anyone else existed, and wanted to prove they did by helping them. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	The duration of passion is proportionate with the original resistance of the woman. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	The elimination of war. Did the Ancient Hainish postulate that continuous sexual capacity and organized social aggression, neither of which are attributes of any mammal but man, are cause and effect? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The end justifies the means. But what if there never is an end? All we have is means. Orr Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	The end justifies the means. But what if there never is an end? All we have is means. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	The entire world of art has reached such a low level, it has been commercialized to such a degree that art and everything related to it has become one of the most trivial activities of our epoch. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	The epiphany for me was that I wasn't a writer, and I had to do something with these texts. I put them in the streets as posters. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	The especial genius of women I believe to be electrical in movement, intuitive in function, spiritual in tendency. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	The essential act of war is destruction, not necessarily of human lives, but of the products of human labor. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	The ethic of liberal individualism has so deeply permeated the psyches of blacks... of all classes that we have little support for a political ethic of communalism that promotes the sharing of resources. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	The experience was disagreeable. I began to feel like an atheist praying. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The explorer who will not come back or send back his ships to tell his tale is not an explorer, only an adventurer, and his sons are born in exile. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	The explorer who will not come back or send back his ships to tell his tale is not an explorer, only an adventurer; and his sons are born in exile. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	The expression a woman wears on her face is far more important than the clothes she wears on her back. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	The fact is that love is of two kinds, one which commands, and one which obeys. The two are quite distinct, and the passion to which the one gives rise is not the passion of the other. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	The false starts and futilities of the past years proved themselves to be groundwork, foundations, laid in the dark but well laid. Ursuala K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The female loves to play man against man. And if she is in a position to do it, there is not one who will resist. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	The finest works of art are precious, among other reasons, because they make it possible for us to know, if only imperfectly and for a little while, what it actually feels like to think subtly and feel nobly. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The finest works of art are precious, among other reasons, because they make it possible for us to know, if only imperfectly and for a little while, what it actually feels like to think subtly and feel nobly. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The first man to compare the cheeks of a young woman to a rose was obviously a poet; the first to repeat it was possibly an idiot. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	The first question I ask myself when something doesn't seem to be beautiful is why do I think it's not beautiful. And very shortly you discover that there is no reason. -- John Cage
creative	sfw	The first step to eternal life is you have to die. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	The first thing I can remember clearly is writing the way into the secret room. Ursula K. Le Guin, Voices
creative	sfw	The fish in the creek said nothing. Fish never do. Few people know what fish think about injustice, or anything else. Ursula K. Le Guin, Catwings
creative	sfw	The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it - basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	The function of memory is not only to preserve, but also to throw away. If you remembered everything from your entire life, you would be sick. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	The function of muscle is to pull and not to push, except in the case of the genitals and the tongue. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The function of the artist in a disturbed society is to give awareness of the universe, to ask the right questions, and to elevate the mind. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	The future is now. -- Nam June Paik
creative	sfw	The genius of Einstein leads to Hiroshima. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	The genius of any slave system is found in the dynamics which isolate slaves from each other, obscure the reality of a common condition, and make united rebellion against the oppressor inconceivable. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	The good of a book lies in its being read. A book is made up of signs that speak of other signs, which in their turn speak of things. Without an eye to read them, a book contains signs that produce no concepts; therefore it is dumb. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	The grandeur of Jerusalem is also... its problem. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	The great enemy of clear language is insincerity. When there is a gap between one's real and one's declared aims, one turns, as it were, instinctively to long words and exhausted idioms, like a cuttlefish squirting out ink. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	The great problem was the selection of the readymade. I needed to choose an object without it impressing me: that is to say, without it providing any sort of aesthetic delectation. Moreover, I needed to reduce my own personal taste to absolute zero. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	The great thing about Batman and Superman, in truth, is that they are literally transcendent. They are better than most of the stories they are in. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The greatest men of a nation are those it puts to death. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	The greatest movement for social justice our country has ever known is the civil rights movement and it was totally rooted in a love ethic. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	The guesswork of a wizard is close to knowledge, though he may not know what it is he knows. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
creative	sfw	The habit of silence is lead on the tongue. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
creative	sfw	The habits of life form the soul, and the soul forms the countenance. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	The harder I work, the luckier I become. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	The hardest thing to do is something that is close to nothing. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	The highest purpose is to have no purpose at all. This puts one in accord with nature, in her manner of operation. -- John Cage
creative	sfw	The human bird shall take his first flight, filling the world with amazement, all writings with his fame, and bringing eternal glory to the nest whence he sprang. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The human race is a very, very magical race. We have a magic power of witches and wizards. We're here on this earth to unravel the mystery of this planet. The planet is asking for it. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	The hunger of a dragon is slow to wake, but hard to sate. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The idea is like grass. It craves light, likes crowds, thrives on crossbreeding, grows better for being stepped on. Even Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	The idea is like grass. It craves light, likes crowds, thrives on crossbreeding, grows better for being stepped on. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	The idea is like grass. It craves light, likes crowds, thrives on crossbreeding, grows better for being stepped on. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	The ideal death, I think, is what was the ideal Victorian death, you know, with your grandchildren around you, a bit of sobbing. And you say goodbye to your loved ones, making certain that one of them has been left behind to look after the shop. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	The ideas I stand for are not mine. I borrowed them from Socrates. I swiped them from Chesterfield. I stole them from Jesus. And I put them in a book. If you don't like their rules, whose would you use? -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	The imagination is a muscle. If it is not exercised, it atrophies. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	The imagination is an essential tool of the mind, a fundamental way of thinking, an indispensable means of becoming and remaining human. We Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	The imagination is truly the enemy of bigotry and dogma. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The important thing is not the finding, it is the seeking, it is the devotion with which one spins the wheel of prayer and scripture, discovering the truth little by little. If this machine gave you the truth immediately, you would not recognize it. Ursula K. Leguin
creative	sfw	The impulse to cruelty is, in many people, almost as violent as the impulse to sexual love - almost as violent and much more mischievous. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The impulse to cruelty is, in many people, almost as violent as the impulse to sexual love - almost as violent and much more mischievous. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The individual - man as a man, man as a brain, if you like - interests me more than what he makes because I've noticed that most artists only repeat themselves. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	The individual cannot bargain with the State. The State recognizes no coinage but power: and it issues the coins itself. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	The infinite possibility, the unlimited and unqualified wholeness of being of the uncommitted, the nonacting, the uncarved: the being who, being nothing but himself, is everything. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	The infinite possibility, the unlimited and unqualified wholeness of being of the uncommitted, the nonacting, the uncarved; the being who, being nothing but himself, is everything. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	The institutionalization of Black Studies, Feminist Studies, all of these things, led to a sense that the struggle was over for a lot of people and that one did not have to continue the personal consciousness-raising and changing of one's viewpoint. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	The intellectual is different from the ordinary man, but only in certain sections of his personality, and even then not all the time. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	The intelligence of the creature known as a crowd, is the square root of the number of people in it. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	The internet is a wild land with its own games, languages and gestures through which we are starting to share common feelings. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	The island of Gont, a single mountain that lifts its peak a mile above the storm-racked Northeast Sea, is a land famous for wizards. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	The joy of doing 'Sandman' was doing a comic and telling people, 'No, it has an end,' at a time when nobody thought you could actually get to the end and stop doing a comic that people were still buying just because you'd finished. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	The king was pregnant. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The law of evolution is that the strongest survives!' 'Yes, and the strongest, in the existence of any social species, are those who are most social. In human terms, most ethical...There is no strength to be gained from hurting one another. Only weakness. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The length of a man's outspread arms is equal to his height. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The liberty of the individual is a necessary postulate of human progress. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	The life of a man who deliberately runs through his fortune often becomes a business speculation; his friends, his pleasures, patrons, and acquaintances are his capital. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	The life of every man is in the Center of Time, for all were seen in the seeing of Meshe, and are in his eye. We are the pupils of his Eye... Our doing is his Seeing: our being is his Knowing. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The light is the left hand of darkness Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The lower you fall, the higher you'll fly. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	The machine conceals the machinations. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The main problem with writing in verse is, if your fourth line doesn't come out right, you've got to throw four lines away and figure out a whole new way to attack the problem. So the mortality rate is terrific. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutan trying to play the violin. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	The male, for all his bravado and exploration, is the loyal one, the one who generally feels love. The female is skilled at betrayal and torture and damnation. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	The man as he converses is the lover; silent, he is the husband. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	The man whose action habitually bears the stamp of his mind is a genius, but the greatest genius is not always equal to himself, or he would cease to be human. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	The margin between collusion and respect can be narrow, Tong said. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	The meaning of words has become so blurred by past usage that 'abstract' is identified with 'vague' and 'unreal,' and 'inwardness' with a sort of traditional beatitude... The conception of the word 'plastic' has also been limited by individual interpretations. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	The means are the end, only peace brings peace, only just acts bring justice...the separation of means and ends was false. For her as for him, there was no end. There was process: process was all. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The mind is crazy thing. To be focused is the most difficult thing. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	The mind of the painter must resemble a mirror, which always takes the colour of the object it reflects and is completely occupied by the images of as many objects as are in front of it. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The mobile phone... is a tool for those whose professions require a fast response, such as doctors or plumbers. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	The modern artist is working with space and time, and expressing his feelings rather than illustrating. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	The modern artist... is working and expressing an inner world - in other words - expressing the energy, the motion, and other inner forces. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	The moment that you feel that just possibly you are walking down the street naked... that's the moment you may be starting to get it right. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	The moment was gone; he saw it going. He did not try to hold on to it. He knew he was part of it, not it of him. He was in its keeping. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	The more I paint the more I like everything. -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	The more cats you have, the longer you live. If you have a hundred cats, you'll live 10 times longer than if you have 10. Someday this will be discovered, and people will have a thousand cats and live forever. It's truly ridiculous. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	The more one judges, the less one loves. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The more technique you have, the less you have to worry about it. The more technique there is, the less there is. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	The most advanced minds as well as the least advanced are obliged to use the same words. If we adopt new words, it will be even more difficult - if not impossible - to make ourselves understood. The new man must therefore express himself in conventional language. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	The most distressing thing that can happen to a prophet is to be proved wrong. The next most distressing thing is to be proved right. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The most distressing thing that can happen to a prophet is to be proved wrong. The next most distressing thing is to be proved right. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The most exciting attractions are between two opposites that never meet. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	The most exciting happiness is the happiness generated by forces beyond your control. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...' -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	The most exciting thing is not doing it. If you fall in love with someone and never do it, it's much more exciting. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	The most fatal illusion is the narrow point of view. Since life is growth and motion, a fixed point of view kills anybody who has one. -- Brooks Atkinson
creative	sfw	The most important part of the body is the brain. Of my face, I like the eyebrows and eyes. Aside from that, I like nothing. My head is too small. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	The most interesting letters I received about 'The Name of the Rose' were from people in the Midwest that maybe didn't understand exactly, but wanted to understand more and who were excited by this picture of a world which was not their own. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	The most profound things are inexpressible. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	The most revolutionary ideas are not sellable, but only mind-changing. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	The most shocking fact about war is that its victims and its instruments are individual human beings, and that these individual beings are condemned by the monstrous conventions of politics to murder or be murdered in quarrels not their own. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The most shocking fact about war is that its victims and its instruments are individual human beings, and that these individual beings are condemned by the monstrous conventions of politics to murder or be murdered in quarrels not their own. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The most valuable of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it has to be done, whether you like it or not. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The most valuable of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it has to be done, whether you like it or not. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The most virtuous women have something within them, something that is never chaste. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	The most winning characteristic of the rather harsh Cetian temperament was curiosity, inopportune, and inexhaustible curiosity; Cetians died eagerly, curious as to what came next. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
creative	sfw	The moths look like souls in the underworld, Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	The motto of chivalry is also the motto of wisdom; to serve all, but love only one. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	The nationalist not only does not disapprove of atrocities committed by his own side, but he has a remarkable capacity for not even hearing about them. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	The natural desire of good men is knowledge. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The natural does not have to be a specific representation. I am now working on a thing which is a reconstruction of a starry sky, yet I make it, nevertheless, without a given in nature. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	The nice thing about the gallery shows is that without having to pay any money you can just go and see it. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The nod of a head is such a small thing, it can mean so little, yet it is the gesture of assent that allows, that makes to be. The nod is the gesture of power, the yes. The numen, the presence of the sacred, is called by its name Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	The nod of a head is such a small thing, it can mean so little, yet it is the gesture of assent that allows, that makes to be. The nod is the gesture of power, the yes. The numen. the presence of the sacred, is called by its name. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The novelist says in words what cannot be said in words. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The novelist's business is lying. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The offer of a generous spirit is not one to refuse lightly. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	The old farfetchers' motto: Opinion ends reception. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	The older you get the stronger the wind gets - and it's always in your face. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	The only emotion I felt was shame. For him, for myself. Again I had trusted, and again I had betrayed and been betrayed. Venne Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	The only instrument I can play is piano. Whenever I make songs at home, I play the piano and make them on the piano. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	The only people I ever get irritated with are the ones who announce, using my Twitter handle, that they are no longer following me and why. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	The only people who should really sin are the people who can sin and grin. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	The only questions that really matter are the ones you ask yourself. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The only superstition I have is that I must start a new book on the same day that I finish the last one, even if it's just a few notes in a file. I dread not having work in progress. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	The only theatre I do is my own. Somehow, my life is the only life that I can play. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	The only thing I know is that I paint because I need to, and I paint whatever passes through my head without any other consideration. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	The only thing I shy away from is non-consensual violence. I can't write a story where someone is a simple victim because it's boring. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty; not knowing what comes next. -- Ursula K Le Guin
creative	sfw	The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	The painter who draws merely by practice and by eye, without any reason, is like a mirror which copies every thing placed in front of it without being conscious of their existence. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The painting has a life of its own. I try to let it come through. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	The path never reached it, though it always seemed to be about to. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	The pen is mightier than the sword if the sword is very short, and the pen is very sharp. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	The people I love, I'm committed to loving for the rest of my life. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	The people of Winter, who always live in the Year One, feel that progress is less important than presence. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The people who make art their business are mostly imposters. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	The person who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another's keeping . -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	The philosophic aim of education must be to get each one out of his isolated class and into the one humanity. Prudence and responsibility are not middle-class virtues but human virtues. -- Paul Goodman
creative	sfw	The poet ranks far below the painter in the representation of visible things, and far below the musician in that of invisible things. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The political core of any movement for freedom in the society has to have the political imperative to protect free speech. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	The politics of the flesh are the roots of power. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The position of the artist if humble. He is essentially a channel. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	The positive and negative states of being bring about action. They cause the loss of balance and of happiness. They cause the eternal revolutions - the changes that follow one upon the other. They explain why happiness cannot be achieved in time. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	The power of the harasser, the abuser, the rapist depends above all on the silence of women. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The premise is: everybody's like me and we all think alike. The corollary is: people who don't think like me don't matter. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader and the Imagination
creative	sfw	The prisoner is the jailer's jailer. Ursula K. Le Guin, Rocannon's World
creative	sfw	The problem with copyright enforcement is that when the parameters aren't incredibly well defined, it means big corporations, who have deeper pockets and better lawyers, can bully people. -- Shepard Fairey
creative	sfw	The problem with the Internet is that it gives you everything - reliable material and crazy material. So the problem becomes, how do you discriminate? -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	The propagandist's purpose is to make one set of people forget that certain other sets of people are human. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The propagandist's purpose is to make one set of people forget that certain other sets of people are human. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The proper study of mankind is books. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The proper study of mankind is books. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The public is in need of experiences that are not just voyeuristic. Our society is in a mess of losing its spiritual centre. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	The quality and virtue of a slave is invisibility. The powerless need to be invisible even to themselves. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	The quality of moral behavior varies in inverse ratio to the number of human beings involved. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The quality of moral behavior varies in inverse ratio to the number of human beings involved. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The question of manuscript changes is very important for literary criticism, the psychology of creation and other aspects of the study of literature. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	The quickest way of ending a war is to lose it. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	The real hero is always a hero by mistake; he dreams of being an honest coward like everybody else. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	The really terrible thing about being young is the triviality Ursula K. Le Guin, Very Far Away from Anywhere Else
creative	sfw	The reason literacy is important is that literature is the operating instructions. The best manual we have. The most useful guide to the country we're visiting, life. -- Ursula K Le Guin
creative	sfw	The reason why bookstores are going out of business in the States is that people just can't focus on longer narratives now - even narrative film is in crisis in many ways, unless it's an adventure film. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	The regret of my life is that I have not said 'I love you' often enough. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	The revolution is in the individual spirit, or it is nowhere. It is for all or it is nothing. If it is seen as having any end, it will never truly begin. We can't stop here. We must go on. We must take the risks. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	The rhythm of relations of color and size makes the absolute appear in the relativity of time and space. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	The road goes upward towards the light; but the laden traveler may never reach the end of it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	The room smelled of books, that subtle smell which to some is stuffy and to others intoxicating, and it was silent. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	The royal road to a man's heart is to talk to him about the things he treasures most. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The secret of my influence has always been that it remained secret. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	The seed is a household object but at the same time it is a revolutionary symbol. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	The senses are of the earth, the reason stands apart from them in contemplation. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The short story is still like the novel's wayward younger brother, we know that it's not respectable - but I think that can also add to the glory of it. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	The simplest schoolboy is now familiar with truths for which Archimedes would have sacrificed his life. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	The simplest way to make sure that we raise literate children is to teach them to read, and to show them that reading is a pleasurable activity. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	The sky is always there for me, while my life has been going through many, many changes. When I look up the sky, it gives me a nice feeling, like looking at an old friend. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	The sleeper dreamed. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	The sleeper turns his back on everyone. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The smallest feline is a masterpiece. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	The social function of narrative is not limited to 'primitive' people sitting around the fire telling each other where Fire came from and why they're sitting around it. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The spirit desires to remain with its body, because, without the organic instruments of that body, it can neither act, nor feel anything. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The spiritual (i.e. the supersensory) has many degrees; thus, the term 'spiritual' is used both for the scale of degrees away from the physical towards the spirit, but also only for the spiritual proper. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	The story is not in the plot but in the telling. Ursula K. LeGuin
creative	sfw	The story is the way the story is told. Adams Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination
creative	sfw	The story is the way the story is told. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination
creative	sfw	The strangeness will wear off and I think we will discover the deeper meanings in modern art. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	The strength of Shevek's personality, unchecked by any self-consciousness or consideration of self-defense, was formidable. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	The subjectivization of the universal in art brings the universal downward on one hand, while on the other it helps raise the individual toward the universal. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	The sun itself was hidden, but there was a glitter on the horizon, almost like the dazzle of the crystal walls of the Undertomb, a kind of joyous shimmering off on the edge of the world. "What is that?' the girl said, and he: "The sea. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	The sunlights differ, but there is only one darkness. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	The thing about working with time, instead of against it, he thought, is that it is not wasted. Even pain counts. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	The thing about working with time, instead of against it, he thought, is that it is not wasted. Even pain counts. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	The thing that I fear discriminating against is humor and truth. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	The thing that would most improve my life is 27 hours in a day. I could meet all my deadlines. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	The tongue they speak there is not like any spoken in the Archipelago or the other Reaches, and they are a savage people, white-skinned, yellow-haired, and fierce, liking the sight of blood and the smell of burning towns. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	The traitor, the self; the self that cries I want to live; let the world burn so long as I can live! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	The trick to forgetting the big picture is to look at everything close-up. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	The trouble is, women have to be absolutely first class to get where third-class men get. Ursula K. Le Guin, Very Far Away from Anywhere Else
creative	sfw	The trouble with a kitten is that eventually it becomes a cat. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	The truth is that as a man's real power grows and his knowledge widens, ever the way he can follow grows narrower: until at last he chooses nothing but does only and wholly what he must do. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	The truth may be out there, but lies are inside your head. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	The truth of things is the chief nutriment of superior intellects. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	The unconscious mind is coextensive with the universe. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	The unexpected is what makes life possible, he said. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The unexpected is what makes life possible. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The universe as a giant harpstring, oscillating in and out of existence! What note does it play, by the way? Passages from the Numerical Harmonies, I supposed? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	The universe, when you leave it alone, is going to be beautiful. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	The unknown, said Faxes soft voice in the forest, the unforetold, the unproven, that is what life is based on. Ignorance is the ground of thought. Unproof is the ground of action. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The unknown, the unforetold, the unproven, that is what life is based on. Ignorance is the ground of thought. Unproof is the ground of action. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	The unknown...the unforetold, the unproven, that is what life is based on. Ignorance is the ground of thought...The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	The unread story is not a story; it is little black marks on wood pulp. The reader, reading it, makes it live: a live thing, a story. Ursula K. Le Guin, Dancing at the Edge of the World: Thoughts on Words, Women, Places
creative	sfw	The usage the creator spirit gives its vessels is rough, it wears them out, discards them, gets a new model. Ursula K. Le Guinla
creative	sfw	The use of criticism, in periodical writing, is to sift, not to stamp a work. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	The use of imaginative fiction is to deepen your understanding of your world, and your fellow men, and your own feelings, and your destiny. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction
creative	sfw	The vast majority of human beings dislike and even actually dread all notions with which they are not familiar... Hence it comes about that at their first appearance innovators have generally been persecuted, and always derided as fools and madmen. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The vast majority of human beings dislike and even actually dread all notions with which they are not familiar... Hence it comes about that at their first appearance innovators have generally been persecuted, and always derided as fools and madmen. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The very concept of objective truth is fading out of the world. Lies will pass into history. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	The way I make art - the way a lot of people make art - is as an extension of language and communication, where references are incredibly important. -- Shepard Fairey
creative	sfw	The way that can be gone is not the eternal Way.... His Ursula K. Le Guin, City Of Illusions
creative	sfw	The way to see how beautiful the earth is, is to see it as the moon. The way to see how beautiful the life is, is from the vantage point of death. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	The whole world is starting to realize that it was the most unwise thing for our society to have ignored women power, to run the society with male priorities. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	The wise needn't ask, the fool asks in vain. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	The working-class black Southern Christian culture I come from still nurtures me, and I mean directly, daily. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	The world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	The world doesn't need an artist who shows reality as it is. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	The world is always new, said Coro Mena, however old its roots. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
creative	sfw	The world today doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do? -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	The worst enemy of life, freedom and the common decencies is total anarchy; their second worst enemy is total efficiency. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The worst enemy of life, freedom and the common decencies is total anarchy; their second worst enemy is total efficiency. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	The writing of fiction is endlessly surprising to the writer. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	Theater is something that as a performance artist you have to hate. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Then Ged pitied her. She was like a white deer caged, like a white bird wing-clipped, like a silver ring in an old man's finger. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Then I saw . . . you see . . . I saw that you can't do anything for anybody. We can't save each other. Or ourselves. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	There are a limited number of plots (some say seven, some say twelve, some say thirty). There is no limit to the number of stories. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
creative	sfw	There are about 30 words around you all the time, like 'thread' or 'exit.' -- Jean-Michel Basquiat
creative	sfw	There are always three speeches, for every one you actually gave. The one you practiced, the one you gave, and the one you wish you gave. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	There are books on our shelves we haven't read and doubtless never will, that each of us has probably put to one side in the belief that we will read them later on, perhaps even in another life. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	There are four Powers: memory and intellect, desire and covetousness. The two first are mental and the others sensual. The three senses: sight, hearing and smell cannot well be prevented; touch and taste not at all. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	There are four ways, and only four ways, in which we have contact with the world. We are evaluated and classified by these four contacts: what we do, how we look, what we say, and how we say it. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	There are men right now who have never learned how to talk to women. How will we talk to somebody really different aliens? Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	There are more books in the world than hours in which to read them. We are thus deeply influenced by books we haven't read, that we haven't had the time to read. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	There are more people than you think who want to have a challenging experience, in which they are obliged to reflect about the past. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	There are no right answers to wrong questions Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	There are only two types of women - goddesses and doormats. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	There are people out there who will not read books, but somehow they'll read my books. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	There are people who are very resourceful, at being remorseful, and who apparently feel that the best way to make friends is to do something terrible and then make amends. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	There are so many moments and works that influence us in what we do. Movies, music, TV and, most importantly, the profound everydayness of our lives. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	There are some days when I think I'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	There are some ideas so wrong that only a very intelligent person could believe in them. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	There are some people who hate my guts. But that goes with the territory. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	There are some women whose pregnancy would make some sly bachelor smile. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	There are souls, he thought, who's umbilicus has never been cut. They never got weaned from the universe. They do not understand death as the enemy; they look forward to rotting and turning into humus. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	There are souls, he thought, whose umbilicus has never been cut. They never got weaned from the universe. They do not understand death as an enemy; they look forward to rotting and turning into humus. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	There are things around, and I know where they can be got quite easily, but I quite like waking up to the sunshine. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	There are three classes of people: those who see, those who see when they are shown, those who do not see. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	There are two kinds of knowledge, local and universal. There are two kinds of time, local and historical. Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
creative	sfw	There are two kinds of knowledge, local and universal. Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
creative	sfw	There are women who can make you feel more with their bodies and their souls, but these are the exact women who will turn the knife into you right in front of the crowd. Of course, I expect this, but the knife still cuts. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	There can be no better grounding for a lifetime as an author than to see humanity in all its various guises through the lens of the reporter for the town. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	There does not exist a painter who knows himself or knows what he is doing. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	There have been great societies that did not use the wheel, but there have been no societies that did not tell stories. ursula le guin
creative	sfw	There have been two great accidents in my life. One was the trolley, and the other was Diego. Diego was by far the worst. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	There is a certain bleakness in finding hope where one expected certainty. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	There is a lushness to how my mind works. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	There is a rumour going around that I have found God. I think this is unlikely because I have enough difficulty finding my keys, and there is empirical evidence that they exist. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	There is a single light of science, and to brighten it anywhere is to brighten it everywhere. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	There is a soak-the-rich attitude in the air, a feeling that if you have a lot of money you must have got it by some ghastly means. I can quite happily say there was never any family money. All the money we got was mine, just from writing books. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	There is an incredible love in creating art unless somebody is saying, 'Hey, let's just make money,' because it doesn't work when you do it that way. If you are aiming for that, forget it. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	There is hardly such a thing as a war in which it makes no difference who wins. Nearly always one side stands more or less for progress, the other side more or less for reaction. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	There is neither source nor end, for all things are in the Center of Time. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	There is no abstract art. You must always start with something. Afterward you can remove all traces of reality. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	There is no break in the wholeness of time. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	There is no great sport in having bullets flying about one in every direction, but I find they have less horror when among them than when in anticipation. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	There is no joy so great as that of reporting that a good play has come to town. -- Brooks Atkinson
creative	sfw	There is no kingdom like the forests. It is time I went there, went in silence, went alone. And maybe there I would learn at last what no act or art or power can teach me, what I have never learned. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	There is no kingdom like the forests. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	There is no more subversive act than the act of writing from a woman's experience of life using a woman's judgment. "Prospects for Women in Writing" 1986 Ursula K. Le Guin, Dancing at the Edge of the World: Thoughts on Words, Women, Places
creative	sfw	There is no object so large but that at a great distance from the eye it does not appear smaller than a smaller object near. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	There is no safety. There is no end. The word must be heard in silence. There must be darkness to see the stars. The dance is always danced above the hollow place, above the terrible abyss. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	There is no substitute for talent. Industry and all its virtues are of no avail. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	There is no substitute for talent. Industry and all its virtues are of no avail. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	There is no such thing as a great talent without great will power. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	There is no such thing as an empty space or an empty time. There is always something to see, something to hear. In fact, try as we may to make a silence, we cannot. -- John Cage
creative	sfw	There is not much you can say about a baby unless you are talking with its father or another mother or nurse; infants are not part of the realm of ordinary language, talk is inadequate to them as they are inadequate to talk. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	There is nothing more difficult to define than an aphorism. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	There is nothing, the Ice says, but Ice. But the young volcano there to northward has another word it thinks of saying. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	There is only one difference between a madman and me. The madman thinks he is sane. I know I am mad. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	There is only one way to achieve happiness on this terrestrial ball, and that is to have either a clear conscience or none at all. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	There is only one way... to get anybody to do anything. And that is by making the other person want to do it. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	There is poetry as soon as we realize that we possess nothing. -- John Cage
creative	sfw	There is something curiously boring about somebody else's happiness. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	There is something curiously boring about somebody else's happiness. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	There is something great and terrible about suicide. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	There is something like an explosion in the meaning of certain words: they have a greater value than their meaning in the dictionary. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	There isn't any formula or method. You learn to love by loving - by paying attention and doing what one thereby discovers has to be done. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	There isn't any formula or method. You learn to love by loving - by paying attention and doing what one thereby discovers has to be done. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	There must be darkness to see the stars. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	There was an incident, in 1912, which 'gave me a turn,' so to speak: when I brought the 'Nude Descending a Staircase' to the Independants, and they asked me to withdraw it before the opening. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	There was once a caustic comment from someone suggesting I was breeding a new race. Fans from different countries have married, amazing things like that. I've been to some of the weddings. I went to one here the other day, a pagan ceremony. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	There was room for them. A great deal of Italy, back then, was forest. Where man goes, trees die; or, to paraphrase Tacitus, we make a desert and call it progress. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	There were actually very few men who could face reality when the going got tough. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	There were people who swore as an art formperforming a dazzling juncture of the inordinate and the unexpected. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	There will always be an underground. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	There will always be something to ruin our lives, it all depends on what or which finds us first. We are always ripe and ready to be taken. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	There's a glorious sense of freedom in comedy, just allowing myself to tell jokes, allowing myself to interrupt myself and tell old African folk stories that I made up - or didn't - and Jamaican stories. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	There's a long life ahead of you and it's going to be beautiful, as long as you keep loving and hugging each other. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	There's a moment of recognition. It's that white-light kind of stuff that just 'works.' I love that. And you know it when it happens, whether it's a movie, music, a building, a book. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	There's a point, around the age of twenty, when you have to choose whether to be like everybody else the rest of your life, or to make a virtue of your peculiarities. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	There's a saying," Aeneas said: "Keep an eye on Greeks when they offer gifts." He spoke wryly. "Horses, particularly. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	There's many women now who think, 'Surely we don't need feminism anymore, we're all liberated and society's accepting us as we are'. Which is just hogwash. It's not true at all. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	There's nothing wrong with me...except acute chronic fear. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	There's obviously nothing wrong with selling your art - only an idiot with a trust fund would tell you otherwise. But it's confusing to know how far you should take it. -- Banksy
creative	sfw	There's one way to make a baby. If you know another, you can do it with somebody else! Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
creative	sfw	There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	There's only one effectively redemptive sacrifice, the sacrifice of self-will to make room for the knowledge of God. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	There's only one effectively redemptive sacrifice, the sacrifice of self-will to make room for the knowledge of God. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Theres a Hainish parable of the Mirror. If the glass is whole, it reflects the whole world, but broken, it shows only fragments, and cuts the hand that holds it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	Theres a point, around age twenty, Bedap said, when you have to choose whether to be like everybody else the rest of your life, or to make a virtue of your peculiarities. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	These days I wonder more and more why people are pessimistic when American history actually supports optimism. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	These two issues combinedour inability to deal with our own numbers and our insistence that we are what matters mostmay well be the finish of us. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	They argued because they liked argument, liked the swift run of the unfettered mind along the paths of possibility, liked to question what was not questioned. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	They can send death at once, but life is slower... Ursula K. Le Guina K. Le Guin, Rocannon's World
creative	sfw	They exist. But they are not your Masters. They never were. You are free, Tenar. You were taught to be a slave, but you have broken free. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	They just came to look, as if she were the Great Tower in Rodarred, or the Canyon of the Tulaevea. A phenomenon, a monument. They were awed, adoring. She snarled at them: Think your own thoughts! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Day Before the Revolution
creative	sfw	They let us be, here, in the cage of our ignorance. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	They made love. Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; re-made all the time, made new. When it was made, they lay in each other's arms, holding love, asleep. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	They move their heads around and flatten out their mouth and nose on the other persons mouth and nose and open their mouths in different ways, and you are supposed to feel sort of hot or wet or something as you watch. Ursula K. Le Guin`
creative	sfw	They ought to put out the eyes of painters as they do goldfinches in order that they can sing better. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	They praised his modesty and did not listen to him, for listening is a rare gift, and men will have their heroes. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Earthsea Trilogy
creative	sfw	They preserved autonomy of conscience even at the cost of becoming eccentric. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	They say a little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but it's not one half so bad as a lot of ignorance. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	They say one gets used to being a millionaire; so after a year or two a human being begins to get used to being a woman. Ursula K. Le Guin, Orsinian Tales
creative	sfw	They say there is nothing new under any sun. But if each life is not new, each single life, then why are we born? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	They tended to be stolid, slovenly, heavy, and to my eyes effeminate - not in the sense of delicacy, etc., but in just the opposite sense: a gross, bland fleshiness, a bovinity without point or edge. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	They think if people can possess enough things they will be content to live in prison. But I will not believe that. I want the walls down. I want solidarity, human solidarity. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	They think if people can possess enough things they will be content to live in prison. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	They thought I was a Surrealist, but I wasn't. I never painted dreams. I painted my own reality. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	They were my age, but wed reached our age by different roads. What Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	They were not victors, he and his kind, not in any way, they were the defeated still, for they had become like their betters. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	They were without shame and without desire, like the angels. But it is not human to be without shame and without desire. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Things are beautiful or ugly only in time and space. The new man's vision being liberated from these two factors, all is unified in one unique beauty. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	Things change and work changes. Right now I like the idea of enveloping a space and getting messages across that connect to the world in ways that seem familiar but are different. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	Things need not have happened to be true. Tales and adventures are the shadow truths that will endure when mere facts are dust and ashes and forgotten. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Things were sort of Bohemian in Montmartre - one lived, one painted, one was a painter - all that doesn't mean anything, fundamentally. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try! -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	This has been going on for two or three millennia. That is an amazingly long time for anything to mean anything to anybody. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	This is a work of fiction. All the characters in it, human and otherwise, are imaginary, excepting only certain of the fairy folk, whom it might be unwise to offend by casting doubts on their existence. Or lack thereof. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	This is morally problematic when personal decision is confused with personal opinion. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	This is part of what I meant about housework. If it isn't important, what is? If it isn't done honorably, where is honor? Ista Ursula K. Le Guin, Voices
creative	sfw	This is the treason of the artist: a refusal to admit the banality of evil and the terrible boredom of pain. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
creative	sfw	This is. And thou art. There is no safety. There is no end. The word must be heard in silence. There must be darkness to see the stars. The dance is always danced above the hollow place, above the terrible abyss. Ursula K. LeGuin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	This nation is notorious for its ability to make or fake anything cheaply. 'Made-in-China' goods now fill homes around the world. But our giant country has a small problem. We can't manufacture the happiness of our people. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	This principle, getting it out of place, off-limits, the basic principle of swearing, I understand and approve. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	This society is driven by neurotic speed and force accelerated by greed and frustration of not being able to live up to the image of men and woman we have created for ourselves; the image has nothing to do with the reality of people. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	This was the way he had to go; he had no choice. He had never had any choice. He was only a dreamer. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	This writing doesn't affect reality any more than any writing does; that is to say, indirectly, but considerably. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
creative	sfw	Those convinced against their will are of the same opinion still. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Those who 'abjure' violence can do so only because others are committing violence on their behalf. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Those who believe that they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Those who believe that they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Those who build walls are their own prisoners. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Those who have been writing literature have not been writing life. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Those who spend too fast never grow rich. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Though bigots have small ears. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	Thought is a key to all treasures; the miser's gains are ours without his cares. Thus I have soared above this world, where my enjoyment have been intellectual joys. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Thought must be divided against itself before it can come to any knowledge of itself. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Thought must be divided against itself before it can come to any knowledge of itself. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Through the very culture of representation through form, we have come to see that the abstract - like the mathematical - is actually expressed in and through all things, although not determinately. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	Thus they both set a fatal trap for the believer: if you believe in God you cant believe in evolution, and vice versa. But this is rather like saying if you believe in Tuesday you cant believe in artichokes. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Thwil Town Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Time abides long enough for those who make use of it. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Time is an illusion. Time only exists when we think about the past and the future. Time doesn't exist in the present here and now. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Time is not duration but intensity; time is the beat and the interval [...] Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
creative	sfw	Time says Let there be every moment and instantly there is space and the radiance of each bright galaxy. And eyes beholding radiance. And the gnats flickering dance. And the seas expanse. And death, and chance. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	To an ordinary human being, love means nothing if it does not mean loving some people more than others. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	To be an atheist is to maintain God. His existence or his non-existence, it amounts to much the same, on the plane of proof. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	To be an atheist is to maintain God. His existence or his nonexistence, it amounts to much the same, on the plane of proof. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	To be reborn one must die, Tenar. It is not so hard as it looks from the other side. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	To be whole is to be part; true voyage is return. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	To be whole is to be part; true voyage is return. Ursula K. LeGuin
creative	sfw	To be, the will to power must increase with each fulfillment, making the fulfillment only a step to a further one. The vaster the power gained, the vaster the appetite for more. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	To believe that our beliefs are permanent truths which encompass reality is a sad ignorance. To let go of that belief is to find safety. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	To break a promise is to deny the reality of the past; therefore it is to deny the hope of a real future. Ursala K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	To break a promise is to deny the reality of the past; therefore it is to deny the hope of a real future. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	To break a rule you have to know the rule. A blunder is not a revolution. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
creative	sfw	To conceive the good, in fact, is not sufficient; it must be made to succeed among men. To accomplish this less pure paths must be followed. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	To control the breathing is to control the mind. With different patterns of breathing, you can fall in love, you can hate someone, you can feel the whole spectrum of feelings just by changing your breathing. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	To copy others is necessary, but to copy oneself is pathetic. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	To create one's world in any of the arts takes courage. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	To deny the past is to deny the future. A man does not make his destiny: he accepts it or denies it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	To deny the past is to deny the future. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	To die is to lose the self and rejoin the rest. He had kept himself, and lost the rest. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	To die is to lose the self and rejoin the rest. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	To do a dull thing with style-now that's what I call art. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	To draw you must close your eyes and sing. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	To enter with heart and mind into the world of the imagination may be to head deliberately and directly toward, or back toward, engagement with the real world. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
creative	sfw	To exhibit the perfect uselessness of knowing the answer to the wrong question. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	To find a new world, maybe you have to have lost one. Maybe you have to be lost. The dance of renewal, the dance that made world, was always danced here at the edge of things, on the brink, on the foggy coast. -- Ursula K Le Guin
creative	sfw	To finish a work? To finish a picture? What nonsense! To finish it means to be through with it, to kill it, to rid it of its soul, to give it its final blow the coup de grace for the painter as well as for the picture. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	To go under a river: theres a strange thing to do, a really weird idea. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	To have a relationship that is pure and passionate and beautiful - I think people are scared of having that now. Especially guys. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	To hear, one must be silent. The Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	To hear, one must be silent. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Earthsea Trilogy
creative	sfw	To him a thinking man's job was not to deny one reality at the expense of the other, but to include and to connect. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	To his dog, every man is Napoleon; hence the constant popularity of dogs. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	To his dog, every man is Napoleon; hence the constant popularity of dogs. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	To insult someone we call him 'bestial. For deliberate cruelty and nature, 'human' might be the greater insult. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	To keep dark the mind of the mage born, that is a dangerous thing. Ursala K. LeGuin
creative	sfw	To keep your marriage brimming, With love in the loving cup, Whenever you're wrong, admit it; Whenever you're right, shut up. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	To kill a relative of whom you are tired is something. But to inherit his property afterwards, that is genuine pleasure. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	To learn a belief without the belief is to sing a song without the tune. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	To learn which questions are unanswerable, and not to answer them: this skill is most needful in times of stress and darkness. Tormenbod Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	To learn which questions are unanswerable, and not to answer them: this skill is most needful in times of stress and darkness. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	To let understanding stop at what cannot be understood is a high attainment. Those who cannot do it will be destroyed on the lathe of heaven. CHUANG TSE : XXIII Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	To let understanding stop at what cannot be understood is a high attainment. Those who cannot do it will be destroyed on the lathe of heaven. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	To light a candle is to cast a shadow . . . Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	To light a candle is to cast a shadow... Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	To live fixated on the future is to engage in psychological denial. It is a form of psychic violence that prepares us to accept the violence needed to ensure the maintenance of imperialist, future-oriented society. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	To make a thief, make an owner; to create crime, create laws. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	To make oneself hated is more difficult than to make oneself loved. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	To make something well is to give yourself to it, to seek wholeness, to follow spirit. To learn to make something well can take your whole life. Its worth it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
creative	sfw	To me, a painter, if not the most useful, is the least harmful member of our society. -- Man Ray
creative	sfw	To me, the concept of distance is not important. Distance doesn't exist, in fact, and neither does time. Vibrations from love or music can be felt everywhere, at all times. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	To merely observe your culture without contributing to it seems very close to existing as a ghost. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	To move the picture into our surroundings and give it real existence has been my ideal since I came to abstract painting. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	To nie bro ani kobieta stwarza mczyzn, nawet nie magia czy moc. Jedynie on sam moe tego dokona. Ursula K. LeGuin
creative	sfw	To not to have entirely wasted one's life seems to be a worthy accomplishment, if only for myself. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	To oppose something is to maintain it. They Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	To oppose something is to maintain it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	To oppose something is to maintain it... You must go somewhere else; you must have another goal; then you walk a different road. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	To paint is the most terrific thing that there is, but to do it well is very difficult. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	sfw	To protect the right of expression is the central part of an artist's activity... In China many essential rights are lacking, and I wanted to remind people of this. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	To read a paper book is another experience: you can do it on a ship, on the branch of a tree, on your bed, even if there is a blackout. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	To really change the way society thinks, you have to give your entire being to it until there's nothing left. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	To see a candle's light one must take it into a dark place. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	To see a candles light, one must take it into a dark place. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	To see that your life is a story while you're in the middle of living it may be a help to living it well. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
creative	sfw	To surrender to ignorance and call it God has always been premature, and it remains premature today. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	To survive it is often necessary to fight and to fight you have to dirty yourself. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	To the media, I have become a symbolic figure, critical of China. According to the government, I am a dangerous threat. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	To think that realistic fiction is by definition superior to imaginative fiction is to think imitation is superior to invention. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader and the Imagination
creative	sfw	To those who have exhausted politics, nothing remains but abstract thought. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	To use the enemy's weapon is to play the enemy's game...speak the truth and hear the truth. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	To walk through the ruined cities of Germany is to feel an actual doubt about the continuity of civilization. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	To work in architecture you are so much involved with society, with politics, with bureaucrats. It's a very complicated process to do large projects. You start to see the society, how it functions, how it works. Then you have a lot of criticism about how it works. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	Today a reader, tomorrow a leader. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	Today is life-the only life you are sure of. Make the most of today. Get interested in something. Shake yourself awake. Develop a hobby. Let the winds of enthusiasm sweep through you. Live today with gusto. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Today painters do not have to go to a subject matter outside of themselves. Most modern painters work from a different source. They work from within. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you! -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Today, our attention is less than the television advertisement. We're looking at six or seven problems constantly. We're living in the disturbed societies of cities. I think modern technology is one of the worst things human beings have invented. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Today, political events are nullified unless they're on TV. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Tolkien is eminently filmable, I think. 'The Lord of the Rings' is intensely... landscaped. But 'Discworld' is about dialogue, which is one reason why it might be hard to film. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Too clever is dumb. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Towns find it as hard as houses of business to rise again from ruin. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Tradition is the great misleader because it's too easy to follow what has already been done - even though you may think you're giving it a kick. I was really trying to invent, instead of merely expressing myself. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Translation is the art of failure. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	True Boogie-Woogie I conceive as homogeneous in intention with mine in painting: destruction of melody, which is the equivalent of destruction of natural appearance, and construction through the continuous opposition of pure means - dynamic rhythm. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	True artists are prophets. I don't want to be that prophetic in that sense because it's so lonely. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	True love is eternal, infinite, and always like itself. It is equal and pure, without violent demonstrations: it is seen with white hairs and is always young in the heart. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	True voyage is return. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Truth is a matter of the imagination. The soundest fact may fail or prevail in the style of its telling: Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Truth is a matter of the imagination. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Truthfully, without over-egging it, as I often do, the library and journalism, those things made me who I am. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Turn soft and lovely anytime you have the chance. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Twitter was like a poem. It was rich, real and spontaneous. It really fit my style. In a year and a half, I tweeted 60,000 tweets, over 100,000 words. I spent a minimum eight hours a day on it, sometimes 24 hours. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	Two persons love in one another the future good which they aid one another to unfold. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	Ultimately you write alone. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
creative	sfw	Um amor profundo entre duas pessoas envolve, afinal, o poder e a oportunidade de causar mgoa profunda. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Under his feet he felt the hillroots going down and down into the dark, and over his head he saw the dry, far fires of the stars. Between, all things were his to order, to command. He stood at the center of the world. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Undernourished, intelligence becomes like the bloated belly of a starving child: swollen, filled with nothing the body can use. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	Unintelligent persons are like weeds that thrive in good ground; they love to be amused in proportion to the degree in which they weary themselves. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Unless physical action reflects psychic action, unless the deeds express the person, I get very bored with adventure stories; often it seems that the more action there is, the less happens. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Found and the Lost: The Collected Novellas of Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Until the legacy of remembered and reenacted trauma is taken seriously, black America cannot heal. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Up here on the Ice each of us is singular, isolate, I as cut off from those like me, from my society, and its rules, as he from his. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Ursula K. Le Guin urges authors to remember why they do what they do. Her argument is that writing is an form of art rather than a commodity. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Using pseudonyms was such a part of the early feminist movement. We didn't want to have this star system. We wanted attention on the ideas, not the persona of the writer. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Varln pnarlar, hayattan daha derindir, lmden de... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Ve sonra, eer bana ihtiyacn olursa, beni ar. Gelirim. Beni arrsan, mezarmdan bile kar gelirim Tenar ! Ama seninle kalamam. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	Verbs allow you to communicate a story in a much more converged or involuntary way for a reader. The verbs allow you to come in under the radar, below people's defenses. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Vermediiniz eyi alamazsnz, kendinizi vermeniz gerekir. Devrim'i satn alamazsnz. Devrim'i yapamazsnz. Devrim olabilirsiniz ancak. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Very early, I knew that the only object in life was to grow. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	Virtue, perhaps, is nothing more than politeness of soul. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Vocations which we wanted to pursue, but didn't, bleed, like colors, on the whole of our existence. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Voyeurism is a director's job description. It's an artist's, too. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	Vrlden r vldig och frunderlig,..., men den r inte vldigare eller mer frunderlig n vrt medvetande. (s. 65) Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
creative	sfw	WHAT A SHOCK WHEN THEY TELL YOU IT WON'T HURT AND YOU ALMOST TURN INSIDE OUT WHEN THEY BEGIN. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	WHEN YOU'RE TRYING SOMETHING NEW, YOU'RE TORN BETWEEN ANTICIPATING A DELIGHTFUL SURPRISE AND THINKING YOU'RE A FOOL TO IGNORE WHAT YOU KNOW YOU LIKE. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	WITH BLEEDING INSIDE THE HEAD THERE IS A METALLIC TASTE AT THE BACK OF THE THROAT. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	War against a foreign country only happens when the moneyed classes think they are going to profit from it. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	War is a way of shattering to pieces... materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable and... too intelligent. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	War is evil, but it is often the lesser evil. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	War is over if you want it. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	War is war. The only good human being is a dead one. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Ward: Which would you rather have, a National Book Award or a Hugo? Le Guin: Oh, a Nobel, of course. Ward: They don't give Nobel Awards in fantasy. Le Guin: Maybe I can do something for peace. -- Ursula K Le Guin
creative	sfw	Warhol's images made sense to me, although I knew nothing at the time of his background in commercial art. To be honest, I didn't think about him a hell of a lot. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	Wars have never hurt anybody except the people who die. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	Was he leaving home, or going home? Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	Wasnt it immoral to do work you didnt enjoy? The work needed doing but a lot of people didnt care what they were posted to and changed jobs all the time; they should have volunteered. Any fool could do this work. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	Wasnt it immoral to do work you didnt enjoy? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	Water is the driving force of all nature. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	We all do harm by being. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
creative	sfw	We all have forests in our minds. Forests unexplored, unending. Each of us gets lost in the forest, every night, alone. Hidden Ursula K. Le Guin, The Found and the Lost: The Collected Novellas of Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	We all have forests in our minds. Forests unexplored, unending. Each of us gets lost in the forest, every night, alone. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Found and the Lost: The Collected Novellas of Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	We all have forests on our minds. Forests unexplored, unending. Each one of us gets lost in the forest, every night, alone. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters
creative	sfw	We all have possibilities we don't know about. We can do things we don't even dream we can do. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	We all know that Art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth, at least the truth that is given to us to understand. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	We all not only could know everything. We do. We just tell ourselves we don't to make it all bearable. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	We always project into the future or reflect in the past, but we are so little in the present. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	We are a pluralist civilisation because we allow mosques to be built in our countries, and we are not going to stop simply because Christian missionaries are thrown into prison in Kabul. If we did so, we, too, would become Taliban. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	We are actually living in a million parallel realities every single minute. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	We are all dead, and we spoiled the world before we died. There is nothing left. Nothing but dreams. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	We are all dreamers creating the next world, the next beautiful world for ourselves and for our children. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	We are all geniuses up to the age of ten. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	We are all geniuses up to the age of ten. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	We are all hungry and thirsty for concrete images. Abstract art will have been good for one thing: to restore its exact virginity to figurative art. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	We are here to unlearn the teachings of the church, state, and our education system. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	We are involved in a life that passes understanding and our highest business is our daily life. -- John Cage
creative	sfw	We are never racist against somebody who is very far away. I don't know any racism against the Eskimos. To have a racist feeling, there must be an other who is slightly different from us - but is living close to us. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	We are not seeking power. We are seeking the end of power! ... The means are the end. ... Only peace brings peace, only just acts bring justice! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	We are not special. We are not crap or trash, either. We just are. We just are, and what happens just happens. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	We are used to cleaning the outside house, but the most important house to clean is yourself - your own house - which we never do. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	We are volcanoes. When we women offer our experience as our truth, as human truth, all the maps change. There are new mountains. Ursula K. LeGuinn
creative	sfw	We artists have the dignity to tell the truth to the people, unlike politicians. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	We broke the world to make it whole... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
creative	sfw	We can't prevent suffering. This pain and that pain, yes, but not Pain. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	We can't restructure our society without restructuring the English language. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	We carry our homes within us which enables us to fly. -- John Cage
creative	sfw	We cried Sisterhood is powerful!and they believed us. Terrified misogynists of both sexes were howling that the house was burning down before most feminists found out where the matches were. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	We decided that it was no good asking what is the meaning of life, because life isn't an answer, life is the question, and you, yourself, are the answer. -- Ursula K Le Guin
creative	sfw	We demand a rebellious spirit of those who have no chance to learn that rebellion is possible, but we the privileged hold still and see no evil. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination
creative	sfw	We don't grow older, we grow riper. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	We don't live by just sleeping and eating. We need pride and dignity in our lives. Work gives you that. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	We don't see a lot of models for male social interaction. There's sports and barn raisings. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	We dont count relatives much; we are all relatives, you see. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	We exaggerate misfortune and happiness alike. We are never as bad off or as happy as we say we are. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	We have a limit, a very discouraging, humiliating limit: death. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	We have been so successful in the past century at the art of living longer and staying alive that we have forgotten how to die. Too often we learn the hard way. As soon as the baby boomers pass pensionable age, their lesson will be harsher still. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	We have wasted History like a bunch of drunks shooting dice back in the men's crapper of the local bar. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	We invented the car, and it made it easier for us to crash and die. If I gave a car to my grandfather, he would die in five minutes, while I have grown up slowly to accept speed. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	We judge on the basis of what somebody looks like, skin color, whether we think they're beautiful or not. That space on the Internet allows you to converse with somebody with none of those things involved. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	We know that our cells are speaking to each other. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	We like lists because we don't want to die. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	We like to think we live in daylight, but half the world is always dark, and fantasy, like poetry, speaks the language of the night. Ursula Le Guin
creative	sfw	We live in an age when the traditional great subjects - the human form, the landscape, even newer traditions such as abstract expressionism - are daily devalued by commercial art. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	We live in capitalism. Its power seems inescapable. So did the divine right of kings. Any human power can be resisted and changed by human beings. Resistance and change often begin in art, and very often in our art, the art of words. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	We live in capitalism. Its power seems inescapable. So did the divine right of kings. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	We live too long for one marriage. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	We make sense of the world intentionally. Faced with chaos, we seek or make the familiar, and build up the world with it. Babies do it, we all do it; we filter out most of what our senses report. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
creative	sfw	We make such terrible mistakes with visual choices about beauty. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	We may find in the long run that tinned food is a deadlier weapon than the machine-gun. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	We men dream dreams, we work magic, we do good, we do evil. The dragons do not dream. They are dreams. They do not work magic: it is their substance, their being. They do not do; they are. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	We must always remember that the Chinese revolution was not a peasant's revolution, but one of the extreme Right. -- Salvador Dali
creative	sfw	We must look not to the negative (the misery, the bestial in life), although we undergo it and sympathize with it, but rather to the burgeoning life around us, which is strengthened by the negative. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	We must not discriminate between things. Where things are concerned there are no class distinctions. We must pick out what is good for us where we can find it. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	We need not destroy the past. It is gone. -- John Cage
creative	sfw	We need to hear the excuses men make to themselves for their worthlessness. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	We need words to name and designate things. But we have only a static language with which to express ourselves. -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	We need writers who know the difference between the production of a commodity and the practice of an art. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	We of the sinking middle class may sink without further struggles into the working class where we belong, and probably when we get there it will not be so dreadful as we feared, for, after all, we have nothing to lose. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	We read books to find out who we are. What other people, real or imaginary, do and think and feel is an essential guide to our understanding of what we ourselves are and may become Ursula Le Guin
creative	sfw	We read books to find out who we are. What other people, real or imaginary, do and think and feel is an essential guide to our understanding of what we ourselves are and may become. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	We read books to find out who we are. What other people, real or imaginary, do and think and feel... is an essential guide to our understanding of what we ourselves are and may become. Ursula K. LeGuin
creative	sfw	We scarcely know how much of our pleasure and interest in life comes to us through our eyes until we have to do without them; and part of that pleasure is that the eyes can choose where to look. But the ears can't choose where to listen. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
creative	sfw	We shape each other to be human. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
creative	sfw	We sleep safe in our beds because rough men stand ready in the night to visit violence on those who would do us harm. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	We strike a medium, and he shivers in his bag, while I swelter in mine, but considering from what distances we have come together, we do well enough. Ursula Le Guin - Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	We tried mindspeech again. I had never before sent repeatedly to a total non-receiver. The experience was disagreeable. I began to feel like an atheist praying. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	We werent cruel, we were ignorant, foolish. Children are ignorant and foolish. But they learn. If they are given a chance to learn. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination
creative	sfw	We who live by writing and publishing wantand should demandour fair share of the proceeds. But the name of our beautiful reward is not profit. Its name is freedom. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	We're all going to die, all of us; what a circus! That alone should make us love each other, but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities. We are eaten up by nothing. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	We're each of us alone, to be sure. What can you do but hold your hand out in the dark? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters, Volume 1
creative	sfw	We're growing up together, the human race. And we've discovered a lot of things that we didn't know. We're finding our way. Instead of thinking about doomsday all the time, think about how beautiful the world is. We're all together, and together we're getting wiser. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	We're making the same mistakes we made 1,000 years ago. So they must be the right ones. So relax. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	We're not outside the world... We are the world. We're its language. So we live and it lives. You see? If we don't say the words, what is their in our world? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
creative	sfw	We're prisoners, so freedom is a thing we study. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Wealth, status, pride, are their own ruin. To do good, work well, and lie low is the way of the blessing. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tao Te Ching: A Book about the Way and the Power of the Way
creative	sfw	Weight, force and casual impulse, together with resistance, are the four external powers in which all the visible actions of mortals have their being and their end. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Were a rough people, born of oak, as they say, here in the western land; tempers run high, weapons are always at hand. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Weve outgrown the kind of barbarism that used to bring war into the heart of the high civilizations! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	What I'd love to do is every now and then go, 'Oh my God, I've got this amazing idea for 'Doctor Who.' -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	What a comfort the past is," Mimen said, "when the future offers none. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	What am I? Do I know? I am a man: quite simply, a 'breather.' -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	What are we so afraid of? Why don't we let 'em tell us we're afraid? What is it they're afraid of?" She picked up the stocking she had been darning, turned it in her hands, was silent awhile; finally she said, "What are they afraid of us for? Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
creative	sfw	What art is, in reality, is this missing link, not the links which exist. It's not what you see that is art; art is the gap. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	What books didnt influence me? If only someone would ask that! Ive been waiting for years to answer it. Atlas Shrugged, by Ayn Rand, I will say, had absolutely no influence on me except to cause hours of incredulous boredom. Ursula LeGuin
creative	sfw	What can you do against the lunatic who is more intelligent than yourself, who gives your arguments a fair hearing and then simply persists in his lunacy? -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	What did they want her back for? Her husbands honor demanded it. I should think his honor demanded that he divorce her and find himself a decent wife. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	What does culture want? To make infinity comprehensible. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	What good is power when you're too wise to use it? Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	What good seeking the safe course, on a journey such as this? There are senseless courses, which I shall not take; but there is no safe one. Streth Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	What had begun as a movement to free all black people from racist oppression became a movement with its primary goal the establishment of black male patriarchy. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	What happens to a man who just won't cooperate?" "Well, he moves on. The others get tired of him, you know. They make fun of him, or they get rough with him, beat him up . . . Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	What is a child, monsieur, but the image of two beings, the fruit of two sentiments spontaneously blended? ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	What is a face, really? Its own photo? Its make-up? Or is it a face as painted by such or such painter? That which is in front? Inside? Behind? And the rest? Doesn't everyone look at himself in his own particular way? Deformations simply do not exist. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	What is absurd and monstrous about war is that men who have no personal quarrel should be trained to murder one another in cold blood. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	What is absurd and monstrous about war is that men who have no personal quarrel should be trained to murder one another in cold blood. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	What is an anarchist? One who, choosing, accepts the responsibility of choice Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	What is an anarchist? One who, choosing, accepts the responsibility of choice. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	What is art? Nature concentrated. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	What is evil?" asked the younger man. The round web, with its black center, seemed to watch them both. "A web we men weave." Ged answered. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	What is hard is to keep alive on a world you don't belong to. Ursula K. Le Guin, Planet of Exile
creative	sfw	What is life without incompatible realities? Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	What is love of ones country; is it hate of ones uncountry? Then its not a good thing. Is it simply self-love? Thats a good thing, but one mustnt make a virtue of it, or a profession... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	What is more arrogant than honesty? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	What is normal? Normal was yesterday. If you lose a leg, one day you're hopping around on one leg, so you know the difference. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	What is the Meaning of this book, this event in the book, this story... ? Tell me what it Means. But thats not my job, honey. Thats your job. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	What is the sense of giving a boundary to all that, of giving it a name and ceasing to love where the name ceases to apply? What is love of one's country; is it hate of one's uncountry? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	What is the sense of giving a boundary to all... of giving it a name and ceasing to love where the name ceases to apply? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	What is true is sacred. What has been suffered. What is beautiful. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	What makes the production of my work so expensive? The whole installation thing - the construction, the objects, the technology. It really adds up. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	What matters most about a word is that is says what we need a word for. Ursula K. Le Guin, Hainish Novels & Stories, Vol. 1: Rocannons World / Planet of Exile / City of Illusions / The Left Hand of Darkness / The Dispossessed / Stories
creative	sfw	What my character is or how many jails I have lounged in, or wards or walls or wassails, how many lonely-heart poetry readings I have dodged, is beside the point. A man's soul or lack of it will be evident with what he can carve upon a white sheet of paper. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy? Ursula K. LeGuin
creative	sfw	What she needs, at least one thing she needs, is companionship. After all why should she eat? Who needs her to be alive? What we call psychosis is sometimes simply realism. But human beings can't live on realism alone. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	What the Beatles did was something incredible, it was more than what a band could do. We have to give them respect. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	What to make of a diminished thing? Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	What was and what may be lie, like children whose faces we cannot see, in the arms of silence. All we have is here, now. Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home
creative	sfw	What we call 'evil' is produced by civilization, its constraints and repressions, deforming the spontaneous, free self-expression of the personality. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	What we do really affects the world. Most of us think we can't do anything, but it really isn't true. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	What we don't understand we can make mean anything. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	What we feel and think and are is to a great extent determined by the state of our ductless glands and viscera. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	What we feel and think and are is to a great extent determined by the state of our ductless glands and viscera. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	What will the creature made all of sea-drift do on the dry sand of daylight; what will the mind do, each morning, waking? His Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	What will the creature made all of seadrift do on the dry sand of daylight; what will the mind do, each morning, waking? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	What with making their way and enjoying what they have won, heroes have no time to think. But the sons of heroes - ah, they have all the necessary leisure. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	What with making their way and enjoying what they have won, heroes have no time to think. But the sons of heroes - ah, they have all the necessary leisure. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	What would I do with money? I have enough for my needs. I don't want any more. If I had a lot, I would have to care for it, worry about it. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	What you love, you will love. What you undertake you will complete. You are a fulfiller of hope; you are to be relied on. But seventeen years give little armor against despairConsider, Arren. To refuse death is to refuse life. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	What you wrote above the nightingale is so interesting, Mr. Keats, please tell us more. Ursula K. Le Guin, Ursula K. Le Guin: Conversations on Writing
creative	sfw	What's great about this country is that America started the tradition where the richest consumers buy essentially the same things as the poorest. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	What's really sad is that so many young women between the ages of 16 and 25 are ignorant and they already believe that women get the same pay as men. They don't even really understand that equality hasn't happened with the pay force. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	What's wrong with pleasure, Takver? why don't you want it?" "Nothing's wrong with it. And I do want it. Only I don't need it. And if I take what I don't need, I'll never get to what I do need. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Whatever is funny is subversive, every joke is ultimately a custard pie... a dirty joke is a sort of mental rebellion. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	When I am in my painting, I'm not aware of what I'm doing. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	When I die, it will be a shipwreck, and as when a huge ship sinks, many people all around will be sucked down with it. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	When I got my first television set, I stopped caring so much about having close relationships. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	When I got pregnant, I had to concentrate on being pregnant for a whole nine months, even though I knew it was ruining my career at the time. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	When I put a bicycle wheel on a stool, the fork down, there was no idea of a 'ready-made' or anything else. It was just a distraction. I didn't have any special reason to do it, or any intention of showing it or describing anything. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	When I read about the way in which library funds are being cut and cut, I can only think that American society has found one more way to destroy itself. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	When I say artist I mean the man who is building things - creating molding the earth - whether it be the plains of the west - or the iron ore of Penn. It's all a big game of construction - some with a brush - some with a shovel - some choose a pen. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	When I say that basically writing is a hard hustle, I don't mean that it is a bad life, if one can get away with it. It's the miracle of miracles to make a living by the typer. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	When I speak out against the guns or against the big corporations, some of my friends say, 'Oh Yoko, be careful. These people have all the power.' But, you know, most people don't speak out because they are frightened. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	When I started out, there were a lot of things I knew I couldn't do, and a lot of things I only found out I couldn't do by going and doing it. And no-one was watching, and nobody cared. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	When I think about how I want to reach an audience, I just wanted to make pieces that were inspired by something that gave me so much pleasure. -- Shepard Fairey
creative	sfw	When I turned 60, it didn't bother me at all. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	When I was 7, my proudest possession would have been my bookshelf 'cause I had alphabetized all of the books on my bookshelf. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	When I was a child, my mother said to me, 'If you become a soldier, you'll be a general. If you become a monk, you'll end up as the Pope.' Instead, I became a painter and wound up as Picasso. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	When I was a kid, I read the science-fiction shelves, and I read the fantasy shelves. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	When I was four years old, my mother put me into a school for early music education where you get perfect pitch and harmony and composition. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	When I was young, I was reading anything and anything I could lay my hands on. I was a veracious-to-the-point-of-insane reader. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	When I went from being an academic to being a member of the community of writers some of my former colleagues did look on me with a certain resentment. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	When I write, when I'm going hot, I don't want to write more than four hours in a row. After that, you're pushing it. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	When I'm painting, I'm not aware of what I'm doing. It's only after a get acquainted period that I see what I've been about. I've no fears about making changes for the painting has a life of its own. -- Jackson Pollock
creative	sfw	When I'm writing I don't dream much; it's like the dreaming gets used in the writing. Ursula K. LeGuin
creative	sfw	When Lady Gaga says I am her inspiration, you reach kids between 12 and 18. Now I am like a brand - jeans, Coca-Cola. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	When Orientals are attacked, they don't hit back. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	When Religion and Royalty are swept away, the people will attack the great, and after the great, they will fall upon the rich. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	When action grows unprofitable, gather information; when information grows unprofitable, sleep. Ursula K. LeGuin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	When all ways are lost the way is clear. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	When at last I learned forgetting, I learned it very quickly and all too well. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	When at last we are sure, You've been properly pilled, Then a few paper forms, Must be properly filled. So that you and your heirs, May be properly billed. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	When cubism began to take a social form, Metzinger was especially talked about. He explained cubism, while Picasso never explained anything. It took a few years to see that not talking was better than talking too much. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but creatures of emotion. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	When did the future switch from being a promise to a threat? -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	When everything works best, it's not because you chose writing but because writing chose you. It's when you're mad with it, it's when it's stuffed in your ears, your nostrils, under your fingernails. It's when there's no hope but that. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	When fate hands you a lemon, make lemonade. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	When he found that the administrators were upset, he laughed. Do they expect students not to be anarchists? he said. What else can the young be? When you are on the bottom, you must organize from the bottom up Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	When in the Land of Property think like a propertarian. Dress like one, eat like one, act like one, be one. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	When it comes to the pinch, human beings are heroic. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	When law becomes despotic, morals are relaxed, and vice versa. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	When men stop believing in God, it isn't that they then believe in nothing: they believe in everything. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	When my daughter was young, she thought all electronic signs were mine. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	When one starts writing a book, especially a novel, even the humblest person in the world hopes to become Homer. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	When people ask me what the most important thing is in life, I answer: 'Just breathe.' -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	When people ask me where I am from I never say, 'Serbia.' I always say, 'I come from a country that no longer exists.' -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	When people complain of life, it is almost always because they have asked impossible things of it. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	When people don't understand my work, I don't feel like explaining. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	When someone has to intervene to defend the liberty of the press, that society is sick. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	When the poet is in love, he is incapable of writing poetry on love. He has to write when he remembers that he was in love. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	When the vision of the 'Nude' flashed upon me, I knew that it would break forever the enslaving chains of Naturalism. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	When theres no social pressure behind it, respectful behavior becomes a decision, an individual choice. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	When we drop fear, we can draw nearer to people, we can draw nearer to the earth, we can draw nearer to all the heavenly creatures that surround us. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	When we separate music from life we get art. -- John Cage
creative	sfw	When we're done with it, we may findif it's a good novelthat we're a bit different from what we were before we read it, that we have been changed a little, as if by having meet a new face, crossed a street we've never crossed before. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes; when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not even our virtues. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	When you are suffering, you become more understanding about yourself, but also about other people's sufferings too. That's the first step to understand somebody is to understand their sufferings. So then love follows. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	When you are totally depressed, you should try giggling. Just make yourself laugh. Force yourself to laugh. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	When you go through a negative situation, don't think about it. Make it positive. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	When you go to war, both sides lose totally. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	When you have a nonverbal conversation with a total stranger, then he can't cover himself with words, he can't create a wall. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	When you have nothing to pray for, thats when Luck hears you. If Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	When you have strict censorship of the internet, young students cannot receive a full education. Their view of the world is imbalanced. There can be no true discussion of the issues. -- Ai Weiwei
creative	sfw	When you light a candle, you also cast a shadow. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	When you make a painting, even abstract, there is always a sort of necessary filling-in. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	When you read, I'm sure you don't realize that your eyes are going backwards and forwards and to this place and that place. Mine don't do that. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	When you start liking pain things start to get interesting. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	When you start with a portrait and search for a pure form, a clear volume, through successive eliminations, you arrive inevitably at the egg. Likewise, starting with the egg and following the same process in reverse, one finishes with the portrait. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	When you think about it, department stores are kind of like museums. -- Andy Warhol
creative	sfw	When you walk down the street and see something in a crazy spot, there's something powerful about that. The street will always be an important part of getting art out there for me. -- Shepard Fairey
creative	sfw	When you're all singing together, it brings things together. I know the songs that my grandfather and my father sang. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	When you're imagining peace, you can't kill anyone. That's good isn't it? -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Whenever things go a bit sour in a job I'm doing, I always tell myself, 'You can do better than this.' -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	Whenever women struggle with breast cancer and face better care than ever, that's feminism. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Where do you get your ideas from, Ms Le Guin? From forgetting Dostoyevsky and reading road signs backwards, naturally. Where else? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
creative	sfw	Where does your soul go when you die in Hell? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Where does your soul go, when you die in Hell? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Where man goes, trees die; or, to paraphrase Tacitus, we make a desert and call it progress. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Where will you sleep? he inquired, sitting down heavily on the bed. No where, the Alien replied, its toneless voice dividing the word into two equally significant wholes. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Where would Jesus be if no one had written the gospels? -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Where, then, is Truth? declaimed Bedap, and yawned. In the hill one happens to be sitting on, said Tirin. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	Where, then, is Truth? declaimed Bedap, and yawned. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	Which is better off, a lizard basking in the sun or a philosopher? Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
creative	sfw	Which of us saved the other from the Labyrinth, Ged? Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
creative	sfw	While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	While gossip among women is universally ridiculed as low and trivial, gossip among men, especially if it is about women, is called theory, or idea, or fact. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	While we read a novel, we are insane - bonkers. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	While we read a novel, we are insanebonkers. We believe in the existence of people who aren't there, we hear their voices... Sanity returns (in most cases) when the book is closed. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	While writing, I tend to repeat the same song, endlessly, for thousands of times. This helps me ignore any lyrics, and helps create a consistent mood for each book. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Who do you think is lying to us? Shevek demanded. Placid, Bedap met his gaze. Who, brother? Who but ourselves? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Who knows a man's name, holds that man's life in his keeping. Thus to Ged, who had lost faith in himself, Vetch had given him that gift that only a friend can give, the proof of unshaken, unshakeable trust. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Who sees the human face correctly: the photographer, the mirror, or the painter? -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Who sows virtue reaps honor. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Who would be an artist if they did not believe that that happens? If they did not know it happens, because they have felt the god within them use their tongue, their hands? Maybe only once, once in their lives. But once is enough. Nor Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Whoever is winning at the moment will always seem to be invincible. -- George Orwell
creative	sfw	Whoever says he is starting from a given in nature may be right, and so is he who says he is starting from nothing! -- Piet Mondrian
creative	sfw	Why am I not feminist? Maybe because I come from a country where my mother ruled my life. I never felt in any way that I couldn't achieve what I want. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Why are all the artists so dead-set on distorting? It seems to be a reaction against photography, but I'm not sure. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Why are my sons followed thus by darkness?' ...'Because they were born in the house of flesh, therefore death follows at their heels. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Why do they cover Paul's songs but never mine? -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Why do two colors, put one next to the other, sing? Can one really explain this? no. Just as one can never learn how to paint. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake? -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	Why is it that many contemporary male thinkers, especially men of color, repudiate the imperialist legacy of Columbus but affirm dimensions of that legacy by their refusal to repudiate patriarchy? ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Why must there be war?" "Oh Lavinia, what a woman's question that is! Because men are men. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Why, why is a girl brought up at home to be a woman in exile the rest of her life? Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Winter hasnt achieved in thirty centuries what Terra once achieved in thirty decades. Neither has Winter ever paid the price that Terra paid. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Wisdom is that apprehension of heavenly things to which the spirit rises through love. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	With all of its defects, the global market makes war less likely, even between the U.S.A. and China. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	With all the holes in you already there's no reason to define the outside environment as alien. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	With classical ballet you are literally injuring yourself. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	With eye and hand and breath and will. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
creative	sfw	With you inside me comes the knowledge of my death. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Without language, they have no lies. Thus they have no future. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
creative	sfw	Without war there are no heroes." "What harm would that be?" "Oh, Lavinia, what a woman's question that is. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	Wold felt sorry for him, as he often did for young men, who have not seen how passion and plan over and over are wasted, how their lives and acts are wasted between desire and fear. Ursula K. Le Guin, Planet of Exile
creative	sfw	Women are put in a position of feeling embarrassed about their bodies. It's so ridiculous, but also astounding - we have to always be apologetic about having created the human race. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Women are tenacious, and all of them should be tenacious of respect; without esteem they cannot exist; esteem is the first demand that they make of love. ~ Honore de Balzac
creative	sfw	Women are very intelligent and not appreciated. We try to pretend that we are not clever, and it's such a pity that we can't show how clever we are. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Women artists are still treated differently from men. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Women have become stronger, and there's a backlash. Men have become terribly possessive. I find it much easier to get on with women. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Women have been taught that, for us, the earth is flat, and that if we venture out, we will fall off the edge. Some of us have ventured out nevertheless, and so far we have not fallen off. It is my faith, my feminist faith, that we will not. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	Women would rather be right than reasonable. -- Ogden Nash
creative	sfw	Women's art, political art - those categorisations perpetuate a certain kind of marginality which I'm resistant to. But I absolutely define myself as a feminist. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	Women's fashion' is a euphemism for fashion created by men for women. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	Words are events, they do things, change things. They transform both speaker and hearer; they feed energy back and forth and amplify it Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	Words are my mattermy stuff. Words are my skein of yarn, my lump of wet clay, my block of uncarved wood. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	Words are power. And a book is full of words. Be careful what power you get from it. But know that you do. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Words are the tools of 'to be' - of expression. They are completely built on the fact that you 'are,' and in order to express it, you have built a little alphabet, and you make your words from it. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Words are the wings both intellect and imagination fly on. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	Words such as truth, art, veracity, or anything are stupid in themselves. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	Words, words, words! They shut one off from the universe. Three quarters of the time one's never in contact with things, only with the beastly words that stand for them. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Words, words, words! They shut one off from the universe. Three quarters of the time one's never in contact with things, only with the beastly words that stand for them. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Work is a necessity for man. Man invented the alarm clock. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	Would that the simple maxim, that honesty is the best policy, might be laid to heart; that a sense of the true aim of life might elevate the tone of politics and trade till public and private honor become identical. -- Margaret Fuller
creative	sfw	Would you give up the craft of your hands, and the passion of your heart, and the hunger of your mind, to buy safety? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	Would you really like to live in a society where you have no responsibility and no freedom, no choice, only the false option of obedience to the law, or disobedience followed by punishment? Would you really want to go live in a prison? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	Would you walk away from Omelas? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
creative	sfw	Write your story as it needs to be written. Write it honestly, and tell it as best you can. I'm not sure that there are any other rules. Not ones that matter. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	Writers have to put up with this editor thing; it is ageless and eternal and wrong. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	Writers write to influence their readers, their preachers, their auditors, but always, at bottom, to be more themselves. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Writers write to influence their readers, their preachers, their auditors, but always, at bottom, to be more themselves. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Writing is the most fun you can have by yourself. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers. -- Isaac Asimov
creative	sfw	YOU SHOULD LIMIT THE NUMBER OF TIMES YOU ACT AGAINST YOUR NATURE, LIKE SLEEPING WITH PEOPLE YOU HATE. ITS INTERESTING TO TEST YOUR CAPABILITIES FOR A WHILE BUT TOO MUCH WILL CAUSE DAMAGE. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	Yes. There's really only one question that can be answered, Genry, and we already know the answer....The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	Yesterday I was thinking about the whole idea of genius and creative people, and the notion that if you create some magical art, somehow that exempts you from having to pay attention to the small things. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	Yet a greater, unlearned skill he possessed, which was the art of kindness. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	Yet we were rescued by that fancy, and saved by a myth. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	You always have to defend the imagination against idiots. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	You are a victim of the rules you live by. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	You are all in jail. Each alone, solitary, with a heap of what he owns. You live in prison, die in prison. It is all I can see in your eyes the walls, the walls! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	You are like a lantern swathed and covered, hidden away in a dark place. Yet the light shines; they could not put out the light. They could not hide you. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	You begin saving the world by saving one man at a time; all else is grandiose romanticism or politics. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	You can be lonely when you have a guy living with you. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	You can be very wild and still be very wise. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	You can close more business in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get people interested in you. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	You can do without a woman but not a typewriter. -- Charles Bukowski
creative	sfw	You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	You can go home again, the General Temporal Theory asserts, so long as you understand that home is a place where you have never been. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	You can have no dominion greater or less than that over yourself. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	You can only realize change if you live simply. Once people want enormous excess, you can hardly do social change. ~ bell hooks
creative	sfw	You can see the old cities still everywhere. The bones and bricks go to dust, but the little pieces of plastic never do - they never adapt either. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	You can take for granted that people know more or less what a street, a shop, a beach, a sky, an oak tree look like. Tell them what makes this one different. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	You can't always be in awe of someone's talent, living with them. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	You can't always measure the effects of activist work; you just have to wish and pray that the message gets through. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	You can't choreograph death, but you can choreograph your funeral. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	You can't die with an unfinished book. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	You can't remember the plot of the Dr Who movie because it didn't have one, just a lot of plot holes strung together. It did have a lot of flashing lights, though. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	You can't trample infidels when you're a tortoise. I mean, all you could do is give them a meaningful look. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	You cannot buy the revolution. You cannot make the revolution. You can only be the revolution. It is in your spirit, or it is nowhere. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	You cannot buy the revolution... you can only BE the revolution Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	You cannot buy the revolution/You cannot make the revolution/You can only BE the revolution! It is in your spirit/ or it is nowhere. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	You cannot take what you have not given, and you must give yourself. You cannot buy the Revolution. You cannot make the Revolution. You can only be the Revolution. It is in your spirit, or it is nowhere. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	You cant crush ideas by suppressing them. You can only crush them by ignoring them. By refusing to think, refusing to change. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	You cant crush ideas by suppressing them. You can only crush them by ignoring them. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	You change the world by being yourself. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	You confuse me with something that is in you. I will not predict how you want to use me. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	sfw	You die, but most of what you have accumulated will not be lost; you are leaving a message in a bottle. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	You do ill if you praise, but worse if you censure, what you do not understand. -- Leonardo da Vinci
creative	sfw	You don't see yet, Genry, why we perfected and practice Fortelling?" "No..." "To exhibit the perfect uselessness of knowing the answer to the wrong question. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	You don't speak of dreams as unreal. They exist. They leave a mark behind them. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	You dont see yet, Genry, why we perfected and practice Foretelling? No To exhibit the perfect uselessness of knowing the answer to the wrong question. I Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	You fear them because you fear death, and rightly: for death is terrible and must be feared,' the mage said...'And life is also a terrible thing,' Ged said, 'and must be feared and praised. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	You get ideas from daydreaming. You get ideas from being bored. You get ideas all the time. The only difference between writers and other people is we notice when we're doing it. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	You get whatever accomplishment you are willing to declare. -- Georgia O'Keeffe
creative	sfw	You go to the Place of the Lie to find out the truth? Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. You're on your own, and you know what you know. And you are the guy who'll decide where to go. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	You have not thought things through, he said. By his standards it was a brutal insult. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
creative	sfw	You have nothing. You posses nothing. You own nothing. You are free. All you have is what you are, and what you give. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	You have to approach something with indifference, as if you had no aesthetic emotion. The choice of readymades is always based on visual indifference and, at the same time, on the total absence of good or bad taste. -- Marcel Duchamp
creative	sfw	You have to have an idea of what you are going to do, but it should be a vague idea. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	You have to have really wide reading habits and pay attention to the news and just everything that's going on in the world: you need to. If you get this right, then the writing is a piece of cake. -- Terry Pratchett
creative	sfw	You have to help another person. But it's not right to play God with masses of people. To be God you have to know what you're doing. And to do any good at all, just believing you're right and your motives are good isn't enough. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	You hear the best stories from ordinary people. That sense of immediacy is more real to me than a lot of writerly, literary-type crafted stories. I want that immediacy when I read a novel. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	You know I very much respect Yvonne Rainer, she is very important - in American dance, the entire development of modern dance, and creating a wonderful physical language. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	You know theres always prejudice in a revolutionary movement. Ursula Le Guin
creative	sfw	You know, James Franco is one of the most interesting figures because he has no rules. He breaks all the borders. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	You know, art is very emotional business. But mostly it becomes not emotional, the fabric of commodity. It becomes business. It becomes so many different things. Because we forgot there was emotions involved. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	You know, it's weird being interviewed! Because the weird thing about being interviewed is you get asked these questions that you've never thought about, and you find out what you think as you answer. -- Neil Gaiman
creative	sfw	You know, one of the only times I ever wrote about art was the obituary of Warhol that I did for the Village Voice. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	sfw	You know, something happened to me when I became 70. I started to feel a tremendous love for the human race, and life and this planet, the universe, the whole shebang. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	You live in the city and all the time there are signs telling you what to do and billboards trying to sell you something. -- Banksy
creative	sfw	You make 'em, I amuse 'em. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	You may take great comfort from the fact that suffering inwardly for the sake of truth proves abundantly that one loves it and marks one out as being of the elect. ~ Ernest Renan
creative	sfw	You must be Arha, or you must be Tenar. You cannot be both. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	You mustn't always believe what I say. Questions tempt you to tell lies, particularly when there is no answer. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	You put another lock on the door and call it democracy. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	You realize you have no control over how you're perceived. -- Chuck Palahniuk
creative	sfw	You see, I dont write the way I was trained to write at the conservatory. I write dysfunctional music. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	You should hurry up and acquire the cigar habit. It's one of the major happinesses. And so much more lasting than love, so much less costly in emotional wear and tear. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	You should hurry up and acquire the cigar habit. It's one of the major happinesses. And so much more lasting than love, so much less costly in emotional wear and tear. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	You think intercourse is a private act; it's not, it's a social act. Men are sexually predatory in life; and women are sexually manipulative. When two individuals come together and leave their gender outside the bedroom door, then they make love. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	sfw	You were the vessel of evil. The Evil is poured out. It is done. It is buried in it's own tomb. You were never made for cruelty and darkness; you were made to hold light Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	You're a respectable woman, dearie, and her reputation is a woman's wealth." "Her wealth," Tenar repeated in the same blank way; then she said it again: "Her wealth. Her treasure. Her hoard. Her value... Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
creative	sfw	You're in pretty good shape for the shape you are in. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	You're never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read to a child. -- Dr. Seuss
creative	sfw	You're trying to reach progressive, humanitarian goals with a tool that isnt suited to the job. Who has humanitarian dreams? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	Young people do not watch television; they are on the Internet. -- Umberto Eco
creative	sfw	Your ego can become an obstacle to your work. If you start believing in your greatness, it is the death of your creativity. -- Marina Abramovic
creative	sfw	Your private life is really very important for you. You know, all of us, you know. -- Yoko Ono
creative	sfw	Your purpose is to make your audience see what you saw, hear what you heard, feel what you felt. Relevant detail, couched in concrete, colorful language, is the best way to recreate the incident as it happened and to picture it for the audience. -- Dale Carnegie
creative	sfw	Your true traveller finds boredom rather agreeable than painful. It is the symbol of his liberty - his excessive freedom. He accepts his boredom, when it comes, not merely philosophically, but almost with pleasure. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Your true traveller finds boredom rather agreeable than painful. It is the symbol of his liberty - his excessive freedom. He accepts his boredom, when it comes, not merely philosophically, but almost with pleasure. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	sfw	Youth has no age. -- Pablo Picasso
creative	sfw	[...]falcon-winged, falcon-mad, like an unfalling arrow, like an unforgotten thought. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	[T]he status of women in a society is a pretty reliable index of the degree of civilization of that society. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction
creative	sfw	[T]he thought was meaningless, an attempt to quantify direct experience. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	[T]hey had not taught the boy to lie. But they had not taught him to know truth from lies. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
creative	sfw	a book is a box of words until you open it. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	a book were written all in numbers, it would be true. It would be just. Nothing said in words ever came out quite even. Things in words got twisted and ran together, instead of staying straight and fitting together. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	a man: who, knowing his whole true self, cannot be used or possessed by any power other than himself, and whose life therefore is lived for lifes sake and never in the service of ruin, or pain, or hatred, or the dark. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	adumbration of Ursula K. Le Guin, The Complete Orsinia: Malafrena / Stories and Songs
creative	sfw	ameneurosis n. The half-forlorn, half-escapist ache of a train whistle calling in the distance at night. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
creative	sfw	and none could cry Murder, but only Justice done. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	are all contingent. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
creative	sfw	assumed that if you removed a human beings natural incentive to workhis initiative, his spontaneous creative energyand replaced it with external motivation and coercion, he would become a lazy and careless worker. But Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	bom ter um objetivo nas jornadas que empreendemos; mas, no fim das contas, o que importa a jornada em si. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Mo Esquerda da Escurido
creative	sfw	but you're not a traitor, you've merely been the tool of one. I don't punish tools. They do harm only in the hands of a bad workman. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	cats have no guilt and very little shame. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	dont know if our life has a purpose and I dont see that it matters. What does matter is that were a part. Like a thread in a cloth or a grass-blade in a field. It is and we are. What we do is like wind blowing on the grass. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	existed. He had grown up in a country run by politicians who sent the pilots to man the bombers to kill the babies to make the world safe for children to grow up in. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	exudation on Ursula K. Le Guin, The Unreal and the Real: Selected Stories Volume Two: Outer Space, Inner Lands
creative	sfw	figurines and souvenirs and kickshaws and mementos and gewgaws and bric-a-brac, everything either useless to begin with or ornamented so as to disguise its use; acres of luxuries, acres of excrement. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	for though only the society could give security and stability, only the individual, the person, had the power of moral choicethe power of change, the essential function of life. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	gnasche n. The intense desire to bite deeply into the forearm of someone you love. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
creative	sfw	he laughed. Do they expect students not to be anarchists? he said. What else can the young be? When you are on the bottom, you must organize from the bottom up! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	he saw what was up and Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	he thought no more of performing the lesser arts of magic than a bird thinks of flying. Yet a greater, unlearned skill he possessed, which was the art of kindness. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	his heart going hard. Ursula K. Le Guin, Worlds of Exile and Illusion: Rocannon's World / Planet of Exile / City of Illusions
creative	sfw	hiybbprqag n. The feeling that everything original has already been done, that the experiment of human culture long ago filled its petri dish and now just feeds on itself, endlessly crossbreeding old cliches into a radioactive ooze of sadness. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
creative	sfw	if I wanted to be the center of the universe Id have a dog. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	it doesnt take a thousand men to open a door, Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	it is as if i were dead, and this is the after-life, her in the sunlight, beyond the edge of the world, among the sons and daughters of the sea. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	sfw	it is strange, exceedingly strange, to know that ones life has been fulfilled. Yet Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	itself and to its consequences, and makes you act again and yet again. Then very seldom do you come upon a space, a time like this, between act and act, when you may stop and simply be. Or wonder who, after all, you are. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
creative	sfw	kids could and did swim in it happily as in their native element, at least until some teacher or professor told them they had to come out, dry off, and breathe modernism ever after. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	kisi de ayrlk yznden ac ekmilerdi, epeyce ac ekmilerdi, ama ikisi de ballklarndan kaarak acy reddetmeyi dnmemilerdi. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	sfw	lilo n. A friendship that can lie dormant for years only to pick right back up instantly, as if no time had passed since you last saw each other. From 'lifelong' + 'lie low.' Pronounced lahy-loh. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
creative	sfw	moieties Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
creative	sfw	my books won't take me far into this place Ursula K. Le Guin, Out Here: Poems and Images from Steens Mountain Country
creative	sfw	my heart told me incontrovertibly that neither gender could go far without the other. So, in my story, neither the woman nor the man can get free without the other. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	sfw	new worlds were born of their talking. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	nusuth Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	paralyzing humiliation was a chemical sequel to getting drunk, like the headache. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	patience with him either, always at him to hurry up and Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
creative	sfw	proud men and umbrageous men, casting black shadows. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	put it this way: fictionwriting it, reading itis an act of the imagination. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	rollover reaction n. When your dream about someone you know skews how you feel about them all the next day, an emotion you are unable and unwilling to shake. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
creative	sfw	said, without sincerity, but with absolute truth, It is a marvelous thing indeed for them as well, the coming to a new world, a new mankind. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	scabulous adj. Proud of a scar on your body, an autograph signed to you by a world grateful for your continued willingness to play with her, even when you don't feel like it. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
creative	sfw	scabulous adj. Proud of a scar on your body, which is an autograph signed to you by a world grateful for your continued willingness to play with her, even when you don't feel like it. From scab + fabulous. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
creative	sfw	she had never known who she was at all, except sometimes for a moment in meditation, when her I am became It is, and she breathed the stars Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
creative	sfw	she sipped her coffee and brandy, which would have grown hair on a Chihuahua. There Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	sfw	so long as Ive tried to understand what the author tried to do, and have no illusions of my critical infallibility, condoning inferiority isnt an option open to me. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	some men who live hard and in good health cant believe sickness or weakness is anything but laziness, a sham. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	spare time is the time not spent at your job or at otherwise keeping yourself Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	sfw	stediin kadar bir ta sula, ta bymez. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
creative	sfw	that silent vastness of fire and ice that said in enormous letters of black and white DEATH, DEATH, written right across a continent. The sledge pulled like a feather, and we laughed with joy. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	the Old Powers of earth are not for men to use. They were never given into our hands, and in our hands they work only ruin. Ill means, ill end. I was not drawn here, but driven here, and the force that drove me works to my undoing. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	the longer he lived on Urras, the less real it became to him. It seemed Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	sfw	the process is one of growth, and primitiveness and civilization are degrees of the same thing. If civilization has an opposite, it is war. Of those two things, you have either one, or the other. Not both. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	the sure, quick, and lasting way to make people into a nation: war. His Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	the truth is a matter of the imagination LeGuin, Ursula
creative	sfw	the vehicle you arrived on, locked up where we cant see it, would it be possible, as suggested, for you to bring down your ... Star Ship? What do you call it? Ai: Star Ship is a good name, sir. Alshel: Oh? What do you call it? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	we must learn to keep the balance. Having intelligence, we must not act in ignorance. Having choice we must not act without. Who am i-though i have the power to do it- to punish and reward, playing with men's destinies? Le Guin, Ursula K.
creative	sfw	what I told them was 'a poem,' a thing made by a maker, a work of art, part history of long ago, part invention. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
creative	sfw	which seemed best to us. And they enjoyed it so much they collected the stories into a Book of Fantasy, Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
creative	sfw	white-skinned, Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
creative	sfw	you're not a traitor, youve merely been the tool of one. I dont punish tools. They do harm only in the hands of a bad workman. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	sfw	zgrlk ar bir yktr, ruhun yklenmesi gereken byk ve garip bir sorumluluk. Kolay deildir. Verilen bir armaan deil, yaplan bir seimdir; bu seim de zor bir seim olabilir. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
creative	spicy	An intellectual is a person who's found one thing that's more interesting than sex. -- Aldous Huxley
creative	spicy	An intellectual is a person who's found one thing that's more interesting than sex. ~ Aldous Huxley
creative	spicy	As far as the eye can see the infertile desert lies in the pitiless glare of the merciless sun, a lifeless, trackless, feckless, fuckless waste strown with the bones of luckless wayfarers. . . Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	spicy	As long as there is rape... there is not going to be any peace or justice or equality or freedom. You are not going to become what you want to become or who you want to become. You are not going to live in the world you want to live in. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	spicy	Don't try to solve serious matters in the middle of the night. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	Drug misuse is not a disease, it is a decision, like the decision to step out in front of a moving car. You would call that not a disease but an error of judgment. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	Grain grows best in shit... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	spicy	He patted the thing he wore on his belt, a metal object like a deformed penis, and looked patronizingly at the unarmed woman. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	spicy	I am a fictionalizing philosopher, not a novelist. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	I am basically analytical, not creative; my writing is simply a creative way of handling analysis. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	I am one of the elect, one of the few in the know, in the gnosis. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	I didn't finish college; my parents didn't graduate college - we didn't have a pot to piss in. I'm from Newark, New Jersey. I had to work. I didn't think it would be possible for me to be an artist without having a job. -- Barbara Kruger
creative	spicy	I dreamed: I am the fish whose flesh is eaten, and because I am fat, it is good. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	I have an idea that the phrase 'weaker sex' was coined by some woman to disarm the man she was preparing to overwhelm. -- Ogden Nash
creative	spicy	I suspect that the distinction between a maternal and a paternal instinct is scarcely worth making; the parental instinct, the wish to protect, to further, is not a sex-linked characteristic Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
creative	spicy	I suspect that the distinction between a maternal and a paternal instinct is scarcely worth making; the parental instinct, the wish to protect, to further, is not a sex-linked characteristic... Le Guin Ursula
creative	spicy	I want to write about people I love, and put them into a fictional world spun out of my own mind, not the world we actually have, because the world we actually have does not meet my standards. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	IT'S AN EXTRAORDINARY FEELING WHEN PART OF YOUR BODY ARE TOUCHED FOR THE FIRST TIME. I'M THINKING OF THE SENSATIONS FROM SEX AND SURGERY. -- Jenny Holzer
creative	spicy	In his school, Bertrand Russell thought it was better if they had the sex, so they could give their undivided attention to mathematics, which was the main thing. -- Paul Goodman, Growing Up Absurd
creative	spicy	It is hard to swear when sex is not dirty and blasphemy does not exist. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	spicy	It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	KEEP READING books and seeing movies where nobody can fucking say anything except fuck, unless they say shit. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	spicy	Of the opposite sex, I have the moustache and, in general, the face. -- Frida Kahlo
creative	spicy	Pravic was not a good swearing language. It is hard to swear when sex is not dirty and blasphemy does not exist. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
creative	spicy	Privacy, in fact, was almost as desirable for physics as it was for sex. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
creative	spicy	Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	Science fiction writers, I am sorry to say, really do not know anything. We can't talk about science, because our knowledge of it is limited and unofficial, and usually our fiction is dreadful. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	Seduction is often difficult to distinguish from rape. In seduction, the rapist often bothers to buy a bottle of wine. ~ Andrea Dworkin
creative	spicy	Sex is more exciting on the screen and between the pages than between the sheets. -- Andy Warhol
creative	spicy	So God is dead, at least as a swearword, but hate and feces keep going strong. Le roi est mort, vive le fucking roi. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
creative	spicy	Strange how paranoia can link up with reality now and then. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	The Martians are always coming. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	The basic tool for the manipulation of reality is the manipulation of words. If you can control the meaning of words, you can control the people who must use the words. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	The core of my writing is not art but truth. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	The insistent permissiveness of the late twentieth century had produced fully as much sex-guilt and sex-fear in its heirs as had the insistent repressiveness of the late nineteenth century. Orr Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	spicy	The insistent permissiveness of the late twentieth century had produced fully as much sex-guilt and sex-fear in its heirs as had the insistent repressiveness of the late nineteenth century. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
creative	spicy	The trouble with being educated is that it takes a long time; it uses up the better part of your life and when you are finished what you know is that you would have benefited more by going into banking. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	The universe is information and we are stationary in it, not three dimensional and not in space or time. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	There are talking dogs all over the place, unbelievably boring they are, on and on and on about sex and shit and smells, and smells and shit and sex, and do you love me, do you love me, do you love me. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
creative	spicy	This, to me, is the ultimately heroic trait of ordinary people; they say no to the tyrant and they calmly take the consequences of this resistance. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	When I believe, I am crazy. When I don't believe, I suffer psychotic depression. -- Philip K. Dick
creative	spicy	Yirmi ya dolaylarnda yle bir an vardr ki," dedi Bedap, "yaamnn geri kalan ksm boyunca ya herkes gibi olmay, ya da farkllklarn erdeme dntrmeyi semen gerekir. Ursula K. Le Guin
creative	spicy	You can keep up that crap for years. But it finally catches up with you. And then you realise all you've done is save your shit to drown in. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Unreal and the Real: Selected Stories, Volume One: Where on Earth
creative	spicy	anthrodynia n. A state of exhaustion with how shitty people can be to each other, typically causing a countervailing sense of affection for things that are sincere but not judgmental, are unabashedly joyful, or just are. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
creative	spicy	hanker sore adj. Finding a person so attractive it actually kinda pisses you off. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
facts	sfw	"Arachibutlphobia" is the fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of your mouth.
facts	sfw	"Challenger Deep" is the deepest point on Earth and can hold 25 Empire State Buildings end to end.
facts	sfw	"Disco" means "I learn" in Latin.
facts	sfw	"O" is the oldest letter of the alphabet, dating back to 3000 B.C.
facts	sfw	"Q" is the only letter in the alphabet not appearing in the name of any U.S. state.
facts	sfw	"Shadow of Death" The name applied to this locality by Conrad Weiser and other travelers on the Frankstown Path in the mid-18th century. Its local significance is now unknown. Croghan Pike (US 522) W of Shade Gap
facts	sfw	"Way" is the most frequently used noun in the English language.
facts	sfw	"York House" Built in 1860 by Charles Billmeyer, railroad car manufacturer. Noted for its hand-painted ceiling and exquisite interior ornamentation, building is outstanding example of mansion-type Victorian architecture. 225 E. Market St., York
facts	sfw	'K' was chosen to stand for a strikeout in baseball because 'S' was being used to denote a sacrifice.
facts	sfw	-40 degrees Fahrenheit is the same temperatures as -40 degrees Celsius.
facts	sfw	1/4 of the bones in your body are in your feet.
facts	sfw	100% recyclable, old newspapers are great for washing windows.
facts	sfw	111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
facts	sfw	13 percent of the world's tea comes from Kenya.
facts	sfw	2nd Street is the most common street name in the United States; First Street is the 6th most common.
facts	sfw	454 U.S. dollar bills weigh exactly one pound.
facts	sfw	75% of people wash from top to bottom in the shower.
facts	sfw	99% of our solar system's mass is the sun.
facts	sfw	A Pelican can hold more food in its beak than its belly.
facts	sfw	A Venus flytrap can eat a whole cheeseburger.
facts	sfw	A baboon is a variety of lemon.
facts	sfw	A baby caribou can outrun its mother at 3 days old.
facts	sfw	A ball of glass will bounce higher than a ball of rubber.
facts	sfw	A banana is a giant herb.
facts	sfw	A bee has five eyelids.
facts	sfw	A bolt of lightning can reach temperatures hotter than 50,000 degrees Fahrenheit - five times hotter than the sun.
facts	sfw	A camel can drink 25 gallons of water in less than three minutes.
facts	sfw	A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
facts	sfw	A cat's lower jaw cannot move sideways.
facts	sfw	A cat's nose is ridged with a unique pattern, just like a human fingerprint.
facts	sfw	A chalkboard eraser is one of the best ways to wipe a foggy windshield.
facts	sfw	A chameleon shoots out its tongue to catch prey at speeds faster than a fighter jet.
facts	sfw	A compass needle does not point directly north.
facts	sfw	A crocodile can't stick out its tongue.
facts	sfw	A crocodile cannot move its tongue.
facts	sfw	A cubic mile of fog is made up of less than a gallon of water.
facts	sfw	A cucumber consists of 96% water.
facts	sfw	A day on Venus lasts longer than a year on Venus.
facts	sfw	A dimpled golf ball produces less drag and flies farther than a smooth golf ball.
facts	sfw	A dog's average body temperature is 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
facts	sfw	A duck can't walk without bobbing its head.
facts	sfw	A duck has three eyelids.
facts	sfw	A duck's quack doesn't echo.
facts	sfw	A female kangaroo is called a flyer.
facts	sfw	A fifteen-year-old boy invented earmuffs in 1873.
facts	sfw	A flea can jump 30,000 times without stopping.
facts	sfw	A full moon is nine times brighter than a half moon.
facts	sfw	A full-grown tree produces enough oxygen to support a family of four.
facts	sfw	A gallon of water weighs 8.34 pounds.
facts	sfw	A goldfish's attention span is 3 seconds.
facts	sfw	A group of a dozen or more cows is called a 'flink.'
facts	sfw	A group of cats is called a clowder.
facts	sfw	A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
facts	sfw	A group of geese on the ground is a gaggle, a group of geese in the air is a skein.
facts	sfw	A group of goats is called a trip.
facts	sfw	A group of jellyfish is called a smack.
facts	sfw	A group of porcupines is called a prickle.
facts	sfw	A group of twelve or more cows is called a flink.
facts	sfw	A honey bee can fly at 15mph.
facts	sfw	A housefly hums in the key of F.
facts	sfw	A human brain weighs about three pounds.
facts	sfw	A hummingbird weighs less than a penny.
facts	sfw	A hummingbird's heart beats 1,400 times a minute.
facts	sfw	A jackrabbit can travel more than 12 feet in one hop.
facts	sfw	A jellyfish is approximately 95% water.
facts	sfw	A jiffy is an actual time measurement equaling 1/100th of a second.
facts	sfw	A kangaroo can jump 30 feet.
facts	sfw	A lemon contains more sugar than a strawberry.
facts	sfw	A male cricket's ear is located on the tibia of its leg.
facts	sfw	A male firefly's light is twice as bright as a female's.
facts	sfw	A male kangaroo is called a boomer.
facts	sfw	A manned rocket can reach the moon in less time than it took a stagecoach to travel the length of England.
facts	sfw	A mile on the ocean and a mile on land are not the same distance.
facts	sfw	A nautical mile is 800 feet longer than a land mile.
facts	sfw	A one-day weather forecast requires about 10 billion math calculations.
facts	sfw	A one-minute kiss burns about 26 calories.
facts	sfw	A pearl can be dissolved by vinegar.
facts	sfw	A pigeon's feathers are heavier than its bones.
facts	sfw	A pineapple is neither an apple or a pine. It is, in fact, a large berry.
facts	sfw	A polar bear cannot be seen by an infrared camera, due to its transparent fur.
facts	sfw	A queen bee can lay 800-1,500 eggs per day.
facts	sfw	A rainbow can only be seen in the morning or late afternoon.
facts	sfw	A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair.
facts	sfw	A sea lemon is a mollusk that feeds on sponges.
facts	sfw	A single coffee tree produces only about a pound of coffee beans per year.
facts	sfw	A snail breathes through its foot.
facts	sfw	A sneeze travels out of your mouth at over 100 miles an hour.
facts	sfw	A soup can full of neutron star material would have more mass than the Moon.
facts	sfw	A spider's silk is stronger than steel.
facts	sfw	A stamp shaped like a banana was once issued in the country of Tonga.
facts	sfw	A strand from the web of a golden spider is as strong as a steel wire of the same size.
facts	sfw	A strawberry is not an actual berry, but a banana is.
facts	sfw	A tankless water heater uses half the energy of a standard model.
facts	sfw	A teaspoon contains 120 drops of water.
facts	sfw	A ten gallon hat holds less than one gallon of liquid.
facts	sfw	A tiger's night vision is six times better than a human's.
facts	sfw	A tune that gets stuck in your head is called an earworm.
facts	sfw	A turkey can run at 20 mph.
facts	sfw	A twit is the technical term for a pregnant goldfish.
facts	sfw	About 1.3 billion pounds of peanuts are produced in Georgia each year.
facts	sfw	About 11% of the people in the world are left-handed.
facts	sfw	About 18 percent of animal owners share their bed with their pet.
facts	sfw	About 40% of America's population lives within a one day drive to Philadelphia.
facts	sfw	About 45% of leisure visitors to downtown New York City come from outside the United States.
facts	sfw	About 80 women go into labor on NYC subways every year.
facts	sfw	About 85% of the world's population is right-handed.
facts	sfw	About 90% of all garlic consumed in the U.S. comes from Gilroy, CA.
facts	sfw	About half of all Americans are on a diet on any given day.
facts	sfw	Abraham Lincoln On February 22, 1861, while journeying to Washington for his Inauguration, Lincoln stopped at the Jones House, on this site. From the portico of the hotel, he addressed a large crowd gathered in Market Square. S. Market Square (E side), Harrisburg
facts	sfw	Abraham Lincoln One-half block east of here, on Nov. 18, 1863, Abraham Lincoln spoke briefly to townspeople from his special train. The President was traveling to Gettysburg for the dedication of the National Cemetery. Carlisle St. (PA 94) & Park Ave., Hanover
facts	sfw	Abraham Lincoln was the tallest U.S. President at 6'4", while James Madison was the shortest at 5'4".
facts	sfw	Adam Schneider Laid out the north half of the settlement renamed Somerset in 1795. Schneider and his brother Jacob conducted the first store in Somerset. It stood on this site. NW corner of Square (Main St. & S Center Ave.), Somerset
facts	sfw	Add up opposing sides of a dice cue and you'll always get seven.
facts	sfw	Adults laugh only about 15 to 100 times a day, while six-year-olds laugh an average of 300 times a day.
facts	sfw	Africa is divided into more countries than any other continent.
facts	sfw	After working out, it takes 5 hours for your body temperature to return to normal.
facts	sfw	Alaska has more caribou than people.
facts	sfw	Alaska has the highest percentage of people who walk to work.
facts	sfw	Alaska is the most eastern and western state in the U.S.
facts	sfw	Alaska was bought from Russia for about 2 cents an acre.
facts	sfw	All dog breeds except chow-chows have black lips to prevent them from getting sunburned.
facts	sfw	All gondolas in Venice, Italy must be painted black unless they are carrying an important person.
facts	sfw	All lemons are harvested by hand.
facts	sfw	All of the major candidates in the 1992, 1996, and 2008 U.S. presidential elections were left-handed.
facts	sfw	All polar bears are left-handed.
facts	sfw	All porcupines float in water.
facts	sfw	All scorpions glow.
facts	sfw	Alliance Furnace First furnace west of the Alleghenies. Built 1789 on banks of nearby Jacob's Creek, its ruins are still observable. Supplied iron for Wayne's campaign in 1794 against the Indians. Banning Rd. (SR 1002), ~6 miles NW of PA 819, between Dawson & Perryopolis
facts	sfw	Alliance Furnace First furnace west of the Alleghenies. Built 1789 on banks of nearby Jacob's Creek, its ruins are still observable. Supplied iron for Wayne's campaign in 1794 against the Indians. PA 819, 1 mile N of Dawson
facts	sfw	Almonds are part of the peach family.
facts	sfw	Altoona Founded 1849 as a terminal for westward expansion of the Pennsylvania Railroad. It soon became a major railroad center of the nation. Scene of the War Governors' Conference, 1867. Logan Blvd., in median where road goes over Mill Run, Altoona
facts	sfw	America's 1st roller coaster was built in 1827 to carry coal from a mine to boats below.
facts	sfw	America's First Iron Steamboat The "Codorus," built in York by John Elgar, was launched at present-day Accomac on the Susquehanna River, Nov. 22, 1825. The site is about two miles distant. Lincoln Hwy. (PA 462) near Blessing Ln., just W of Wrightsville
facts	sfw	Americans spend more than $630 million a year on golf balls.
facts	sfw	Americans, on average, eat 18 acres of pizza a day.
facts	sfw	Among North Atlantic lobsters, about 1 in 5,000 is born bright blue.
facts	sfw	An alligator can go through 3,000 teeth in a lifetime.
facts	sfw	An ant can lift 50 times its own weight.
facts	sfw	An ant's sense of smell is stronger than a dog's.
facts	sfw	An average of three billion cups of tea are consumed daily worldwide.
facts	sfw	An egg that is fresh will sink in water, but a stale one won't.
facts	sfw	An electric eel can release a charge powerful enough to start 50 cars.
facts	sfw	An octopus has three hearts.
facts	sfw	An ostrich's brain is smaller than its eye.
facts	sfw	Ancient Chinese warriors would show off to their enemies before battle, by juggling.
facts	sfw	Ancient Egyptians believed the "vein of love" ran from the third finger on the left hand to the heart.
facts	sfw	Anderson House Built in 1815. East room housed the first bank in Bedford, known as the Allegheny Bank of Pennsylvania, from 1815 to 1832. Original vault can still be seen. Since 1924, used as public library and community centre. E. Pitt St. between Juliana & Richard Sts., Bedford
facts	sfw	Animals that lay eggs don't have belly buttons.
facts	sfw	Anna Elizabeth Dickinson (1842-1932) Anna Dickinson, a nationally renowned orator, writer, and advocate for the rights of women, Blacks, and workers, lived here. At 21 she became the first woman to address Congress, a speech attended by President Lincoln. 1326 Arch Street
facts	sfw	Antarctica has as much ice as the Atlantic Ocean has water.
facts	sfw	Antarctica holds 90% of the world's fresh water.
facts	sfw	Antarctica is the driest, coldest, windiest, and highest continent on earth.
facts	sfw	Antarctica is the only continent with no owls.
facts	sfw	Anthony Wayne A restored blockhouse marking the site of American Fort Presque Isle and the original burial place of General Wayne stands on the Soldiers and Sailors Home grounds near the foot of this street. Wayne died there Dec. 15, 1796. E. 6th St. (Alt. PA 5) at Ash St., Erie
facts	sfw	Apples, peaches and raspberries are all members of the rose family.
facts	sfw	Approximately 16,500 people in the U.S. go by the last name Lemon.
facts	sfw	Arthur St. Clair At the head of the hollow to the south was last home of Gen. St. Clair. He served in the Revolutionary army, in the Continental Congress, and was first Governor of the Northwest Territory. His grave is at Greensburg. Lincoln Hwy. (US 30), 6.5 miles NW of Ligonier
facts	sfw	Assarughney Below Campbell's Ledge, across the river, stood an Indian town occupied by Delawares after the 1737 "Walking Purchase." Here the Warriors Path from Tioga joined the path from Minisink. PA 92, 1 mile N of West Pittston (Missing)
facts	sfw	Astronauts actually get taller when in space.
facts	sfw	At 5 feet, the whooping crane is the tallest bird in North America.
facts	sfw	At birth a human has 350 bones, but only 206 bones when full grown.
facts	sfw	At birth, a Dalmation is always pure white.
facts	sfw	At room temperature, the average air molecule travels at the speed of a rifle bullet.
facts	sfw	At the deepest point in the ocean, the water pressure is equivalent to having about 50 jumbo jets piled on top of you.
facts	sfw	Atlantic salmon are capable of leaping 15 feet high.
facts	sfw	August has the highest percentage of births.
facts	sfw	Augusta Town Here met, in August 1776, under Virginia's claim to western Pennsylvania, the first court west of the Monongahela River. The site is a mile south and marked by a monument. Franklin Farms Rd. off US 40, between S Ring & W Palm, ~3 miles SW of Washington
facts	sfw	Augustus Lutheran Church Oldest unchanged Lutheran church in America. Built in 1743 by Dr. Henry Melchior Muhlenberg, who died in 1787 and is buried in the graveyard. Main St. (old US 422) near Seventh Ave., Trappe, next to entry archway
facts	sfw	Australia is the only continent without an active volcano.
facts	sfw	Avery College To the south, at Nash and Avery Streets, stood Avery College. Founded in 1849 by Charles Avery (1784-1858), Methodist lay preacher, philanthropist, abolitionist, to provide a classical education for Negroes. 619 Ohio St., North Side, Pittsburgh
facts	sfw	Azilum Site of the famed French refugee colony is a few miles south. Here exiles laid out a town and built La Grande Maison for the Queen and her son, the heir to the throne of France. US 6 just E of Lake Rd. (PA 187) at Wysox
facts	sfw	Azilum The broad plain which can be seen from this point was the site, 1793-1803, of the French refugee colony. The Great House, built for Marie Antoinette and her son, was there and an entire village founded. US 6, 4.5 miles N of Wyalusing at Marie Antoinette lookout
facts	sfw	Babies are born with about 300 separate bones, but adults have 206.
facts	sfw	Baboons were once trained by Egyptians to wait on tables.
facts	sfw	Baby bunnies are called kittens.
facts	sfw	Bailey's Printshop Francis Bailey, official printer to both the U.S. Congress and the Commonwealth, operated a printing office on this site from 1773 to 1780. Here, he produced many historic imprints including Thomas Paine's "Crisis No. 4." 14 W. King St., Lancaster
facts	sfw	Baker Mansion Erected 1844-1847. Architect, Robert Cary Long, Jr. Residence of Elias Baker, Ironmaster, and his family, 1848 to 1914. Museum of the Blair County Historical Society since 1922. Entrance to mansion from street in rear. Baker Blvd. & Mansion Blvd., Altoona
facts	sfw	Baking soda makes a great scouring cleanser, and it's naturally chemical-free.
facts	sfw	Bald eagles can swim using a stroke similar to the butterfly stroke.
facts	sfw	Baldwin House Two blocks west from here is the home built in 1841 by Justice Henry Baldwin. Appointed to the U.S. Supreme Court in 1830. As a member of Congress in 1816 to 1822, he was an early protective tariff advocate. Baldwin St. near Park Ave., Meadville
facts	sfw	Bamboo (the world's tallest grass) can grow up to 90cm in a day.
facts	sfw	Bamboo can grow over three feet per day.
facts	sfw	Bamboo can grow three feet in one day.
facts	sfw	Bamboo makes up 99 percent of a panda's diet.
facts	sfw	Bananas are the most widely-eaten fruit in America.
facts	sfw	Barbie's full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts.
facts	sfw	Baron Stiegel The famed glassmaker and ironmaster of colonial days founded Manheim in 1762, and set up his glassworks in 1764. He gave land for the Lutheran Church which still pays his heirs one red rose a year. In mini park at 1 S Main, Market Square (PA 72), Manheim
facts	sfw	Battle of Hanover On the morning of June 30, 1863, Confederate Cavalry under General Stuart attacked the rear of Union Cavalry SE of here and, for a while, had possession of the town. The attack repulsed, Stuart withdrew in the evening. SW section of square, Hanover
facts	sfw	Battle of Wyoming Here on July 3, 1778, 300 patriots under Col. Zebulon Butler were defeated by 1100 British, Tories, and Indians with Maj. Gen. John Butler. Captives were massacred; survivors fled to Forty Fort. Wyoming Ave. (US 11) & Susquehanna Ave., at monument, Wyoming
facts	sfw	Bayard Rustin (1912-1987) Born here, the civil rights leader and pacifist organized the 1963 March on Washington. Head of A. Phillip Randolph Institute, 1966-1979. Elected to Henderson High School Hall of Fame. At school entrance, Maple & Convent Aves., West Chester
facts	sfw	Beavers can hold their breath for 45 minutes under water.
facts	sfw	Beavers have orange teeth.
facts	sfw	Beavers were once the size of bears.
facts	sfw	Bedford Furnace First iron furnace in the Juniata region. Famous as a center for making quality charcoal iron. Located on Black Log Creek below its junction with Shade Creek. Completed about 1788. US 522 near Palmer St., at SE end of Orbisonia
facts	sfw	Bedford Springs Medicinal values of these springs discovered about 1796. It soon became a leading resort visited by numerous notables. James Buchanan used the Springs as his summer White House while President. Business US 220 at resort, Bedford Springs
facts	sfw	Bedford Village Settled about 1750, known then as Raystown. Site of an early trade post and Fort Bedford, 1758. Base for Forbes, Bouquet expeditions. In 1794 Washington here reviewed forces in Whiskey Rebellion. 651 E Pitt St. near Bus. 30, just E of Bedford
facts	sfw	Bedford Village Settled about 1750, known then as Raystown. Site of an early trade post and Fort Bedford, 1758. Base for Forbes, Bouquet expeditions. In 1794 Washington here reviewed forces in Whiskey Rebellion. N Richard St. (Bus. Rt. 220), N end of Bedford, ~.3 miles from river
facts	sfw	Bees are born fully grown.
facts	sfw	Bees' wings beat about 11,400 times per minute.
facts	sfw	Before 1687 clocks were made with only an hour hand.
facts	sfw	Before Thomas Jefferson took office people bowed to the president, rather than shaking his hand.
facts	sfw	Before mercury, brandy was used to fill thermometers.
facts	sfw	Bell House An early Germanic type of building; erected in 1745. Used first as the Family House. Girls' School, 1749. Bell, still in use, was cast in Bethlehem. Turret had first town clock, 1746. Weathervane is the church seal in metal. 56 W. Church St., Bethlehem
facts	sfw	Bellefonte Laid out by James Dunlap and James Harris, 1795. Named by Talleyrand for "beautiful fountain." Early center of the iron industry. One-time home of five of Pennsylvania's governors. 435 Willowbank St. (PA 150), just S of Bellefonte
facts	sfw	Bellefonte Laid out by James Dunlap and James Harris, 1795. Named by Talleyrand for "beautiful fountain." Early center of the iron industry. One-time home of five of Pennsylvania's governors. S Allegheny (Rt. 144) & W High Sts., public sq., Bellefonte
facts	sfw	Benjamin Banneker Institute Founded here in 1854 and dedicated to the literary betterment of African Americans, this school was named for a Black astronomer and mathematician who published an almanac and helped survey Washington, D.C. 409 S. 11th St., near Waverly, Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Benjamin Franklin invented flippers.
facts	sfw	Benjamin West Famous American painter; born in this house, Oct. 10, 1738. Best known for the picture, "Penn's Treaty with the Indians." Died 1820, in Europe, where he had lived since 1759. N Chester Rd. (PA 320) at college entrance, Swarthmore (Missing)
facts	sfw	Besides humans, elephants are the only animals that can be taught to stand on their head.
facts	sfw	Bethlehem Religious, cultural, and industrial center. Founded 1741 by Moravians, who excelled as missionaries and musicians. Place of refuge during Indian wars. Lehigh Canal, opened 1829, brought industrialization. Home of Bethlehem Steel. US 22 East of City (Missing)
facts	sfw	Bethlehem Religious, cultural, and industrial center. Founded 1741 by Moravians, who excelled as missionaries and musicians. Place of refuge during Indian wars. Lehigh Canal, opened 1829, brought industrialization. Home of Bethlehem Steel. US 22 West of City (Missing)
facts	sfw	Between 1979 and 1999, the planet Neptune was farther from the Sun than Pluto. This won't happen again until 2227.
facts	sfw	Bigler Graves Jacob and Susan Bigler, parents of two governors, are buried here. Their son William was Governor of Pennsylvania, 1852-55; and their son John, Governor of California, 1852-56. PA 58 (628 Mercer Rd.) at Salem Rd., SE of Greenville
facts	sfw	Birmingham Friends' Meeting House - PLAQUE Erected in 1783. Used as a hospital after the Battle of Brandywine September 11, 1777. Wall of Meetinghouse, Birmingham Rd. (SR 2001), .5 mile SE of W Street Rd. (PA 926), West Chester
facts	sfw	Bishop James M. Thoburn Methodist missionary to India, south Asia, and the Philippines, 1859 to 1908. Upon retirement he lived in Meadville until his death in 1922. He is buried in Greendale Cemetery. PA 77 at E end of Meadville
facts	sfw	Black Horse Tavern Old tavern stood on this site, which was the lot granted to Baltzer Spengler by the sons of William Penn for services in the laying out of York in 1741. NW section of square, York
facts	sfw	Blackboard chalk contains no chalk.
facts	sfw	Blanket Hill So named from the blankets left by the Armstrong expedition after destroying Kittanning. Here also was a stopping point of the troops on en route to attack the Indians, Sept. 7, 1756. US 422, .2 mile west of Blanket Hill Rd. (SR 2007), ~6 miles SE of Kittanning
facts	sfw	Bloodhounds can track a man by smell for up to 100 miles.
facts	sfw	Blossburg Coal From 1840-90, "Bloss" coal from the mines of the nearby region was widely known and used as smithing and steam coal. Tioga in those years was a leading county in bituminous coal production in the U.S. PA 287 & Sand Run Rd. (SR 3009) at creek, ~3 miles N of Morris
facts	sfw	Borborygmi is the noise that your stomach makes when you are hungry.
facts	sfw	Bowling pins need to tip over a mere 7 1/2 degrees to fall down.
facts	sfw	Braddock Park Gen. Edward Braddock was buried here in 1755, after his disastrous defeat and death. The site of his original grave, the new grave to which his remains were moved in 1804, and a trace of the Braddock Road may be seen here. US 40, 2.5 miles NW of Farmington
facts	sfw	Bradford House Built in 1788 by David Bradford, leader of the Whiskey Rebellion in 1794. Occupied by him until he fled to Spanish West Florida after the collapse of the Rebellion. 175 S. Main St., Washington
facts	sfw	Brain waves can be used to power an electric train.
facts	sfw	Brain waves can power an electric train.
facts	sfw	Brashear House John A. Brashear, astronomer, educator, was born here 1840. His grandfather kept the Brashear House, a leading tavern. In 1825 Lafayette spoke from its doorway to the people of Brownsville. 517-523 Market St. (old US 40) at 6th Ave., Brownsville
facts	sfw	Bristol Early river port laid out as Buckingham, 1697. The third oldest borough in Pennsylvania, chartered Nov. 14, 1720. County seat of Bucks, 1705-26. Travel and trade center for over two hundred years. Otter St., just past old Rt. 13 intersection, SW of Bristol
facts	sfw	Bristol Early river port laid out as Buckingham, 1697. The third oldest borough in Pennsylvania, chartered Nov. 14, 1720. County seat of Bucks, 1705-26. Travel and trade center for over two hundred years. US 13, .8 miles N of 4th Ave., at Turnpike off-ramp, N of Bristol (Missing)
facts	sfw	Britain was the first country to register a patent on polyester.
facts	sfw	Broadway is one of the longest streets in the world. It is 150 miles long.
facts	sfw	Broccoli is the only vegetable that is also a flower.
facts	sfw	Brown's Mill School Built in 1836. Used until 1921 as one-room elementary school. At site, Brown's Mill Rd. at Angle Rd. (off Rt. 11 via Kaufman Rd.), SE of Marion
facts	sfw	Brownsville Once called Redstone Old Fort, its historic past includes the Ohio Company storehouse, 1754, and Fort Burd, 1759. It was on the route of Nemacolin's Trail, of Burd's Road, and of the National Road. National Pike E (Bus. 40) near Locust St, Brownsville
facts	sfw	Bryn Athyn Cathedral This Swedenborgian center is noted architecturally. Buildings in 14th-century Gothic and 12th-century Romanesque styles. Built by cooperative craft guilds in medieval way. Endowed by John Pitcairn. Huntingdon Pike (PA 232) in Bryn Athyn at Cathedral
facts	sfw	Buckingham Meeting House This stone meeting house was built by the Friends in 1806, to replace a log structure built about 1768, with later stone additions. It was later used as a military hospital in the Revolution. US 202 NE of Buckingham (Missing)
facts	sfw	Bucknell University Organized in 1846 as the University at Lewisburg by the Baptist Church. Named Bucknell University in 1886, honoring William Bucknell, donor and trustee. Degrees first conferred upon women students in 1885. PA 405 at junction PA 45 3 miles S of Milton
facts	sfw	Buffalo Church Organized by Presbyterian pioneers, 1773; broken up by Indian raids. Resumed, with first regular pastor, 1787. Log church of about 1775 replaced by stone in 1816 and by brick in 1846. Buffalo Rd. (PA 192) at Meeting House Ln., ~3 miles W of Lewisburg
facts	sfw	Burning of Chambersburg Occupied the morning of July 30, 1864, by cavalry of Confederate Gen. John McCausland. Failing to obtain ransom, he burned the town in reprisal for ruin in the Shenandoah Valley by Gen. David Hunter. SE corner of square at Rts. 30 & 11, Chambersburg
facts	sfw	Burning of Chambersburg Over this road Gen. John McCausland's Confederate cavalry marched north on July 29, 1864. By way of Mercersburg, they reached and burned Chambersburg next morning, and were at McConnellsburg next night. Blairs Valley Rd. at Hunter Rd., Montgomery Twp.
facts	sfw	Burnt Cabins Early settlers' cabins in this vicinity were burned by Provincial forces, 1750, to satisfy Indian protests against white trespassers on their lands. The name is a relic of troubled days on the Pennsylvania frontier. U.S. 522, .2 mile S of Burnt Cabins, county line
facts	sfw	Bushy Run Battlefield British and Americans under Col. Henry Bouquet defeated the Indians here, August 5-6, 1763, during the Pontiac War, and lifted the siege of Ft. Pitt. At site, Bushy Run Rd. (PA 993), 1 mile E of Harrison City
facts	sfw	Butterflies can taste with their hind feet.
facts	sfw	Butterflies were formerly known by the name Flutterby.
facts	sfw	Buzz Aldrin was one of the first men on the moon. His mother's maiden name was also Moon.
facts	sfw	Caleb Pusey An English-born Quaker and lastmaker, Pusey (1651-1727) purchased 250 acres from William Penn in 1681. As agent and grist mill manager for him, and colonial office holder, he was visited by Penn here. Main St. at Race St., Upland
facts	sfw	Caledonia Furnace Erected in 1837 by Thaddeus Stevens and James D. Paxton. Stevens' antislavery stand led to its destruction by Gen. Jubal Early, June 26, 1863, on his way to York during the early Gettysburg campaign. US 30 & PA 233, Caledonia State Park, east end of Fayetteville
facts	sfw	California and Arizona grow approximately 95% of the fresh lemons in the U.S.
facts	sfw	Caller ID is illegal in California.
facts	sfw	Camel's milk does not curdle.
facts	sfw	Camels have three eyelids.
facts	sfw	Camptown Races Stephen Foster's title for the well-known song is said to have been taken from nearby Camptown. Foster's residence at Towanda and Athens may have created the association. Junction US 6 & PA 409, 4.2 miles N of Wyalusing
facts	sfw	Canada has the longest coastline of any country in the world.
facts	sfw	Canal Basin End of Erie Extension of the Pennsylvania Canal system. Work begun here July 4, 1838. Canal formally opened Dec. 5, 1844, by arrival of "R.S. Reed" with Mercer County coal, and "Queen of the West" with passengers. 34 State St., near bicentennial tower, Erie
facts	sfw	Candles will burn longer and drip less if they are placed in the freezer a few hours before using.
facts	sfw	Cape May is the oldest seashore resort in America.
facts	sfw	Capoose On the nearby flat was located an Indian village under the chief, Capoose. It was settled by Munsee following their removal from the upper Delaware valley after 1743. 1030 Providence Rd., at Diamond St., West Scranton
facts	sfw	Capt. John Brady The famed Indian fighter and hero of the colonial wars and the Revolution was killed in ambush by Indians near here April 11, 1779. He commanded Fort Brady at present Muncy at the time. N Main St. (SR 2014) near Industrial Park Rd., .8 mile N of Muncy
facts	sfw	Captain Thomas Holme 1624-1695 - PLAQUE William Penn's first Surveyor General of Pennsylvania made his city home near this spot. He mapped the city in 1683 and the province of Pennsylvania in 1687. 113 Arch St., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Carbondale Founded by the Wurts brothers, pioneers in developing anthracite resources of the region, in 1822. Here the first underground mine was opened in June, 1831, near Seventh Ave. Chartered as a city in 1851. #5 6th Ave., at City Hall (6th Ave. side), Carbondale
facts	sfw	Carbondale Founded by the Wurts brothers, pioneers in developing anthracite resources of the region, in 1822. Here the first underground mine was opened in June, 1831, near Seventh Ave. Chartered as a city in 1851. 60 S Main St. (Bus. 6), at Housing Authority, Carbondale
facts	sfw	Carlisle Iron Works Founded about 1762 by John Rigbie and Co. Operated after 1781 by Michael Ege, noted ironmaster of the period. Ruins of the charcoal furnace still stand. PA 174 just E of Boiling Springs
facts	sfw	Carrying Path (The) - PLAQUE Here was the Western end of the Indian Carrying Path from the Chemung to the Susquehanna Rivers. The Eastern end was 190 Rods Southeast. Fort Sullivan was built across the path. PA 199 at N end of bridge into Athens (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Carrying Path Here the Indian voyager down the Chemung lifted his canoe and carried it a hundred and ninety yards across the neck to ascend the Susquehanna. Pa. 199 at Chemung River Bridge into Athens
facts	sfw	Cashier's House Erected as a residence for the cashier of a branch of the U.S. Bank of Pennsylvania, which occupied the adjacent building. Completed 1839. 417 State St. at Fine Art Mus., Erie
facts	sfw	Catawissa Friends Meeting At Catawissa, three miles distant, is the Friends meetinghouse built about 1775. The log structure is still standing and is a fine example of a pioneer place of worship. On ramp to PA 42 - Catawissa from US 11N, .7 mile SW of Bloomsburg
facts	sfw	Catawissa Friends Meeting The nearby Friends meetinghouse, built about 1775, was the place of worship for early Quaker settlers among the pioneers of this region. Catawissa itself was laid out by William Hughs, a Berks County Quaker. South St. between 3rd & 4th Sts., Catawissa
facts	sfw	Caterpillars have over 2,000 muscles.
facts	sfw	Cats can hear ultrasound.
facts	sfw	Cats have 2 sets of vocal cords: one for purring and one for meowing.
facts	sfw	Cats have over 100 vocal chords.
facts	sfw	Central Library Opened on June 2, 1927, the Central Library was designed in the Beaux Arts style by Horace Trumbauer & Julian Francis Abele. It was built to serve as the main building of the Free Library of Philadelphia, chartered in 1891. 1901 Vine Street, Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Centre Furnace Here Cols. John Patton and Samuel Miles operated the first charcoal iron furnace in the region, 1792-1809. Present stack used 1825-1858. In this era Centre County led in the making of Juniata iron. At site, E College Ave. (PA 26) just W of Porter Rd., State College
facts	sfw	Ceres One mile south of here the first permanent white settlement within present McKean County was made in 1798 by Francis King, agent and surveyor for the John Keating land company of Philadelphia. PA 44 at bridge over Oswayo Creek, Ceres (just S of NY border)
facts	sfw	Chambersburg Settled in 1734 by Benjamin Chambers, who laid out "Chambers Town" in 1764. Seat of Franklin County since 1784. Scene of Civil War events: Raided by "Jeb" Stuart in 1862, occupied by Confederates in 1863 and burned by them in 1864. US 30 W end of Chambersburg
facts	sfw	Chameleons can move both their eyes in different directions at the same time.
facts	sfw	Charles M. Schwab The steel king, of whom Carnegie said he "knew more about steel than any man in the world," had his estate here. The grounds and buildings are owned by St. Francis College. St. Mary St. at Manor Dr. (SR 1001) traffic circle, N end of Loretto
facts	sfw	Charles S. Peirce The noted philosopher, logician, scientist and founder of pragmatism lived in this house from 1887 until his death in 1914. America's most original philosopher and greatest logician, a great part of his work was written here. US 6 & 209, ~2 mi. NE of Milford
facts	sfw	Charlie Chaplin failed to make the finals of a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest.
facts	sfw	Charming Forge Erected 1749; once owned by Baron Stiegel. Operated by ironmaster George Ege, 1774-1824. Hessians were employed in Revolutionary days to cut a rock channel for water supply. Site is to the north of Womelsdorf. Conrad Weiser Pkwy. (US 422) at N Water St., Womelsdorf
facts	sfw	Chester Second oldest settlement in Pennsylvania. Named Upland by the Swedes, Chester by Penn. Seat of Pennsylvania colonial government 1681-1683. US 322 at NW end of city
facts	sfw	Chewing gum was invented in New York City in 1870 by Thomas Adams.
facts	sfw	Chewing gum while peeling onions will prevent you from crying.
facts	sfw	Chicago is named after smelly garlic that once grew in the area.
facts	sfw	Chief Logan Logan, son of Shikellamy, and famous Mingo chief, lived in a cabin near the spring opposite. It was his home from about 1766 to 1771, when he moved to the Ohio country. SR 1005 (old U.S. 322), .5 mile N of Reedsville
facts	sfw	Children grow faster during springtime.
facts	sfw	Children have more taste buds than adults.
facts	sfw	Children tend to grow faster in the spring.
facts	sfw	China only has one time zone.
facts	sfw	Chinese is the most spoken language in the world.
facts	sfw	Christopher Columbus brought the first lemon seeds to America.
facts	sfw	Clearwater, Florida has the highest rate of lightning strikes per capita in the U.S.
facts	sfw	Cleveland, OH is home to the first electric traffic lights.
facts	sfw	Coke Ovens The bee-hive ovens nearby are typical of the region. Coke was first made from coal near Connellsville in this type oven about 1840. Since 1870 use of coke has been vital to steel making. Pittsburgh Rd. (PA 51), just S of Gun Club Rd. (T-575), W of Perryopolis
facts	sfw	Col. James Burd "Tinian," home of Col. Burd, is still standing on the opposite hill. Burd was road-builder of Braddock's expedition; French and Indian war commandant at Fort Augusta. Patriot and a soldier in the Revolution. Pa. 230 in Highspire
facts	sfw	Col. Timothy Green In the graveyard to the south rests Timothy Green, officer in the French and Indian War; signer of the Hanover Independence Resolves in June, 1774; an outstanding leader of this region in the Revolution. Claster Blvd., east side, just N of Hemlock, Dauphin
facts	sfw	Cold water weighs less than hot water.
facts	sfw	Coleraine Forges Nearby are the sites of two forges, built in 1805 and 1809 by Samuel Marshall. Juniata iron became famous as the best of the charcoal iron made 1790-1850. Spruce Creek was noted for its ironworks. PA 45, 1.6 miles NE of Spruce Creek
facts	sfw	Colonel Thomas Hartley On this site was the house of Col. Thomas Hartley, first congressman from York County. In 1777, he was prominent in the defense of Philadelphia; led an expedition to avenge the Wyoming Massacre in 1778. W. Market St. between Beaver & George Sts., York
facts	sfw	Colonial Courthouse Georgian Colonial design. Built in 1724, restored in 1920. In use for Chester County till 1786, for Delaware County, 1789-1851. Later used as City Hall. Oldest public building in continuous use in U.S. Ave. of the States between 4th & 5th Sts., Chester
facts	sfw	Colonial Mansion This house, of true Georgian style, was built before 1760. The ground was purchased by Thomas Poultney, merchant, in 1749. John Passmore, first mayor of Lancaster, occupied the house at one time. NW corner, Orange & Shippen Sts., Lancaster
facts	sfw	Colors like red, yellow and orange make you hungry.
facts	sfw	Colt's Station Judah Colt as Agent began the first Pennsylvania Population Co. development here in 1797, setting up the first organized settlement in Erie County, at head of flatboat navigation on French Creek. NE corner of PA 89 and PA 430, Colt's Station
facts	sfw	Conestoga Wagon Product of this Conestoga Valley. Developed here in mid-18th century by local wagon makers, this vehicle of empire was the freight carrier of frontier days, and was the ancestor of the prairie schooner. PA 462 (old Rt. 30), .8 mile E of Lancaster (Missing)
facts	sfw	Conewago Chapel Four miles south of New Oxford. Original Jesuit chapel built 1787 still in use and one of oldest in the United States. The mission was founded 1730. First Sacred Heart church in Pennsylvania. U.S. 30 W of New Oxford
facts	sfw	Conewango Mid-18th century Seneca village located on site of present Warren. First mentioned by Bonnecamps, in 1749, as composed of 12 or 13 cabins. Name in Iroquois means "below the riffles." Pennsylvania Ave. (Bus. US 6) & Hickory St., E side of Conewango Creek Bridge, Warren
facts	sfw	Conneaut Reservoir Raised some 10 feet by a 23-mile "feeder" from Meadville, this lake was the vital source of water for the highest part of the canal, 4 miles west. Lake water and traffic flowed north to Erie, south to the Ohio River. US 6 & 322 E of Conneaut Lake - Missing
facts	sfw	Connecticut Settlement The first Connecticut settlement on their Susquehanna Purchase, 1762. Following its destruction by Indians on Oct. 15, 1763, no further settlements were made until 1769. River Rd. (SR 2004) N of Wilkes-Barre, at city cemetery
facts	sfw	Connecticut was the first state to pass a Lemon Law in 1982.
facts	sfw	Conrad Richter The novelist, born in Pine Grove, wrote about American frontier life. His books include "The Town" and "The Waters of Kronos." A recipient of the Pulitzer Prize and National Book Award, Richter lived and worked in this house, 1950-1968. 11 Maple St., Pine Grove
facts	sfw	Conrad Weiser Pioneer Indian interpreter, treaty maker, 1732-1760. The Indians called him the "Holder of the Heavens." He lived, died, and is buried on this property, now a State Park devoted to his memory. US 422 eastbound, at Weiser Homestead, E of Womelsdorf
facts	sfw	Conrad Weiser Trading Post A hewn-log building, erected on this site about 1750; operated until 1760 by Conrad Weiser, distinguished pioneer settler, treaty maker, Indian agent and interpreter, and first Berks county lay judge. 505 Penn St., Penn Sq., Reading
facts	sfw	Cornwall Banks One of the world's greatest iron mines, the oldest operated continuously in the New World. It has been mined for more than two centuries, and is still the greatest iron ore deposit east of Lake Superior. Boyd St., Cornwall, at now abandoned mine
facts	sfw	Cornwall Furnace Built by Peter Grubb. Operated from 1742 to 1883. Administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission. Rexmont Rd. at site in Cornwall
facts	sfw	Cows do not have upper front teeth.
facts	sfw	Cows give more milk when they listen to music.
facts	sfw	Cranberries are sorted for ripeness by bouncing them.
facts	sfw	Cumberland Riflemen Capt. William Hendricks led from nearby Cumberland County points a company of riflemen to Quebec, Canada. There they fought Dec. 31, 1775, at the side of Gen. Richard Montgomery. Hendricks was killed in action. Willow Park, Market St. at 24th St., Camp Hill
facts	sfw	Curly hair follicles are oval, while straight hair follicles are round.
facts	sfw	Cushetunk The first Connecticut settlement on the upper Delaware was made here in 1755, under lead of Moses Thomas and Daniel Skinner, on lands called Cushetunk by the Indians. Settlement seized by Indians and Tories, 1778. River Rd. (SR 1004) & Card Ln., N of Milanville
facts	sfw	DFW Airport in Texas is larger than the island of Manhattan.
facts	sfw	Dairy cows drink up to 50 gallons of water per day.
facts	sfw	Damascus Later name of Zeisberger's "Lower Town," located on opposite side of the river here. Residence of a Seneca sentinel chief at the time. Town name was taken from the Munsee word, "muskrat." US 62 (Elm St.), across from fish hatchery, N end of Tionesta
facts	sfw	Daniel Boone (1734-1820) - PLAQUE Famous pioneer and wilderness scout, who lived in this area his first 16 years. Born 3 miles northwest on site of Daniel Boone Homestead, State historical shrine. Benj. Franklin Hwy. (US 422) eastbound between Baumstown and Douglassville
facts	sfw	Daniel Boone Homestead Site of the birthplace of Daniel Boone on Nov.2, 1734, and his home until 1750. Administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission. at site, Daniel Boone Rd. (SR 2041) at Old Daniel Boone Rd., N of Baumstown
facts	sfw	Daniel Brodhead Settled here about 1738. Founder of the town, first called Dansbury. Lived here until 1755. His son Daniel became a Revolutionary War leader and later the State Surveyor General. E. Brown St. at Pocono Med. Ctr., East Stroudsburg
facts	sfw	Dansbury Mission Erected about 1744, by Daniel Brodhead, for use by Moravian missionaries. Destroyed by the Indians in 1755, during the French and Indian War. The site adjoined the present cemetery. Main St. (Bus. 209) near 2nd, across from #210, Stroudsburg
facts	sfw	Darby Friends Burial Ground In continuous use since 1682. Land given by John Blunston, founder of Darby, who lies buried here. Also in the burial ground is the marked grave of John Bartram, noted American Botanist. 1247 Main St., outside fenced open field, Darby
facts	sfw	David Brainerd The log house occupied by the Presbyterian missioner to the Indians in 1744 was a short distance away on the side road. It was here the youthful zealot wrote part of his famed journal. S Delaware Dr. (PA 611) at Howell Rd., just S of Martins Creek
facts	sfw	David Bustill Bowser (1820-1900) A self-taught Black artist, Bowser, who lived here, began his career as a landscape, sign emblem, and banner painter. He also painted portraits including several of Lincoln and one of abolitionist John Brown. 481 N 4th St., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	David L. Lawrence Pennsylvania's Governor, 1959-1963, was born in this area June 18, 1889. As a pioneer in urban renewal, he advocated the creation of Point Park as part of the redevelopment of the Golden Triangle. Point State Park, Pittsburgh
facts	sfw	David Martin's Ferry Operated at "The Forks" on grants received in 1739 and 1741. It was an important link on a main route to the west until 1806. Transported troops and supplies in the Revolutionary War. Scott Park, Front & Ferry Sts., Easton
facts	sfw	David R. Porter Ironmaster and Governor of the State, 1839-45, lived in this house. A leader in local affairs, he was called "our own Davy R." His son Horace, soldier and diplomat, was born here, 1837. 3rd & Penn Sts., Huntingdon
facts	sfw	David Rice Atchison was President of the United States for only one day.
facts	sfw	David Wilmot The great Free-Soiler is buried here. Born at Bethany, 1814. Studied law at Wilkes-Barre, 1834. Began practice in Towanda, his home until his death, 1868. His famed Wilmot Proviso introduced August 8, 1846. William St. at Riverside Cemetery, Towanda (Missing)
facts	sfw	David Wilmot The great Free-Soiler, who began the fight on slavery extension with the Wilmot Proviso in 1846, lived in this house. Republican Party founder; its first candidate for Governor. He died here in 1868. U.S. 6 (York Ave.) above Barstow Ave., Towanda
facts	sfw	David Zeisberger Noted Moravian missionary, passed through here in Oct. 1767, en route from Bethlehem to found missions among the Delaware Indians to the West. He was the first white man to travel through the primeval forests of this region. PA 49, between Colesburg and Gold
facts	sfw	De Benneville House Built 1745 by Dr. George de Benneville, preacher in this area 1743-55, and founder of Universalism in America. He died in Philadelphia in 1793. The house is 2.25 miles away on a side road. Memorial Hwy. (PA 622) at Blacksmith Rd., 1.5 miles N of Yellow House
facts	sfw	De Turk House Built in 1767 by John de Turk, son of Isaac de Turk, a Huguenot who settled here in 1712 and was one of a number of French Protestants who were pioneers in this part of Berks County. Junction DeTurk Rd. & Memorial Hwy. (PA 73/662), 1/2 mile S of Oley
facts	sfw	Delaware & Hudson Canal Terminus of the waterway uniting the Hudson and Delaware rivers. Built in 1825-28. A gravity railroad feeder reached to Carbondale. For 70 years the anthracite trade outlet for the region. Main St. (US 6) & 8th St., at historical society, Honesdale
facts	sfw	Delaware Canal Ground broken at Bristol for first 18 miles of canal, Oct. 27, 1827. Open to New Hope, 1831. At Bristol was one of three toll stations. A tide lock here was the outlet into the Delaware; and the first three of 23 lift locks were near by. US 13 at Bristol (Missing)
facts	sfw	Delaware Canal Here are locks No. 8-11 of the 23 lift locks on this canal. New Hope also had one of the nine aqueducts, and the only toll station between Bristol and Easton. Coal was the largest item of shipping. River Rd. (PA 32), 50 ft. N of PA 232 at New Hope
facts	sfw	Delaware Canal Here is Lock No. 12 in a series of 23 lift locks, numbered from Bristol to Easton. Just above here is one of the nine aqueducts by which the canal and its traffic crossed courses of small streams. River Rd. (PA 32) at Old Carversville Road, Lumberville
facts	sfw	Delaware Canal On the 60-mile canal from Bristol to Easton, nine aqueducts, including this at Tinicum Creek, carried boats of 71-ton capacity across small streams. The initial cost of aqueducts averaged about $7,000. River Rd. (PA 32) at Golden Pheasant Inn, Tinicum (Missing)
facts	sfw	Delaware Canal The canal channel, which parallels the Delaware River, lies just below the highway. Here are Locks No. 22 and 23, the last lift locks in the 60 miles of canal from Bristol to the Lehigh River at Easton. Delaware Dr. (PA 611) at Canal Rd., S of Raubsville
facts	sfw	Delaware Canal This canal encouraged a revival of the local iron industry, neglected since 1789; and the new Durham Furnaces, which operated here from 1848 to 1908, made this an important point for canal shipping. PA 611 at Durham Furnace (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Denison House Built in 1790, home of Col. Nathan Denison, Revolutionary Officer and Luzerne County Judge. At site, 35 Denison St. (at Wyoming Ave.), Forty Fort
facts	sfw	Derry Church Founded in 1729; the first pastor, William Bertram, installed in 1732 by Donegal Presbytery. Its grove was patented to it by the sons of William Penn in 1741. The churchyard is the oldest pioneer graveyard in this region. At church, 248 E. Derry Rd., Hershey
facts	sfw	Despite its hump, a camel has a straight spine.
facts	sfw	Detroit has the greatest number of registered bowlers in the U.S.
facts	sfw	Dickinson School of Law Oldest law school in Pennsylvania; founded in 1834 by the Honorable John Reed, eminent jurist, and author of "Pennsylvania Blackstone." Andrew Curtin, Civil War Governor, was one of earliest graduates. S. College St. near South St. at Law School, Carlisle
facts	sfw	Dieting by not eating will actually make your body start conserving calories as fat.
facts	sfw	Dilworthtown - PLAQUE The Battle of Brandywine, September 11, 1777, ended a short distance southeast of this place. Birmingham Rd. (SR 2001) & Brintons Bridge Rd. (SR 2002), Dilworthtown
facts	sfw	Dim lights reduce your appetite.
facts	sfw	Dingman's Ferry Here was located one of the earliest ferries across the Delaware. Andrew Dingman in 1750 built the flatboat he used as a ferry with his own hand axe. Dingman was one of the pioneer settlers. Federal Rd. (US 209), ~50 yds. N of Rt. 739 at Dingman's Ferry
facts	sfw	Dobbin House Built in 1776 by the Rev. Alexander Dobbin. In use for some 25 years as one of the first classical schools west of the Susquehanna River. It is now a museum refurnished in keeping with the early period. Business U.S. 15 (Steinwehr Ave.) near Pa. 134, Gettysburg
facts	sfw	Doctor Jonathan Potts On this site was the house occupied by Dr. Jonathan Potts; Deputy Director General, 1777-1780, of Northern and Middle Departments of the Continental Army. 545 Penn St. (near 6th St. intersection), Reading
facts	sfw	Dogs can make about 10 sounds, while cats make about 100.
facts	sfw	Dolphins are unable to smell.
facts	sfw	Dolphins can jump up to 20 feet in the air.
facts	sfw	Dolphins sleep with one eye open.
facts	sfw	Donegal Church A few miles west is this early Presbyterian Church, organized in 1714. Present structure built about 1740. In 1777, the congregation met at the Witness Tree in front of the Church to avow their patriotism. PA 230, just west of Mt. Joy (Missing)
facts	sfw	Double Dutch jump rope is considered a cross-training sport.
facts	sfw	Dr. Bodo Otto Site of the home of Dr. Bodo Otto, Military Surgeon in Continental Army, 1775-82. Served as Surgeon-in-Chief at Valley Forge, 1777-78; Physician and Surgeon of the Continental Hospitals. Died, 1787. 525 Penn St., Penn Sq., Reading
facts	sfw	Dr. Florence Siebert Birth site of the renowned biochemist. In spite of the handicap of polio, she developed in the 1920s a safe process for intravenous therapy. Later, in 1934, she refined the tuberculin skin test that was ultimately adopted worldwide. 73 N 2nd St., Easton
facts	sfw	Dr. Henry Harbaugh Pennsylvania-German author, theologian, and educator, 1817-1867, was born one and one-half miles distant. The house is marked by a monument. 14301 Harbaugh Church Rd., (@ church), off Midvale Rd. south of Midvale
facts	sfw	Dr. Reifsnyder Dr. Elizabeth Reifsnyder, M.D., a pioneer medical missionary to China for more than thirty years, lived in this house both before and after her work abroad. Born 1858, she died here in 1922. US 11 & 15, W side, just S of Race St., Liverpool
facts	sfw	Dragonflies have six legs but can't walk.
facts	sfw	Drake Well Park Near Titusville. The Park and Museum are owned by the State. On the site Col. Edwin Drake struck oil Aug. 27, 1859, marking the birth of the petroleum industry. Historical and Museum material center. At Drake Well Museum, SE of Titusville
facts	sfw	Drake Well Park Near Titusville. The Park and Museum are owned by the State. On the site Col. Edwin Drake struck oil Aug. 27, 1859, marking the birth of the petroleum industry. Historical and museum material center. PA 8 just S of US 6, at S end of Union City
facts	sfw	Drake Well Park On this site "Col." Edwin Drake struck oil Aug. 27, 1859; the birth of the petroleum industry. At Drake Well Museum, 202 Museum Ln., SE of Titusville
facts	sfw	Dry Run Cemetery Opposite on the bluff at Penns Creek lay Buffalo Valley's pioneer cemetery. Abandoned 1791 after a generation of use, it held graves of veterans of the French and Indian War and of the Revolution. Wildwood Rd. (PA 304), ~1 mile W of New Berlin (Missing)
facts	sfw	Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
facts	sfw	Durham Furnace Built 1727. Original site at Durham. In blast until 1789, it made cannon and shot in the colonial wars and Revolution. One-time owners included James Logan and George Taylor. PA 212 where 2 Durham Rds. intersect opposite Mine Hill Rd., Durham
facts	sfw	During the Boston Tea Party, 342 chests of tea were thrown into the harbor.
facts	sfw	Dutch Settlers First European settlers in this region were Dutch who came over the "Old Mine Road," traveling from the Hudson to the Delaware. Crossing at Walpack Bend, they then used this road, oldest in Monroe County. 2028 River Rd. (LR 45012), 6.7 miles NE of Shawnee
facts	sfw	Each year, the Moon moves away from Earth by about four centimeters.
facts	sfw	Each year, the average American eats about 15 pounds of apples.
facts	sfw	Each year, the average person walks the distance from NY to Miami.
facts	sfw	Eagle Ironworks At nearby Curtin, making iron was begun about 1810 by Roland Curtin. The last old-style furnace in the U.S. was in blast here and ceased operation in 1922. N Eagle Valley Rd. (PA 150), just NE of Curtin Rd. (SR1003) ~3 miles NE of Milesburg
facts	sfw	Early Architecture This one and a half story house is typical of the architecture during the period of early settlement of Lancaster, dating from 1730. Most of the local houses in 1800 were of this style. 28 N. Water St., Lancaster
facts	sfw	Early Bible In a log cabin located on this site, Charles Frederick Goeb printed a Bible in 1813. It was the first Bible printed west of the Allegheny Mountains. 151 W Main St., at Somerset Trust Co., Somerset
facts	sfw	Early Grist Mill Just west of here is the site of mill built in 1747 by Abram Nanna. It supplied flour for the Continental army during the encampment at Valley Forge. Mill operated till 1895, when it was razed by fire. PA 320 at Gulph Mills (Missing)
facts	sfw	Early Refinery The first refinery in the Oil Creek Region for crude petroleum was built nearby in 1860. The first run of oil was made in 1861. Oil was first refined at Pittsburgh, about 1854, by Samuel Kier. E Main St. (PA 27) near E Spring St., Titusville
facts	sfw	Early Telegraph First commercial telegraph line in the U.S. ran along this railroad right-of-way. Completed from Lancaster to Harrisburg, 1845. The first message, "Why don't you write, you rascals?" was received, Jan.8, 1846. W Main St. (PA 230), just W of Mt. Joy
facts	sfw	Early football fields were painted with both horizontal and vertical lines, creating a pattern that resembled a gridiron.
facts	sfw	Easton Key center of travel, trade and industry at the Forks of the Delaware since the days of the Indian. Laid out in 1752 by William Parsons. Site of several Indian peace councils. The home of Lafayette College. Knox Ave. (PA 115) at N city line
facts	sfw	Easton Key center of travel, trade and industry at the Forks of the Delaware since the days of the Indian. Laid out in 1752 by William Parsons. Site of several Indian peace councils. The home of Lafayette College. N Delaware Dr. (PA 611) at N city line
facts	sfw	Easton Key center of travel, trade and industry at the Forks of the Delaware since the days of the Indian. Laid out in 1752 by William Parsons. Site of several Indian peace councils. The home of Lafayette College. US 22 at 13th St. (Missing)
facts	sfw	Easton Key center of travel, trade and industry at the Forks of the Delaware since the days of the Indian. Laid out in 1752 by William Parsons. Site of several Indian peace councils. The home of Lafayette College. US 611 S of Easton (Missing)
facts	sfw	Edward Acheson The eminent American chemist was born in this house with the round corner, 1856. Was awarded many medals for his invention of carborundum, artificial graphite, and other valuable products of the electric furnace. SW corner of Main & Maiden Sts., Washington
facts	sfw	Edwin L. Drake The man who sank the first oil well is buried in Woodlawn Cemetery, and is commemorated by Niehaus's bronze figure of "The Driller." Drake Well is now a State park, a mile and a half south of Titusville. PA 8 near Woodlawn Cemetery, Titusville
facts	sfw	Elephants are capable of swimming 20 miles per day.
facts	sfw	Elephants are the only mammals that can't jump.
facts	sfw	Elephants only sleep 2 hours a day.
facts	sfw	Eleven of the 50 U.S. states are named after an actual person.
facts	sfw	Elisha McCurdy The great Presbyterian revivalist is buried here where he served as pastor 46 years. At Cross Roads and Upper Buffalo he led, in Nov., 1802, the Great Revival meetings attended by many thousands from near and far. at cemetery, Steubenville Pk. near PA 18, Florence
facts	sfw	Elizabeth Here were the boatyards of John and Samuel Walker, a major center for building boats for western waters. A ship launched in 1793 at these yards reached Philadelphia via New Orleans. Between exit ramp of PA 51 and Elizabeth Bridge, Elizabeth
facts	sfw	Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backward.
facts	sfw	Endocarp is the edible pulp inside a lemon.
facts	sfw	Ephrata Cloister Surviving buildings of the famous Ephrata community of Seventh Day Baptists, founded by Conrad Beissel, 1732. Turn to the right here to see this State historic shrine. PA 272N, just SW of US 322 overpass, Ephrata
facts	sfw	Ephrata Cloister Surviving buildings of the famous Ephrata community of Seventh Day Baptists, founded by Conrad Beissel, 1732. Turn to the right here to see this State historic shrine. PA 272S, just NE of US 322 overpass, Ephrata
facts	sfw	Ephrata Cloister Surviving restored buildings of the Seventh Day Baptist community founded by Conrad Beissel. Original buildings erected between 1735 and 1749. Administered by the Pennsylvania Historical & Museum Commission. At site entrance on US 322, Ephrata
facts	sfw	Episcopal Square This square was set apart by the Penns in 1751 for the Church of England; in continuous use since that time by St. John's Episcopal Church. In 1752, the first church building was erected. NE corner, High & Hanover Sts., Carlisle
facts	sfw	Erie Extension Canal By this channel Conneaut Lake, raised 9 feet above normal level, fed water to the canal at its highest point, the junction of the Shenango and Conneaut Lines, about 2 miles west from here. The canal was in use 1844 to 1871. PA 618 S of Conneaut Lake Park
facts	sfw	Erie Extension Canal Part of the old channel lies near the highway. The Conneaut Line, from Erie to near Conneaut Lake, was begun by the State, 1838, and completed by the Erie Canal Company, 1843-44. Canal in use until 1871. PA 18 N of Conneautville - Missing
facts	sfw	Erie Extension Canal Route of travel and trade, Pittsburgh to Great Lakes, 1840-1871. The old canal bed may be seen here in Clarksville and for about four miles eastward along the road to Mercer. Wasser Bridge Rd. (SR 4003) just E of Pa. 18, S of Greenville (Missing)
facts	sfw	Erie The State's only lake port, bought with Erie Triangle, 1792. Laid out in 1795 by Ellicott and Irvine. Site of French, British and U.S. forts. Perry built his fleet here in 1813. Peach St. (US 19) near Robison Rd., across from gas stn., just S of Erie
facts	sfw	Erie The State's only lake port, bought with Erie Triangle, 1792. Laid out in 1795 by Ellicott and Irvine. Site of French, British and U.S. forts. Perry built his fleet here in 1813. Pittsburgh Ave. (US 20) near ramp to 79S, W of Erie
facts	sfw	Erie The State's only lake port, bought with Erie Triangle, 1792. Laid out in 1795 by Ellicott and Irvine. Site of French, British, and U.S. forts. Perry built his fleet here in 1813. US 20 near Knoll Ave., E end of Erie (Missing)
facts	sfw	Espy House Built about 1771. It was the headquarters of George Washington in October, 1794, when he came to Bedford to review troops assembled here to quell Whiskey Rebellion in western part of the State. E. Pitt St. between Juliana & Richard Sts., Bedford
facts	sfw	Evangelical Church The first church built by "Albright's People," later the Evangelical Association, was erected in New Berlin in 1816. It was the first Evangelical Church in the United States. The site is marked by a monument. PA 304 at Front St., just W of New Berlin
facts	sfw	Even though it is nearly twice as far away from the Sun as Mercury, Venus is by far the hottest planet.
facts	sfw	Every hour more than one billion cells in the body must be replaced.
facts	sfw	Every state except Maine, Alaska, and Hawaii is home to at least one species of venomous snake.
facts	sfw	Every ton of recycled paper saves about 17 trees.
facts	sfw	Executive Mansion The first official Governor's mansion stood at this site. Purchased in 1858, it housed only two governors, Packer and Curtin. It was sold in 1864 when the second mansion, "Keystone Hall," was acquired. 101 S. 2nd St. (at Chestnut), Harrisburg
facts	sfw	Falling Spring Church Founded 1734; main part of present church built 1803. One of the Presbyterian churches marking the first great settlement of Scotch-Irish pioneers west of the Susquehanna. Philadelphia Ave. (US 11) at church, 3+ blocks N of Square, Chambersburg
facts	sfw	Farmington, Maine celebrates Chester Greenwood Day to honor the inventor of earmuffs.
facts	sfw	Federal Inn Site of Federal Inn, erected about 1754. George Washington, with military escort, was a guest here, October, 1794, when on his way to muster an armed force to suppress the Whiskey Rebellion. 445 Penn St., Penn Sq., Reading
facts	sfw	Federal law once allowed the government to quarantine people who came in contact with aliens.
facts	sfw	Ferret comes from the Latin word for little thief.
facts	sfw	Ferris Wheel Inventor Civil Engineer, George Washington Gale Ferris (1859-1896), lived at 204 Arch Street. He designed and constructed the world's first Ferris Wheel for the Columbian Exposition in 1892. Arch St., Pittsburgh
facts	sfw	Field Hospital Wounded of the Sixth U.S. Cavalry and Sixth Virginia Cavalry C.S.A. were cared for in this church building after a severe engagement that took place two miles north of here on July 3, 1863. Pa. 116 (Main St.) at St. John Lutheran Church, Fairfield
facts	sfw	First Aid Pioneer Here in 1899 Dr. Matthew J. Shields organized first aid for mine workers. From it grew the plan of Red Cross industrial first aid, which he helped establish. Dr. Shields died in Scranton January 23, 1939. Bus. US 6 & PA 107, near bridge next to guardrail, Jermyn
facts	sfw	First Iron Bridge The first iron truss bridge in the U.S. was built in 1845 in the Philadelphia & Reading Railroad blacksmith shop, just south of here. It was designed for the railroad in 1844 by Richard B. Osborne. SE corner, High (SR4031) & York Sts., Pottstown
facts	sfw	First Presbyterian Church Oldest public building in Carlisle; erection begun, 1757. Here colonists met in 1774 to declare for independence, and George Washington worshipped, 1794. Congregation organized at Meeting House Springs in 1734. NW corner, High & Hanover Sts., Carlisle
facts	sfw	First Reformed Church Congregation organized 1745. This building, enlarged and restored, was erected, 1776. Scene of Indian Treaty, 1777. During the Revolutionary War, it was used as a military hospital. N. 3rd St. at Church St., Easton
facts	sfw	Fish can drown.
facts	sfw	Fish cough.
facts	sfw	Fish have eyelids.
facts	sfw	Fisher House This home, built 1801 by Henry Fisher, is a fine example of late Georgian architecture. Brought from the British Isles, this style is reflected in old homes of eastern and southern Pennsylvania. Memorial Hwy. (PA 622), 1.4 miles N of Yellow House
facts	sfw	Flamingos can only eat with their heads upside down.
facts	sfw	Flamingos turn pink from eating shrimp.
facts	sfw	Flying fish leap out of the water at 20 mph or more, and can glide for over 500 feet.
facts	sfw	For every human being in the world there is approximately one chicken.
facts	sfw	Forbes Camp Near here was located Shawnee Cabins camp. Used by Gen. Forbes army in the campaign of 1758 against the French at Fort Duquesne in present Pittsburgh. US 30 near Graham Ave., W of Schellsburg
facts	sfw	Forbes Road (Fort Juniata) At the Juniata Crossings, half a mile north of here, General Forbes erected a small stockade in 1758 to protect the communications of his army moving west to attack Fort Duquesne. US 30, 2 miles W of Breezewood
facts	sfw	Forbes Road - Bouquet's Breastworks The last base of General Forbes' army. After crossing nearly "two hundred miles of wild and unknown country," the army entered Fort Duquesne on Nov. 25, 1758. SR 2066 (Old Frankstown Rd.), at Boyce Park Admin. Bldg., Monroeville
facts	sfw	Forbes Road - Eastern Slope ... of the Allegheny Mountains. At this point the Forbes Road leads northward to Fort Dewart. 15 miles from Fort Bedford. Rt. 30, at curve opposite Old Shot Factory, just E of Somerset Co. line
facts	sfw	Forbes Road - Stony Creek Encampment A fortified supply depot known as the Stony Creek encampment or fort was a little north of here. The route then leads north to the foot of Laurel Hill, the site of Tomahawk camp. Lincoln Hwy. (US 30) at Whistler Rd. (SR 403), E of Stoystown
facts	sfw	Forbes Road This intersection marks the point where Forbes Road of 1758 diverged from the path cut by Col. Burd in 1755. The Forbes Road led through the wilderness west toward Ligonier from this point. Jct. Lincoln Hwy. (US 30) & Allegheny Rd.) PA 31, ~4 miles W of Bedford
facts	sfw	Forbes Road, 1758, Fort Bedford to Fort Duquesne - 12 Mile Run Encampment (PLAQUE) One-half mile west of this marker Forbes Road takes a northerly course to Crab Tree Bottom thence westward toward Turtle Creek Defile. Old Ligonier Hwy., ~12 miles S of Ligonier
facts	sfw	Forbes Road, 1758, Fort Bedford to Fort Duquesne - Edmond's Swamp (PLAQUE) The fort stood a few rods west of this marker. The Forbes Road leads westward to Stony Creek Encampment 10.5 miles from Fort Bedford. next to 787 Monument Rd., ~2 mi. W of Central City
facts	sfw	Forbes Road, 1758, Fort Bedford to Fort Duquesne - Shawnee Cabins Encampment (PLAQUE) At this point the Forbes Road leads Southwestward to the Eastern Slope of the Allegheny Mountains, 8 1/2 miles from Fort Bedford. US 30 at W edge of Schellsburg
facts	sfw	Forbes Road, 1758, Fort Bedford to Fort Duquesne - Tomahawk Encampment (PLAQUE) At foot of Laurel Hill the Forbes Road leads northwestward to Fort Ligonier 35.5 miles from Fort Bedford. Corner of Kline's Mill Rd. (SR4027) & Sliding Rock Rd., NW of Jennerstown
facts	sfw	Forbes Road, 1758, Fort Bedford to Fort Duquesne - Turtle Creek Defile (PLAQUE) Two and one-half miles to the eastward was located the Washington Camp. The Forbes Road leads northwestward to the Bouquet Encampment, 89 miles from Fort Bedford. 3890 Old Wm. Penn Hwy., Murrysville
facts	sfw	Fort Allen A little south, site of post built 1774 by Pennsylvania German pioneers of Brush Creek and Harrold's settlements. A refuge from the Indians in Dunmore's War and American Revolution. PA 136 at Baltzer Meyer Pk. (SR 3097), Hempfield Twp, SW of Greensburg
facts	sfw	Fort Allen Built in 1756 by the Province of Pennsylvania. One of a series of frontier defenses erected during the French and Indian War. The site was within present Weissport. U.S. 209 in Franklin Twp. (near Weissport), near Wachovia Bank
facts	sfw	Fort Allen Well Only remaining part of Fort Allen, which was built by the Province of Pennsylvania, 1756, under the supervision of Benjamin Franklin. The well, now restored, is located directly behind houses opposite. Park opposite 112-116 Franklin St., Weissport
facts	sfw	Fort Antes Built 1776 by Col. Henry Antes. Site on the opposite side of the river at the mouth of Antes Creek. Nearby was Antes Mill, first in the region. The stockade was abandoned during the Great Runaway; burned by Indians. Main & Seminary Sts., Jersey Shore
facts	sfw	Fort Augusta Built in 1756-57 by Cols. Burd and Clapham and the key frontier outpost of the region. Mansion built 1852. N Front St. (PA 147) just S of John St., at site (and Co. Hist. Soc.), Sunbury
facts	sfw	Fort Bigham The site of this stockaded blockhouse is a few miles west in Tuscarora Valley. Built about 1754 to protect traders and settlers in this region. In 1756 it was destroyed by Indians. William Penn Hwy. (SR 3001) at Industrial Park Rd. (PA 75), ~.8 mile NW of Mexico
facts	sfw	Fort Chambers Erected in 1756 by Col. Benjamin Chambers, pioneer land-owner and founder of the town, who fortified his house and mill with stockade and cannon against Indians. W. King St. at Conococheague Creek, W of US 11, Chambersburg
facts	sfw	Fort Couch Remains of breastworks, at Eighth and Ohio Streets, built before the battle of Gettysburg, to oppose the expected Southern drive on Harrisburg. June 29, 1863, a few Confederate scouts neared here but withdrew. Ohio St. at W Park Ave., Lemoyne
facts	sfw	Fort Davis Built about 1755, on land of Philip Davis. Farthest south in this State of a line of settlers' refuges from Indian attacks. The site is about a mile away. Welsh Run Rd. (PA 995) at Bain Rd. (near Church of Brethren at Welsh Run)
facts	sfw	Fort Duquesne Begun here April, 1754, by French after taking Virginia's fort. Key French position on the Ohio and base for raids on frontier after 1755. Burned by French before Forbes' army occupied it, November, 1758. Point State Park, Pittsburgh
facts	sfw	Fort Durkee First fort built by the Connecticut settlers; begun in April 1769. Used during the first Pennamite War against Pennsylvania authorities, 1769-71. It stood 1000 feet from Ft. Wyoming. River St. near South St., Wilkes-Barre
facts	sfw	Fort Franklin Built in 1756 as defense from Indian attacks. Named for Benjamin Franklin, who ordered construction. It was of limited use; abandoned in 1757. The Fort stood a short distance above present highway. 2308 W Penn Pike (PA 309) near Blue Mtn. Dr., SE of Snyders
facts	sfw	Fort Franklin Site just west of here. Built in 1787 by U.S. troops under Captain Heart. First American fort in the region and base for protecting northwestern Pennsylvania's early settlements. 13th St. (US 322) & Franklin Ave., Franklin (at bridge over French Creek)
facts	sfw	Fort Gaddis Built by Thomas Gaddis about 1764 on the Catawba trail, as a place of refuge from the Indians. Gaddis was later a colonel in the Pennsylvania Continental Line during the Revolution. SR 3019 (old U.S. 119), 2 miles S of Uniontown
facts	sfw	Fort Granville Erected in 1755-56 along the river just south. An important link in the chain of early frontier defenses. Destroyed July 30, 1756 by French and Indians under Capt. Coulon de Villiers. 1200 W. 4th St. (U.S. 22 & 522), Lewistown
facts	sfw	Fort Halifax - PLAQUE One of the chain of frontier defenses of the province of Pennsylvania in the French and Indian Wars stood 500 feet to the west. Built 1756 by its commander Colonel William Clapham. Route 147, 1/2 mile N of Halifax, W side
facts	sfw	Fort Halifax Just west of this point stood Fort Halifax. It was built in 1756 by Col. William Clapham, and was one of the chain of frontier forts built to protect settlers in this region during French and Indian War days. Pa. 147, .5 mile N of Halifax
facts	sfw	Fort Henry Built 1756; garrisoned during the French and Indian War by troops under Capt. Christian Busse. Pennsylvania's major frontier defense east of Ft. Augusta (Sunbury). The site is 3/4 mile to the northwest. Lancaster Ave. (PA 501) at Ft. Henry Rd., 2 miles N of Bethel
facts	sfw	Fort Hill Archaeological study of the flat-top hill across the valley revealed two palisaded Indian villages with extensive house and burial remains, all dating from the Discovery Period. Kingwood Rd. (PA 281), Lwr. Turkey Ft. Twp., 3 miles NE of Ursina
facts	sfw	Fort Horn A defensive log house outpost, stockaded in 1777. Located on high ground on the south bank, opposite this spot, it commanded the Susquehanna. Abandoned in the Great Runaway of 1778. PA 150, just NE of McElhatten Dr., Lock Haven (Missing)
facts	sfw	Fort Hyndshaw Built in 1756 by order of the Province of Pennsylvania. Northernmost of a line of defenses erected during the French and Indian War. US 209 at Community Dr., SW of Bushkill
facts	sfw	Fort Jackson Refuge from Indians during Revolutionary period. In 1774, it was a stockade cabin; later it became a square-shaped system of settlers' cabins joined by palisades. Site is 200 yards SW. E High St. at Woodland Ave., Waynesburg (Missing)
facts	sfw	Fort Lafayette Stood on this site. It was completed in 1792. Built to protect Pittsburgh against Indian attacks and to serve as a chief supply base for Gen. Wayne's army, 1792-94. Reactivated during the War of 1812. Site sold in 1813. 9th St. just N of Penn Ave., Pittsburgh
facts	sfw	Fort LeBoeuf Memorial The Judson House, built in 1820, stands on the site of the old French fort. This was the scene of Washington's first public mission. at Judson Hs., S High St. (US 19) just S of 1st St., Waterford
facts	sfw	Fort LeBoeuf Three forts have stood on this site. French fort, built 1753 to guard road into Ohio Valley, abandoned 1759. British fort, built 1760, burned by Indians, 1763. American fort built to protect settlers, 1794. at museum, S High St. (US 19) just S of 1s St., Waterford
facts	sfw	Fort Lebanon One of a line of defenses erected about 1755 to ward off Indian raids after Braddock's defeat. Called Fort William in 1758. The site is marked on the side road just below here. Market St. (PA 895) at Ft. Lebanon Rd., NE of Auburn
facts	sfw	Fort Littleton - PLAQUE One of Pennsylvania's defenses against the French and Indians stood on this knoll built 1756 by GOVERNOR ROBERT HUNTER MORRIS. US 522, 1.2 mile from intersection at Fort Littleton
facts	sfw	Fort Loudon Built 1756 by Provincial government. Start of Forbes' expedition to take Ft. Duquesne, 1758. In 1765 colonists under James Smith forced the withdrawal of a British garrison from the fort. US 30 & Brooklyn Rd., ~1 mile E of Fort Loudon (Missing)
facts	sfw	Fort Machault Built by the French in 1756 to guard the route to the Ohio, it was evacuated and burned by them after the siege and fall of Fort Niagara in 1759. Site of fort is one block south. NE corner of Elk St. & 8th St. (US 322), Franklin
facts	sfw	Fort Mason Built as a blockhouse in 1774-78 by John Mason. It was a settler's refuge in Revolutionary days. Site of the fort was nearby. Later rebuilt on Main Street as a dwelling. S Main St. at Middle Ave. walkway, Masontown
facts	sfw	Fort McCord Built by the settlers; named for John McCord. Burnt April 1, 1756, by Indians, who killed or carried into captivity 27 persons. The site is marked, about 500 ft. away. ~2.5 miles NE of Edenville on Ft. McCord Rd.(SR 4008) at Rumler Rd.
facts	sfw	Fort McDowell John McDowell's mill, stockaded in 1755 by local settlers. Used by Provincial authorities until building of Ft. Loudon, 1756. Starting point of Col. Burd's road to the West, 1755. PA 416 at Markes, junction of Mercersburg & Lemar Rds.
facts	sfw	Fort Morris - PLAQUE Erected in November 1755 by Col. James Burd, and used as one of the chain of forts to protect the frontiers during the period of Indian hostility following the defeat of General Edward Braddock. Shippensburg
facts	sfw	Fort Necessity Col. George Washington on May 29, 1754 began a fort here. July 4 he surrendered to a superior force of French. Fort Necessity Park includes the historic area and reconstructed fort. US 40, at site
facts	sfw	Fort Norris Built in 1756 by the Province of Pennsylvania. One of a series of frontier defenses erected during the French and Indian War. The site was about a mile distant. US 209, .3 mi. N of PA 534, at elementary schl. entrance, Kresgeville
facts	sfw	Fort Pitt Blockhouse One of Fort Pitt's outworks, this blockhouse or redoubt stood near the western bastions and is the only surviving structure of that fort. Built in 1764 by Col. Henry Bouquet. Point State Park, next to the Blockhouse, Pittsburgh
facts	sfw	Fort Pitt Built by the English, 1759-61, to replace Mercer's Fort of 1758-59. Named for Prime Minister William Pitt of Great Britain. British stronghold in Ohio Valley and center for settlement. Point State Park, Pittsburgh
facts	sfw	Fort Prince George Name intended for fort begun here by Virginia force early in 1754 on site noted by Washington as "well situated for a Fort." Captured by the French, April 17, 1754, before its completion. Point State Park, Pittsburgh
facts	sfw	Fort Reed William Reed's stockaded house was the westernmost defense for Susquehanna Valley settlers. The site of the pioneer outpost is a few blocks ahead at the monument near the bridge. W Main St. at intersection with 6th St. and W Water St. (PA 120), Lock Haven
facts	sfw	Fort Roberdeau The Revolutionary fort site is located a few miles from here. Built 1778 by Daniel Roberdeau to protect lead mines in Sinking Valley which supplied the Continental army. PA 453 / Truck PA 45 & Kettle Rd., near Union Furnace and just outside Blair Co. (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Fort Roberdeau The Revolutionary fort site is located a few miles from here. Built 1778 by Daniel Roberdeau to protect lead mines in Sinking Valley which supplied the Continental army. Skelp Mountain Rd., off I-99 Exit 41, Bellwood
facts	sfw	Fort Robinson Pioneers' stronghold built 1755 on lands of George Robinson; in use for several years as refuge from Indian attacks. The site was about a mile away on the side road. Sherman's Valley Rd. (PA 274), just E of Ft. Robinson Rd. (PA 850), 2.1 miles W of Loysville
facts	sfw	Fort Shirley Built 1755-56 by George Croghan. First a stockade and then a major link in the frontier fort chain west of the Susquehanna. Base for the Armstrong expedition, 1756. Site on opposite knoll. U.S. 522 at N end Shirleysburg
facts	sfw	Fort Standing Stone Built to protect the settlers against Indian raids. In July, 1778, Continental troops and Militia were ordered here as part of plan of defense against Indian attacks. Old Fort stood 200 yds. south, at Stone Creek and the Juniata. Penn St., Huntingdon
facts	sfw	Fort Sullivan Here, between the Chemung and Susquehanna commanding both rivers, Gen. John Sullivan built a fort Aug. 18, 1779. With a camp on the flats, it was base for the central N.Y. campaign and defeat of the Tory-Indian alliance. PA 199 & S Main St., south end of Athens
facts	sfw	Fort Swan Site of early fort is 1.3 miles east of here. It was built in 1774 as a protection against Indian raids. Seven years before, 1767, the first settlers -- Swan, Van Meter, Hughes, Hupp -- crossed the Monongahela River into this area. PA 88, S of Dry Tavern (Missing)
facts	sfw	Fort Venango To assert control over the area, Fort Venango was built near this point by the British in 1760. The fort was attacked and destroyed by Indians in 1763 during Pontiac's uprising. SE corner of Elk St. and 8th St. (US 322), Franklin
facts	sfw	Fort Wadell One of a line of forts built by settlers in this region for refuge from Indian attacks following Braddock's defeat in 1755. It stood just to the north. US 30, just E of junction PA 416 junction, ~1 mile W of St. Thomas
facts	sfw	Fort Wyoming Built by Pennsylvania, 1771; seized by Connecticut settlers. Rebuilt 1778. Mobilization camp for Sullivan's army, 1779. Destroyed 1784, after withdrawal of the Continental and Pennsylvania garrisons. River St. near South St., Wilkes-Barre
facts	sfw	Fort Zeller The State's oldest existing fort is half a mile to the north. Pioneers who came to the Tulpehocken from the Schoharie valley built it in 1723, rebuilt it in 1745. It was used as a place of refuge during Indian wars. PA 419 (Main St.) at Ft. Zeller Rd., Newmanstown
facts	sfw	Forty Fort Named for the forty Connecticut settlers of 1769. Begun in 1770. The Wyoming Massacre followed its surrender to Maj. Butler's force of British, Tories, and Indians, July 4, 1778. US 11 (Wyoming Ave.) & River St., Forty Fort
facts	sfw	Forty is the only number whose letters are in alphabetical order.
facts	sfw	Forty percent of twins invent their own language.
facts	sfw	Four Corners, AZ, is the only place where a person can stand in 4 states at the same time.
facts	sfw	Frances E.W. Harper (1825-1911) An author, lecturer, and social activist, Harper lived here and devoted her life to championing the rights of slaves and free Blacks. She advocated education as a way of advancement for Black Americans. 1006 Bainbridge St., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Franklin Roosevelt was related to 5 U.S. Presidents by blood and 6 by marriage.
facts	sfw	Frankstown Path The path turned south, up the Frankstown Branch of Juniata. The Warriors Path from Great Island came in at Water Street, so named because the river bed was used as a passage through Tusseys Mountain. US 22 at Water Street, PA (town name)
facts	sfw	Freedom Forge Iron and steel have been made here for over 150 years. Freedom Forge, 1795, became Freedom Iron and Steel Co., 1867. The third Bessemer plant in nation. Open hearth steel first made here in 1895. S Logan Blvd. near Freedom Ave., Burnham
facts	sfw	French Creek Feeder The canal bed beside the road is part of a channel constructed 1827-1834 to take water from Meadville to Conneaut Lake for the Erie Extension Canal. Two miles below here the Feeder crossed the creek by aqueduct. US 322 S of Meadville
facts	sfw	French Creek The Riviere aux Boeufs of the French, renamed by George Washington in 1753. It had an important part in the French and Indian War and the settlement of northwestern Pennsylvania. 200 W Adams St. (PA 173), near bridge, Cochranton, S of Meadville
facts	sfw	French Creek The Riviere aux Boeufs of the French, renamed by George Washington in 1753. It had an important part in the French and Indian War and the settlement of northwestern Pennsylvania. Perry Hwy. (US 19), between Church Rd. and US 6, S of Waterford
facts	sfw	French author Michel Thayer published a 233 page novel which has no verbs.
facts	sfw	Fresh apples float because 25 percent of their volume is air.
facts	sfw	Fresh cranberries can be bounced like a rubber ball.
facts	sfw	Frogs cannot swallow with their eyes open.
facts	sfw	Frogs never drink.
facts	sfw	Frowning burns more calories than smiling.
facts	sfw	Galapagos turtles can take up to three weeks to digest a meal.
facts	sfw	Gallitzin Spring The spring opposite here was a favorite stopping place of Prince Gallitzin, famous Catholic missionary and founder of the Loretto settlement. He was often known as Father Smith. Old US 22, 2 miles E of Cambria Co. line
facts	sfw	Galusha Grow Father of the Homestead Act, opening western lands to free settlement in 1862, Speaker of the House, 1861-63. Returned to Congress 1893-1903. Retired to his home, which stood on this site, until his death in 1907. PA 92 just N of PA 374, Glenwood
facts	sfw	Galusha Grow Father of the Homestead Act, opening western lands to free settlement in 1862. Speaker of the House, 1861-63; Returned to Congress 1893-1903. Educated at Franklin Academy, Harford, and buried in this cemetery. PA 547 at cemetery, Harford
facts	sfw	Gantz Oil Well Site of first oil well in Washington County. Oil was struck in Dec., 1884. First oil was shipped in 1885; last oil was pumped about 1916. This well led to the development of the Washington oil field. W. Chestnut St. at Brookside Ave., Washington
facts	sfw	Gemeinhaus Erected in 1741. First place of worship in Bethlehem was on the second floor. Count von Zinzendorf had quarters here, 1742. Place of many notable conferences in the Colonial and Revolutionary periods. 66 W. Church St., Bethlehem
facts	sfw	Gen. Andrew Porter Revolutionary War officer; surveyor of western and northern State boundaries, 1784-87; Surveyor-General, 1809-13. Born near here, 1743; died at Harrisburg, 1813. His home, "Selma," is marked, a block distant. W. Main & Selma Sts., Norristown
facts	sfw	Gen. Horatio Gates This building was the residence of Gen. Gates in 1778. At that time he was President of Board of War. It was said that the "Conway Cabal" was thwarted here by Lafayette's loyalty to Washington. W. Market St. between Pershing Ave. & Beaver St., York
facts	sfw	Gen. John Armstrong "Hero of Kittanning," Revolutionary officer, member of Continental Congress, County Judge, lived in a house on this site. Died at Carlisle, 1795. Buried in Old Graveyard, two blocks south. NE corner, High & Bedford Sts., Carlisle
facts	sfw	Gen. Wayne Headquarters Building erected in Colonial Period was headquarters of Gen. Anthony Wayne while his command was in York, Feb.-May, 1781, awaiting orders to join Lafayette in the Yorktown Campaign. NW corner, Market & Beaver Sts., York
facts	sfw	Gen. William Irvine Early Carlisle physician, member of Provincial Convention, Revolutionary officer, commander at Fort Pitt, occupied house that stood on this site before 1800. SE corner, High & Bedford Sts., Carlisle
facts	sfw	General Lafayette On July 26, 1825 after visiting the Battlefield of Brandywine, General Lafayette came to West Chester, and from a point one and one-half blocks east of here, he reviewed troops parading in his honor. NW corner, N. Church & W. Lafayette Sts., West Chester
facts	sfw	General Sir William Howe The British commander had headquarters Sept. 18-20, 1777, at present Valley Brook Farm, before his capture of Philadelphia. Quarters of Gen. Charles Scott of Virginia in winter of Valley Forge, 1777-8. US 202, 2.9 miles NE of Paoli (Missing)
facts	sfw	General Tasker H. Bliss Chief of Staff of the U.S. Army during the first World War and military counselor to President Wilson at the Versailles Peace Conference, was born in this house on December 31, 1853. 115 S. Front St., Lewisburg
facts	sfw	Gentoo penguins propose to their life mates with a pebble.
facts	sfw	George Catlin The great painter of Indian portraits was born here July 26, 1796, of Connecticut ancestry. Until 1823 he practiced law here and nearby. He began painting Indian pictures six years later. River & South Sts., Wilkes-Barre
facts	sfw	George Ross Soldier, ardent patriot, jurist, and a Signer of the Declaration of Independence; settled at Lancaster about 1751. Site of his country house, now marked by monument, is on Ross Street, nine blocks north. Died, 1779. SW corner, King & Lime Sts., Lancaster
facts	sfw	George Taylor One of the Signers of the Declaration of Independence, member of Continental Congress, ironmaster, lived in this house built in 1757 by William Parsons, Surveyor-General. First occupied by Parsons. NE corner of 4th & Ferry Sts., Easton
facts	sfw	George Washington Here George Washington reviewed militia from Pennsylvania and New Jersey, rendezvoused at Carlisle, October 1794, before marching to the Western part of State to quell the Whiskey Rebellion. W High & West Sts., Carlisle
facts	sfw	George Washington Washington bought nearly 200 acres of land in this vicinity in 1770. The grist mill, built about 1774 at his order, was almost a mile from here. Its ruins are still observable. PA 51 in Perryopolis (Missing)
facts	sfw	George Washington feared being buried alive.
facts	sfw	George Washington had false teeth made of gold, ivory, and lead - but never wood.
facts	sfw	George Washington took the oath of office in New York City in 1789.
facts	sfw	George Washington was the only unanimously elected President.
facts	sfw	George Westinghouse Inventor of air brake and 400 other devices. Developed AC transmission of electric current. Spent creative years in Pittsburgh and founded the industry which bears his name. US 30 at E end of George Westinghouse Bridge over Turtle Creek, Turtle Creek (MISSING)
facts	sfw	George Westinghouse Inventor of air brake and some 400 other devices. Developed AC transmission of electric current. Spent creative years in Pittsburgh and founded the industry which bears his name. US 30 at W end of George Westinghouse Bridge over Turtle Creek, Turtle Creek
facts	sfw	George Wolf Congressman; Governor for two terms, 1829-35, was born on a nearby farm on Aug. 12, 1777. His fame rests on his support of the Free School Act of 1834, foundation of the public school system of the State. Nor Both Blvd. (PA 329) near Jacksonville Rd., SW of Bath
facts	sfw	Gettys Crossroads and Tavern Here the Shippensburg-Baltimore and the Philadelphia-Pittsburgh Roads crossed. Near the crossroads, stood the tavern of Samuel Gettys. In 1775, troops gathered here for Continental service. 44 York St., Gettysburg
facts	sfw	Gettysburg Address Nearby, Nov. 19, 1863, in dedicating the National Cemetery, Abraham Lincoln gave the address which he had written in Washington and revised after his arrival at Gettysburg the evening of November 18. PA 134 (Taneytown Rd.) at entrance to National Cemetery
facts	sfw	Gettysburg Campaign Gen. George G. Meade, who had replaced Hooker as Union commander, June 28, 1863, traveled this road from Taneytown to Gettysburg the night of July 1. He made his headquarters just south of Gettysburg. Taneytown Rd. (PA 134), .7 mile north of state line
facts	sfw	Gettysburg Campaign Gen. J.E.B. Stuart's Southern cavalry arrived July 1, 1863, by Dover and Dillsburg. Finding Ewell had left the day before, Stuart burned the U.S. Barracks and left for Gettysburg, where the battle had begun. PA 74 just E of Carlisle near I-81
facts	sfw	Gettysburg Campaign Gen. Rodes' Confederate troops marched down this road July 1, 1863, on their way from Carlisle. At this point they turned right along the ridge to Oak Hill, to attack the Union flank. Herrs Ridge & Biglerville (PA 34) Rds., 3 miles N of Gettysburg
facts	sfw	Gettysburg Campaign Gen. Rodes' Confederate troops, returning from Carlisle to join Lee's army, camped here the night of June 30. The next morning, July 1, they marched west toward Biglerville, then known as Middletown. SR 3001 (old Rt. 15), just north of Heidlersburg
facts	sfw	Gettysburg Campaign June 28, 1863, Confederate Gen. Gordon's brigade of Early's division followed this route through York to Wrightsville. Early's main force remained here until June 30, when it left to rejoin Lee's army. PA 462 (old US 30), John & W Market Sts., W of York
facts	sfw	Gettysburg Campaign Part of General Jubal Early's Confederate Division, marching by Mummasburg and Hunterstown, passed here June 27, 1863, on the way to York. Returning June 30, they passed a little to the north, toward Heidlersburg. PA 394 just west of PA 94, Hampton
facts	sfw	Gettysburg Campaign The Union Army 11th Corps, crossing from the Emmitsburg Road, July 1, 1863, turned north here toward Gettysburg. The Union 2nd Corps camped here on the same night. PA 134 at SR 1002 (Taneytown & Greenmount Rds.), N of Barlow, at Barlow Fire Co.
facts	sfw	Gettysburg Campaign The Union Army 12th Corps arrived here the afternoon of July 1, 1863; and later moved into battle line on Culp's Hill. On July 2, the 6th Corps arrived by this same road, and the 5th Corps by the Hanover Road. Baltimore Pike (US 97), ~2 miles SE of Gettysburg
facts	sfw	Gettysburg Campaign The Union Army 1st Corps camped here June 30, 1863, on the way to Gettysburg. Followed later by the 11th and 3rd Corps, they marched next morning to relieve Buford's cavalry, already in action west of the town. Old US 15 near Marsh Creek, S of Greenmount
facts	sfw	Giraffes can lick their own eyes.
facts	sfw	Giraffes have no vocal chords.
facts	sfw	Giraffes have the same number of vertebrae as humans: 7.
facts	sfw	Globe Inn Many distinguished persons stayed at old inn located on this site. Here, in 1825, Lafayette was given a reception. His toast "To the Town of York" is memorable. SW section of Square, York
facts	sfw	Globe Inn Stood on this site. It was opened in 1798 by David Morris. Among the noted guests during the National Road era were five presidents of the U.S. Lafayette was entertained here on May 25, 1825. 155 S. Main St., Washington
facts	sfw	Googol is a number (1 followed by 100 zeros).
facts	sfw	Goshenhoppen Re-named Bally for Father Augustin Bally. The third Roman Catholic mission and first Catholic school in the State were established here in 1743 by Father Theodore Schneider. Main St. (PA 100), at 7th St., Bally (next to bank)
facts	sfw	Governor Printz Park Site of the first permanent settlement in present Pennsylvania in 1643, and of the Swedish Capitol, the Printzhof. Administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission. At corner of entrance to site, 2nd St. & Taylor Ave., Essington
facts	sfw	Governor's Residence This is the present home of the Governor of Pennsylvania. It was completed in 1968 and is the third official executive mansion located in Harrisburg. Second St. near Maclay St., Harrisburg
facts	sfw	Grace Methodist Church After the state capitol was destroyed by fire on February 2, 1897, this church building became the temporary quarters of the state legislature while the new capitol was being constructed. State St. between 2nd & 3rd Sts., Harrisburg
facts	sfw	Graeme Park Estate of Pennsylvania's Lt. Governor, Sir William Keith, during 1718-1737. Administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission. At site, SR 2038 (County Line Road), 1 mile NW of PA 611, Hatboro (Missing)
facts	sfw	Grapes are the most popular fruit in the world.
facts	sfw	Great Falls, Montana, is the windiest city in the U.S.
facts	sfw	Great Valley Mill Colonial grist mill built in 1710 by Thomas Jerman. One of the earliest mills in present Chester County; thought to be the oldest one in this country in continuous operation. US 202, 1.5 miles NE of Paoli (Missing)
facts	sfw	Green Tree Inn In 1753, Benjamin Franklin stayed at inn on this site while he, Richard Peters, and Isaac Norris treated with Indians. Hamilton and Knox, members of Washington's cabinet, lodged here in 1794. S. Hanover St. between Pomfret & High Sts., Carlisle
facts	sfw	Green-Bank Name given to house built on this site in 1721 by David Lloyd. At one time, it was the home of Admiral Porter and Commodore Porter with whom Admiral Farragut often visited. Razed in Feb., 1882 by "Jackson Explosion." E 2nd St. under walkway bridge, Chester
facts	sfw	Greenwood Furnace Built about 1837 to supply iron to Freedom Forge near Lewistown. Restored stack, the Church, Big House, and store common to iron making communities remain. Works closed 1904, the last to operate in this region. Pa. 305 at Greenwood Furnace State Park
facts	sfw	Greyhounds can reach speeds of 45 miles per hour.
facts	sfw	Grizzly bears run as fast as the average horse.
facts	sfw	Grubb's First Forge Peter Grubb (c.1700-54) carried on his initial efforts at iron-making in 1735 just slightly to the north. He used the Catalan-type forge which had originated in Spain sometime during the tenth century. Boyd St. & Gold Rd., Miners' Village, Cornwall
facts	sfw	Gulph Mills Encampment The Continental army marched from Whitemarsh to Gulph Mills by way of Swedes ford, and encamped on nearby hills, Dec. 13-19, 1777. From here, the army moved to Valley Forge. S Gulph Rd. (PA 320) near intersection SR 3030 at Gulph Mills (Missing)
facts	sfw	Hall & Sellers Press First printing press west of Susquehanna River was set up on this site. Here, government publications and continental currency were printed while Congress met in York, Sept. 1777 to June 1778. SW corner, Market & Beaver Sts., York
facts	sfw	Hand's Hospital On this site was located the isolation hospital erected in 1777 by Gen. Edward Hand to care for troops at Fort Pitt. Blockhouses protected the original two-story log structure. PA 60 (Steuben St.) at Linden St., across from Crafton Park, Crafton
facts	sfw	Handsome Lake Home of Handsome Lake, the Seneca prophet, was located across the river. It was there that he received supernatural sanction in 1799 to establish the religious cult bearing his name. PA 59 at Cornplanter (Missing)
facts	sfw	Hanover Resolves The earliest resolves for independence in the State. Drawn June 4, 1774, by Col. Timothy Green and eight Hanover Township patriots. They committed their cause to "Heaven and our Rifles." US 22, at 10105 Allentown Blvd., 14 miles NE of Harrisburg
facts	sfw	Harmon Husband Leader of North Carolina revolt against the British, he fled under an assumed name in 1771. Somerset's first settler; lived at Coffee Springs farm some years. Became a pamphleteer and active in the Whiskey Rebellion. Died in 1795. 555 E Main St. (PA 31), Somerset
facts	sfw	Harmonist Cemetery Burial place of Harmonist Society, 1805-15. Graves were not marked. The stone wall was built in 1869, after the Harmonists had returned from Indiana and settled at "Old Economy," in Beaver County. Evans City Rd. (PA 68) near Edmond St., Harmony
facts	sfw	Harmony First home of Harmony Society, founded 1804, by George Rapp and German followers. In 1814 moved to New Harmony, Indiana, and settled at Economy in present Ambridge, Beaver County, in 1825. Main St. at Mercer St., Harmony
facts	sfw	Harmony Mennonites Church organized 1816 by Abraham Ziegler, purchaser of the Harmonist property. The Rev. John Boyer was the first pastor. Present stone church built 1825. Wise Rd. (T312) off US 19, N of Zelienople
facts	sfw	Harmony Society Cemetery On this site are buried 594 members and workers of the Harmony Society, the people of Old Economy. Church St. at cemetery, Ambridge
facts	sfw	Harmony Society Church Constructed, 1828-1831, with bricks made by the Society members, this is the second building erected for worship. It is believed designed by Frederick Rapp. The spiritual life of the Society centered here. Church St. near Creese St., Ambridge
facts	sfw	Harrisburg Pennsylvania's capital since 1812. As Harris' Ferry, was settled a century before by John Harris Sr. Laid out as a town in 1785 by John Harris Jr. For over 200 years a center of travel, trade, and historic events. Cameron St (US 230) S of Harrisburg at Steelton line
facts	sfw	Harrisburg Pennsylvania's capital since 1812. As Harris' Ferry, was settled a century before by John Harris Sr. Laid out as a town in 1785 by John Harris Jr. For over 200 years a center of travel, trade, and historic events. Front St., at Market St., Wormleysburg
facts	sfw	Harrisburg Pennsylvania's capital since 1812. As Harris' Ferry, was settled a century before by John Harris Sr. Laid out as a town in 1785 by John Harris Jr. For over 200 years a center of travel, trade, and historic events. Paxton St. at 29th St., Harrisburg
facts	sfw	Harrisburg Pennsylvania's capital since 1812. Settled a century before by John Harris, Sr. Known as Harris' Ferry until laid out by John Harris, Jr. as a town in 1785. For over 200 years a center of travel, trade, and historic events. Front St. at Vaughn, Harrisburg
facts	sfw	Harriton Built 1704 by Rowland Ellis; named by Richard Harrison, next owner. His son-in-law, Charles Thomson, Secretary of Continental Congress, lived here 1774 until his death in 1824. 500 Harriton Rd., near entrance to Harriton House, Lower Merion
facts	sfw	Harry S. Truman's middle name is S.
facts	sfw	Harry Truman was the last U.S. President to not have a college degree.
facts	sfw	Haverford Meeting House A center for Friends' activities since 1684. The meeting house, later enlarged, and remodeled in 1800, stands a short distance up this road. US 30 bypass near Haverford (Missing)
facts	sfw	Hawaii has its own time zone.
facts	sfw	Hawaii is further south than Florida.
facts	sfw	Hawaii is moving toward Japan at the rate of almost 4 inches per year.
facts	sfw	Hawaii is the only U.S. state never to report a temperature of zero degrees F or below.
facts	sfw	Hawaii is the only U.S. state that grows coffee commercially.
facts	sfw	Hawaii is the only U.S. state that grows coffee.
facts	sfw	Hawaii is the only state with one school district.
facts	sfw	Heat, not sunlight, ripens tomatoes.
facts	sfw	Heavier, not bigger lemons, produce more juice.
facts	sfw	Heckewelder House One-half block south, stands the home of John Heckewelder, famed Indian missionary and interpreter, author of works on American Indians. House was erected in 1810. 67 W. Market St., at Heckewelder Pl., Bethlehem
facts	sfw	Heintzelman House Birthplace of Maj. Gen. Samuel P. Heintzelman, September 30, 1805. A veteran of the Mexican War and the Civil War, he died May 1, 1880, at Washington, D. C., and was buried at Buffalo, N. Y. 24 S. Main St. (PA 72), Manheim
facts	sfw	Henry A. Muhlenberg Pastor of the Trinity Lutheran Church from 1803 to 1829; Member of Congress, 1829-38; first U.S. Minister to Austria; Candidate for governor of Pennsylvania at the time of death in 1844. His home was on this site. 400 Penn St. (at S 4th), Reading
facts	sfw	Henry Clay Frick The steel and coke magnate was born about one mile from here on Dec. 19, 1849. Birthplace and Historical House, the Overholt home, are now preserved as a historical museum. Jennifer Dr. (PA 819), just off PA 119, just NE of Scottdale
facts	sfw	Henry J. Heinz (1844-1919) From a start in 1869 selling bottled horseradish, Heinz built an international firm by 1886. He pioneered innovative advertising, quality control, and benevolent employee policies and transformed modern diets. 16th St. Bridge, North Side, Pittsburgh
facts	sfw	Henry M. Hoyt Was born on this site in 1830. Governor of Pennsylvania, 1879-83; first to serve four years under the State Constitution of 1873. Advocated correctional institutions for care of youthful offenders. Died in 1892. 714 Wyoming Ave. (US 11), Kingston
facts	sfw	Henry's Gun Factory Here rifles and other firearms were made for use in the War of 1812. Built by William Henry, 2nd, about 1800, the famous Henry shotgun was made here as late as 1904. The site is about half a mile away. Belfast Rd. at Sullivan Trail (SR 1005), Belfast
facts	sfw	Hiester Home Site of house occupied by Joseph Hiester from about 1792 until his death, 1832; a Lt. Col. in Continental Army; Delegate to Provincial Convention in 1776; Member of Congress for 14 years; Governor of Pennsylvania, 1820-23. 439 Penn St., Penn Sq., Reading
facts	sfw	Hill Church Founded in 1776 by Rev. John McMillan, who served as its pastor until his death in 1833. The pioneer Presbyterian church in the region. Woodrow Wilson's father was once a pastor here. Junction US 19, Rt. 980 & Rt 519, S of Canonsburg (Missing)
facts	sfw	Hill's Tavern This tavern, in continuous operation since 1794 when it was opened by Stephen Hill, is one of the oldest on the National Road. It was a popular spot for stage coaches and waggoners. U.S. 40 and Fava Farm Rd., Scenery Hill
facts	sfw	Hippos can open their mouths 180 degrees.
facts	sfw	Holland is the only country with a national dog.
facts	sfw	Honeybees are the only insects that create a form of food for humans.
facts	sfw	Honeybees have hair on their eyes.
facts	sfw	Honeybees navigate by using the sun as a compass.
facts	sfw	Hope Lodge Built in mid-18th century, house is fine example of Georgian-period architecture. Administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission. At site, Old Bethlehem Pike (SR 2018), Fort Washington
facts	sfw	Hopewell Village Forge built 1744 by Wm. Bird; furnace built 1770 by his son Mark. Furnace and other remains of an iron making community of the era, administered by the National Park Service, are about 3 miles away. PA 345 at Warwick, just N of junction PA 23
facts	sfw	Horseback riding can improve your posture.
facts	sfw	Horses can't vomit.
facts	sfw	Human eyes have over two million working parts.
facts	sfw	Humans share 50% of their DNA with bananas.
facts	sfw	Hybrid cars produce up to 75% less pollution than other vehicles.
facts	sfw	Ida M. Tarbell Noted oil historian, biographer of Lincoln, journalist, lived in this house about six years. She was graduated from the Titusville High School in 1875. 324 E. Main St. (PA 27), Titusville
facts	sfw	If a sheep and a goat mate the offspring is called a geep.
facts	sfw	If done perfectly, any Rubick's Cube combination can be solved in 17 turns.
facts	sfw	If there are two full moons in a month, the second one is called a blue moon.
facts	sfw	If two pieces of the same type of metal touch in outer space, they will bond together permanently.
facts	sfw	If you doubled one penny every day for 30 days, you would have $5,368,709.
facts	sfw	If you drive from Los Angeles to Reno, NV, you will be heading west.
facts	sfw	If you had 1 billion dollars and spent 1 thousand dollars a day, it would take you 2,749 years to spend it all.
facts	sfw	If you keep a goldfish in a dark room it will eventually turn white.
facts	sfw	If you put all the streets in New York City in a straight line, they would stretch to Japan.
facts	sfw	If you shake a can of mixed nuts, the larger nuts will rise to the top.
facts	sfw	In 1634, tulip bulbs were a form of currency in Holland.
facts	sfw	In 1859, 24 rabbits were released in Australia. Within 6 years, the population grew to 2 million.
facts	sfw	In 1860, Abraham Lincoln grew a beard at the suggestion of an 11-year-old girl.
facts	sfw	In 1878, the first telephone book ever issued contained only 50 names.
facts	sfw	In 1900, 1/3 of all automobiles in New York City were powered by electricity.
facts	sfw	In 1908, the first lollipop-making machine started in New Haven, CT.
facts	sfw	In 1926, the first outdoor mini-golf courses were built on rooftops in NYC.
facts	sfw	In 1985, the fastest bicyclist was clocked at 154 mph.
facts	sfw	In 2003, a 6-year-old from Naples, FL was ticketed for not having a permit for her lemonade stand.
facts	sfw	In Albania, nodding your head means no and shaking your head means yes.
facts	sfw	In Ancient Greece, throwing an apple to a woman was considered a marriage proposal.
facts	sfw	In Athens, Greece, a driver's license can be taken away by law if the driver is deemed either unbathed or poorly dressed.
facts	sfw	In Germany, the shhh sound literally means hurry up.
facts	sfw	In South Korea, it is against the rules for a professional baseball player to wear cabbage leaves inside of his hat.
facts	sfw	In Switzerland, it is illegal to own only one guinea pig because they are prone to loneliness.
facts	sfw	In Texas, it is illegal to graffiti someone's cow.
facts	sfw	In a year, the average person walks four miles making his or her bed.
facts	sfw	In ancient Rome, lemons were used as an antidote to all poisons.
facts	sfw	In one day, a full-grown oak tree expels 7 tons of water through its leaves.
facts	sfw	In only 7.6 billion years, the sun will reach its maximum size and will shine 3,000 times brighter.
facts	sfw	In some cultures' telling of Snow White, the dwarves are thieves.
facts	sfw	In the Middle Ages, chicken soup was considered an aphrodisiac.
facts	sfw	In the U.S. a pig has to weigh more than 180 lbs to be called a hog.
facts	sfw	In the U.S., all interstate highways that run east to west are even-numbered.
facts	sfw	In the U.S., there are about 15,000 vacuum cleaner-related accidents each year.
facts	sfw	In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
facts	sfw	In the game Monopoly, the properties are named after streets in Atlantic City.
facts	sfw	In the state of Arizona, it is illegal for donkeys to sleep in bathtubs.
facts	sfw	India has a Bill of Rights for cows.
facts	sfw	India has more English speakers than the United States.
facts	sfw	Indian Hill The hill just southeast was the scene, Sept. 29, 1778, of a battle between Col. Thos. Hartley's men from Fort Muncy, and the Indians. Two days before, Hartley had burned Queen Esther's town near present Athens. U.S. 6, 4.6 miles E of Wyalusing
facts	sfw	Indian Paint Hill Across the river from here deposits of red ochre and adjacent petroleum springs provided the Indians with raw materials for face and body paint. US 62 near Thomas Ln., 3 miles NE of Tidioute
facts	sfw	Indian Paths Across the river here paths led over the hills to Oil Creek. Each year, in spring, the Indians used to travel westward to gather petroleum from the oil pits, boil maple sugar and make bark canoes. US 62, next to W Forest school, 2.3 miles S of East Hickory
facts	sfw	Indian Peace Councils Held on this Square between 1756 and 1762 to strengthen English friendship with the Delawares and Six Nations; to bring about peace with hostile Indians, drawing those of Ohio away from the French. NE part of square, Easton (Missing)
facts	sfw	Indonesia is made up of more than 17,000 islands.
facts	sfw	International tug of war rules state that the rope must be over 100-feet long.
facts	sfw	Interstate 90 is the longest U.S. Interstate Highway with over 3,000 miles from Seattle, WA to Boston, MA.
facts	sfw	Ira D. Sankey Famous singing evangelist, fellow-worker with Dwight L. Moody in Europe and in America, was born Aug. 28, 1840, at Edinburg, in a house since removed. He died in Brooklyn, New York, on Aug. 13, 1908. Erie St. (PA 551) at post office, Edinburg
facts	sfw	Iroquois "Main Road" The highway here follows the course of an old war path used by the Iroquois. It was their best route to the south until the Susquehanna Valley was opened to them by their victory over the Susquehannocks. PA 949, ~4 miles N of Corsica (Missing)
facts	sfw	Irving Female College Site of the College that was chartered in 1857, and named for Washington Irving, a trustee. First women's college in Pennsylvania to grant degrees in arts and sciences. It closed in 1929. E. Main St. (Pa. 641) near Filbert St., Mechanicsburg
facts	sfw	It cost the United States Mint two cents to produce and distribute a penny in 2012.
facts	sfw	It costs the U.S. government 2.5 cents to produce a quarter.
facts	sfw	It is against the law to put pretzels in bags in Philadelphia.
facts	sfw	It is against the law to use "The Star Spangled Banner" as dance music in Massachusetts.
facts	sfw	It is estimated that the world's oceans contain 10 billion tons of gold.
facts	sfw	It is illegal for a portrait of a living person to appear on U.S. postage stamps.
facts	sfw	It is illegal in the United Kingdom to handle salmon in suspicious circumstances.
facts	sfw	It is illegal to play annoying games in the street in the United Kingdom.
facts	sfw	It is illegal to run out of gas in Youngstown, Ohio.
facts	sfw	It is illegal to sing off-key in North Carolina.
facts	sfw	It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
facts	sfw	It is not possible to tickle yourself.
facts	sfw	It is possible to lead a cow up stairs but not down.
facts	sfw	It takes an interaction of 72 muscles to produce human speech.
facts	sfw	It takes more water to fill a bathtub than it does to enjoy a nice, warm shower.
facts	sfw	It took Leonardo da Vinci 12 years to paint the lips of Mona Lisa.
facts	sfw	It took the first man to walk around the world four years, three months and 16 days to complete his journey.
facts	sfw	Jack is the most common name in nursery rhymes.
facts	sfw	Jack's Narrows The gorge cut by the Juniata through the mountain at this point, derives its name from the trader, Jack Armstrong, who was killed by the Indians at the river crossing in 1744. US 22, ~8.5 miles SE of Huntingdon (Missing)
facts	sfw	Jack-O-Lanterns were originally made out of turnips.
facts	sfw	James Buchanan Fifteenth President of the United States, lies buried at Woodward Hill Cemetery located five blocks to the south on Queen Street. S Queen St. at Penn Square, Lancaster
facts	sfw	James Buchanan Lawyer, statesman, diplomat, and fifteenth President of United States, lies buried in this cemetery, about 350 yards southeast. His home, Wheatland, located on Marietta Avenue, is marked with a bronze tablet. S. Queen St. at Woodward Hill Cemetery, Lancaster
facts	sfw	James G. Blaine Born Jan 31, 1830, on this site, of Pennsylvania pioneer ancestry, Washington College graduate. Moved to Maine in 1854. Served the nation as member of Congress, party leader and secretary of state. 238 Main St., West Brownsville
facts	sfw	James Lick The California financier and philanthropist, donor of the Lick Observatory, was born in Fredericksburg, Aug. 21, 1796. The Lick family monuments may be seen in the local cemetery. U.S. 22 near junction Pa. 343 just S of Fredericksburg
facts	sfw	James Smith A Signer of the Declaration of Independence, delegate to Continental Congress, Colonel of Associators, lawyer, and ironmaster, lies buried in this churchyard. E. Market St., Presbyterian churchyard, York
facts	sfw	James Wilson Early Carlisle lawyer, and representative to Continental Congress, occupied house that stood on this site. He was a signer of the Declaration of Independence, and one of the framers of the Constitution of U.S. SW corner, High & Pitt Sts., Carlisle
facts	sfw	Jefferson House On the second floor of a three-story brick house that stood here, Thomas Jefferson prepared the draft of the Declaration of Independence in June, 1776. 7th St. near Market St., Philadelphia (Missing)
facts	sfw	Jenkins' Fort Stockaded home of John Jenkins. Built by Connecticut settlers, 1776. Surrendered to the British under Maj. John Butler, July 1, 1778, and burnt. Wyoming/Exeter Ave. (US 11/PA 92) at Susquehanna Ave., West Pittston
facts	sfw	John A. Mather Photographer of oil industry from 1860, lived in this house. His thousands of views form an extraordinary record of an industry that began here. Born, Bury, England, in 1829; died Titusville, 1915. 407 E. Main St. (PA 27), Titusville
facts	sfw	John A. Sutter In the cemetery opposite is buried the California pioneer. Founder of Sacramento, 1839. Gold was discovered on his lands, 1848. Ruined by the gold rush, he made Lititz his home from 1871 until death, 1880. PA 501 (S. Broad St.) at Lemon St., Lititz
facts	sfw	John Adams was the only President to be defeated by his Vice President, Thomas Jefferson.
facts	sfw	John Bannister Gibson - PLAQUE Chief Justice of Pennsylvania 1827-1851. Born in the home of his parents Col. George Gibson and Anna West Gibson 124 ft. northwest of this marker November 8, 1780. His fame was unequaled. Landisburg Rd. (PA 850) & Mill Rd., ~1 mile W of Dromgold
facts	sfw	John Bannister Gibson Born Nov. 8, 1780, in a house near here. Chief Justice of Pennsylvania, 1827-1851. This was also the birthplace of William Bigler, Governor of Pennsylvania, 1852-55; U.S. Senator, 1856-61. Landisburg Rd. (PA 850) at Mill Rd., ~1 mile W of Dromgold
facts	sfw	John Bannister Gibson Distinguished jurist and author of legal books, lived in this house from about 1820 until his death, 1853; Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania for 24 years of his 37 years membership. E. High St. between Hanover & Bedford Sts., Carlisle
facts	sfw	John Brown Boarded in this house for a while in the summer of 1859 under the name of "Smith." While in Chambersburg, he secretly received firearms and ammunition. Later in 1859, Brown led a raid on the arsenal at Harper's Ferry. 225 E. King St., Chambersburg
facts	sfw	John Brown Raid Captain John Cooke, one of Brown's followers, was captured near here on Oct. 25, 1859, nine days after the raid on Harper's Ferry. He was hanged December 16, two weeks after John Brown. PA 233, 1 mile E of Mont Alto, across from PSU campus, just W of entrance
facts	sfw	John Brown Tannery John Brown of Ossawatomie and Harper's Ferry worked here as a tanner, 1825-35. The nearby house was then his home. His first wife and son are buried near. John Brown Rd. (SR 1033), just S of PA 77, New Richmond
facts	sfw	John Chad's House - PLAQUE Proctor's American Artillery Occupied several Redoubts near This House at the Battle of Brandywine, September 11, 1777. Lawn of Chadd homestead on Creek Rd. just N of US 1, Chadds Ford
facts	sfw	John Hanson Steelman Indian trader-interpreter of Pennsylvania and Maryland, and first permanent white settler west of the Susquehanna, lived nearby prior to 1749. He was a descendent of early Swedes on the Delaware. Near PA 16 & PA 116 junction, betw. Zora & state line (Missing)
facts	sfw	John Harris Mansion John Harris, Jr., founder of Harrisburg, built this house in 1764-66. It was Simon Cameron's home, 1863-89, and many famous persons visited there. It is now home of The Dauphin County Historical Society. 219 S. Front St. at mansion, Harrisburg
facts	sfw	John Wallace Jr. Laid out the present town in 1797 and named it Waynesburg in honor of General Anthony Wayne. In 1831, name changed to Waynesboro. Stone portion of the Wallace house still stands about 200 yards southeast of here. E. Main St. & Enterprise Ave., Waynesboro
facts	sfw	John Walter Co-laborer of Jacob Albright in founding of Evangelical Church, born 1791, died 1818, is buried in this cemetery. An effective preacher and hymn writer, he published the first songbook for his church. Old US 22 W of Ono at cemetery
facts	sfw	John Wilkes Booth's brother saved the life of Abraham Lincoln's son.
facts	sfw	Johnstown Flood The breast of South Fork Dam which broke the night of May 31, 1889, to cause the historic flood is a short distance away. The remains of the dam can be observed. Rager's Hill Rd. & Rt. 869, near Rt. 219, 1 mile S of South Fork
facts	sfw	Joseph Hiester Revolutionary soldier, Congressman, Governor 1820-1823, lived in the Hiester Mansion. Now a part of the Berks County Welfare Farm. Bernville Rd. (PA 183) at Upper Van Reed Rd., near Leinbachs
facts	sfw	Joseph Priestley House Home, 1794-1804, of the noted English scientist. Administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission. 472 Priestley Ave., Northumberland
facts	sfw	Joseph Priestley The noted English scientist, discoverer of oxygen, and Unitarian theologian lived in Northumberland, 1794 to 1804. His home and laboratory along the river are now a Priestley memorial and museum. Duke St. (PA 147) at 10th St., Northumberland
facts	sfw	Joseph Priestley The noted English scientist, discoverer of oxygen, and Unitarian theologian lived in Northumberland, 1794 to 1804. His home and laboratory along the river are now a Priestley memorial and museum. US 11 in median, at Weis warehouse, just NE of Northumberland
facts	sfw	Joseph Reid Gas Engine Company Founded in Oil City, 1894, it produced engines for pumping oil wells. Its popular single piston engine was used worldwide by the oil industry. The company closed in 1939. Elm St. S of Duncomb (at PennDOT), Oil City
facts	sfw	Joseph Ritner Governor of Pennsylvania, 1835-1839, lies buried in this cemetery. Born, 1780, in Berks County; died, 1869, at Carlisle. He was noted for having put into practical operation the law of 1834, which established the public school system. US 11, 6 miles SW of Carlisle
facts	sfw	Joseph Smith The founder of Mormonism lived in this vicinity about 1825-29. His infant son is buried in this cemetery. Much of the translation of the "Golden Plates" for the Book of Mormon was done at a house nearby. PA 171 at cemetery, near T840, W of Oakland
facts	sfw	Joseph T. Rothrock Born here April 9, 1839. Conservationist and father of the State Forest idea in Pennsylvania. Pioneer in development of forest fire control, reforestation, and scientific forestry. US 22/522 between Holiday St. & Furnace Rd., McVeytown
facts	sfw	Jousting is the official sport in the state of Maryland.
facts	sfw	Jousting is the official sport of Maryland.
facts	sfw	Juniata Iron Along the streams of this region are ruins of many charcoal iron furnaces and forges built between 1790-1850. Juniata iron was the best in America. Its reign ended with the rise of coal and coke iron making. U.S. 22 & 522 at Strodes Mills, 4.9 miles SW of Lewistown
facts	sfw	Juniata Iron Along the streams of this region are ruins of many charcoal iron furnaces and forges built between 1790-1850. Juniata iron was the best in America. Its reign ended with the rise of coal and coke iron making. US 522, ~1 mile S of Orbisonia
facts	sfw	Jupiter spins so fast that there is a new sunrise nearly every 10 hours.
facts	sfw	Just a sugar cube of neutron star matter would weigh about one hundred million tons on Earth.
facts	sfw	Kangaroos can't walk backwards.
facts	sfw	Karate originated in India.
facts	sfw	Karthaus Furnace Near here stood the iron furnace erected 1817 by Peter Karthaus. Rebuilt 1836 by Peter Ritner and John Say, it became in 1839 one of the earliest to use coke in place of charcoal. Abandoned at the end of the same year. Market St. (PA 879) near Park Ave., Karthaus
facts	sfw	Keith House Built 1722 by Sir William Keith, Lieutenant Governor of the Province of Pennsylvania, 1717-1726. Also called Graeme Park, for Dr. Thomas Graeme, owner after 1737. At Graeme Park, County Line Rd., 1 mile NW of PA 611, Hatboro
facts	sfw	Ketchup was once sold as a medicine.
facts	sfw	Kilpatrick Headquarters On June 30, 1863, Gen. Kilpatrick, commanding the Third Division of the Union Cavalry, took headquarters in this building after part of his forces had been attacked by Confederate Cavalry SE of town. NW section of Square, Hanover
facts	sfw	King Beaver's Town Present Beaver perpetuates the name of a Delaware chief and of his village near here. Its location along the Ohio-Beaver River trails gave it importance in the fur trade. Pa. 68 (3rd St.) at Wilson Ave., Beaver
facts	sfw	Kinzua The mouth of this creek was a favored spot of the Seneca for spearing fish. Name is taken from the Iroquois word, genzo waa, literally, "fish up there," and refers to a wooden fish stuck on top a pole. PA 59 at Kinzua (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Knots come out easier if you sprinkle talcum powder on them.
facts	sfw	Koala and humans are the only animals with unique fingerprints.
facts	sfw	Koalas only drink water in extreme heat or drought.
facts	sfw	Kuskuskies Towns Of this group of towns, the last one occupied by the Indians stood near here in 1785, when Gen. Wm. Irvine toured the Donation Lands just before their division into tracts given to Revolutionary soldiers. Junction US 224 (W State) & PA 551 (Jackson Rd.), Edinburg
facts	sfw	Lake Superior is the world's largest lake.
facts	sfw	Lancaster County Courthouse Old courthouse stood in the center of this square, 1739-1853. Here Continental Congress met for a day, Sept. 27, 1777, thus making Lancaster one of the capitals of the United States. SW section of Square, Lancaster (Missing)
facts	sfw	Lancaster Oldest inland town in the United States, laid out in 1730. Borough chartered in 1742. State Capital, 1799-1812. Congress met here in 1777 for a day. Lancaster is as rich in historic sites as in trade and industry. PA 501 N of Lancaster (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Lancaster Oldest inland town in the United States, laid out in 1730. Borough chartered in 1742. State Capital, 1799-1812. Congress met here in 1777 for a day. Lancaster is as rich in historic sites as in trade and industry. PA 72 N of Lancaster (Missing)
facts	sfw	Lancaster Oldest inland town in the United States, laid out in 1730. Borough chartered in 1742. State Capital, 1799-1812. Congress met here in 1777 for a day. Lancaster is as rich in historic sites as in trade and industry. US 222 S at Lancaster (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Lancaster Oldest inland town in the United States, laid out in 1730. Borough chartered in 1742. State Capital, 1799-1812. Congress met here in 1777 for a day. Lancaster is as rich in historic sites as in trade and industry. US 230 W at Lancaster (Missing)
facts	sfw	Lancaster Oldest inland town in the United States, laid out in 1730. Borough chartered in 1742. State Capital, 1799-1812. Congress met here in 1777 for a day. Lancaster is as rich in historic sites as in trade and industry. US 30 E at Lancaster (Missing)
facts	sfw	Lancaster Oldest inland town in the United States, laid out in 1730. Borough chartered in 1742. State Capital, 1799-1812. Congress met here in 1777 for a day. Lancaster is as rich in historic sites as in trade and industry. US 30 W at Lancaster (Missing)
facts	sfw	Lane House Built by Thomas Lane. Was later occupied by the family of Elliott Lane, a brother. Here, in 1830, Harriet Lane, niece of James Buchanan and mistress of the White House during his Presidency, was born. 16 N. Main St., Mercersburg
facts	sfw	Laughlin Mill Grist mill built about 1763 by William Laughlin. Owned by his family until 1896. Preserved by Ethel T. McCarthy. The oldest such structure remaining in this region. Carlisle Newvile Rd. (PA 641) & Laughlin Mill Rd. at E end of Newville
facts	sfw	LeMoyne Crematory This crematory, the first in the United States, was built in 1876 by Dr. Francis LeMoyne. From 1876 to 1900, there were 42 cremations. Dr. LeMoyne lies buried here. Opposite 815 S. Main St. (SR 2001), S end of Washington
facts	sfw	LeMoyne House Built, 1812, by Dr. John LeMoyne. For many years, home of his son Dr. Francis LeMoyne, noted abolitionist, and builder of first crematory in U.S. Now the home of the Washington County Historical Society. 49 E. Maiden St., Washington
facts	sfw	Lee Massacre Major John Lee and his entire family, with the exception of a son Robert, were massacred near here by an Indian war party of August 16, 1782. Westbranch Hwy. (US 15) just S of PA 304, Winfield
facts	sfw	Legionville Gen. Anthony Wayne's army camped here Nov. 1792 to April 1793, preparing for the campaign which led to the Battle of Fallen Timbers with the Northwest Indians. Duss Ave. at Anthony Wayne Dr., N of Ambridge
facts	sfw	Lemon sharks can give birth to about 36 babies at one time.
facts	sfw	Lemon wood is carved into chess pieces.
facts	sfw	Lemons are more acidic than vinegar.
facts	sfw	Lemons ripen after you pick them, but oranges do not.
facts	sfw	Leonardo da Vinci could draw with one hand while writing with the other.
facts	sfw	Leonardo da Vinci discovered that a tree's rings reveal its age.
facts	sfw	Leroy Massacre Near here John Jacob Leroy was killed by Indians on Oct. 16, 1755, following the Penn's Creek Massacre. This was the first Indian hostility in the region after Braddock's defeat. Timberwolves Meml. Hwy. (PA 104), ~1 mile S of Mifflinburg
facts	sfw	Less than 3% of the water on Earth is fresh.
facts	sfw	Licking a stamp burns 10 calories.
facts	sfw	Lifejackets used to be filled with sunflower seeds for flotation.
facts	sfw	Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
facts	sfw	Lime Hill Here Apr. 14, 1782, a party led by Sgt. Thos. Baldwin tried to rescue a woman and her children held as Indian captives. In a four-hour battle, three children were saved but the mother was killed. US 6 at Limehill, 3.7 miles N of Wyalusing
facts	sfw	Lincoln Biography The first published biography of Abraham Lincoln was printed in this building on Feb.11, 1860. It was prepared from Lincoln's own notes and served to introduce him to the public as a potential presidential candidate. 28 W. Market St., West Chester
facts	sfw	Lindley Murray Famous grammarian, author of the English Grammar, was born June 7, 1745, in a house near this point. Robert Murray, his father, owned a mill here from 1745 to 1746. Corner of Bellegrove Rd. (PA 934) & Jonestown Rd., across from Harper Tavern, East Hanover Twp.
facts	sfw	Lindley Murray Famous grammarian, author of the English Grammar, was born June 7, 1745, in a house on Indiantown Creek near this point. Robert Murray, his father, owned a mill here from 1745 to 1746. PA 934, .2 mile N of US 22, Harper Tavern
facts	sfw	Lititz Settled during 1740s, Moravians established here a "Land Gemeine," or country congregation in 1756. It was named by Count Zinzendorf after a Bohemian town which sheltered persecuted Moravians in 1456. PA 501 just N of Rt. 772 intersection, at Lititz Spring Park, Lititz
facts	sfw	Lizards communicate by doing push-ups.
facts	sfw	Lobsters can live up to 50 years.
facts	sfw	Logstown One of the large Indian towns on the upper Ohio was located nearby in 1727-58. Important conferences were held here between the British, French, and Indians in the struggle for the Ohio Country. Duss Ave. at Anthony Wayne Dr., N of Ambridge
facts	sfw	Long Beach Island was once frequented by pirates.
facts	sfw	Long Island is the largest island in the Continental U.S.
facts	sfw	Louisiana is home to over 80% of the world's crayfish.
facts	sfw	Lower Marsh Creek Church Present building erected 1790 by a Presbyterian congregation dating from 1748. Later remodeled, its exterior preserves much of the old-style design. PA 116 (Fairfield Rd.) & SR 3013 (Knoxlyn Rd.), 4 miles W of Gettysburg
facts	sfw	Lowry Homestead Oldest stone house in Blair County. Erected by Lazarus Lowry in 1785. Located on the Kittanning Trail, Indian route from Susquehanna to Allegheny rivers. US 22, 1.1 miles E of Hollidaysburg (Missing)
facts	sfw	Loyalhanning Indian village settled by the Delaware soon after their departure from the Susquehanna area in 1727, was located here. The name refers to "middle stream". US 30, across from E Main St., just SE of Ligonier
facts	sfw	Lucretia C. Mott Nearby stood "Roadside," the home of the ardent Quakeress, Lucretia C. Mott (1793-1880). Her most notable work was in connection with antislavery, women's rights, temperance and peace. PA 611 at Latham Pkwy., N of Cheltenham Ave., Elkins Park
facts	sfw	Ludwig Derr Founder of Lewisburg, 1785. Lived here in a log house incorporated in the present structure. Nearby, he operated a trading post and a grist and saw mill. Derr died in Nov. 1785. 34 Brown St., Lewisburg
facts	sfw	Maine is the closest U.S. state to Africa.
facts	sfw	Maine is the only state with a one-syllable name.
facts	sfw	Maine produces more toothpicks than any other state in the U.S.
facts	sfw	Major Andre For a short time in 1776, Major Andre and Lt. Despard, British prisoners of war, were detained in a tavern that stood on this site. Some years later, after an exchange and recapture, Andre was executed as a spy. S. Hanover St. between South & Pomfret Sts., Carlisle
facts	sfw	Major John Clark Revolutionary officer, aide-de-camp to General Greene, Auditor of the Continental army, lived on this site. S. Beaver St. near W. Market St., York
facts	sfw	Male moose shed their antlers every winter and grow a new pair the next year.
facts	sfw	Manatees' eyes close in a circular motion, much like the aperture of a camera.
facts	sfw	Mangoes are the most-consumed fruit in the world.
facts	sfw	Manhattan Island was once home to as many different species as Yellowstone National Park.
facts	sfw	Manhattan is the only borough in New York City that doesn't have a Main Street.
facts	sfw	Manhattan was the first capital of the United States.
facts	sfw	Manufacturing recycled goods uses up to 95% less energy than using raw materials.
facts	sfw	Many butterflies and moths are able to taste with their feet.
facts	sfw	Marcus Hook First port of call for Philadelphia shipping. First settled by Swedes, it was named by the Dutch, 1655-64, Marreties Hoeck. W 10th St. (US 13) & Green St., at Municipal Bldg., Marcus Hook
facts	sfw	Margaret Mead (1901-1978) The world-renowned anthropologist and writer lived in this house and graduated in 1918 from Doylestown High School. Among her most famous works are "Coming of Age in Samoa" (1928) and "Male and Female" (1949). 225 W. Court St., at S West St., Doylestown
facts	sfw	Market House Stood on this square from 1815 to 1872. Under the Market, at one end, was the jail. Equipment for fighting fires was kept here. Fairs and other public events were held under its roof. NE section of Square, Rt. 94 (Baltimore St.) & Frederick St./Broadway, Hanover
facts	sfw	Masonic Temple Built 1823-1824. Oldest Pennsylvania building erected solely for Masonic use and now used exclusively for that purpose. Spared when Confederates burned town on July 30, 1864. S. 2nd St. near E. Queen St., Chambersburg
facts	sfw	Matthew S. Quay Home of the noted state and national political leader is near here. He rose , between 1856-87, from local and state offices to U.S. Senator. A Republican Party leader from 1887 until his death in 1904. 3rd St. (PA 68) at Insurance St., Beaver
facts	sfw	McAllister Tavern Here, along the Monocacy Road, Richard McAllister erected a two-story log building and opened a store and tavern. In 1755, Benjamin Franklin was a guest at the Tavern. Old building was razed in 1950. Baltimore (PA 94) & Middle Sts., Hanover
facts	sfw	McClean House On this site stood the house of Archibald McClean; surveyor for the Penns, county officer, and ardent patriot. Traditionally the Treasury of U.S., 1777-1778, while York was national capital. NE section of Square, George & Market Sts., York
facts	sfw	McCoy Home The birthplace of Major General Frank R. McCoy, 1874-1954, graduate of West Point, who took part in Spanish American War, World Wars I & II. He was also President of the Foreign Policy Association. 17 N. Main St., Lewistown
facts	sfw	McMurtrie Mansion David McMurtrie built this house in 1817. A pioneer family; leaders in local political and business affairs. Now houses the Historical Society and the Library of Huntingdon County. 4th & Penn. Huntingdon
facts	sfw	Meadville Founded in 1788 by David Mead and other settlers from the Wyoming region. In 1800 made county seat. First direct primary in U.S. held here in 1842. Making of hookless fasteners was pioneered here. S Main St. (US 322) S end of Meadville
facts	sfw	Meadville Founded in 1788 by David Mead and other settlers from the Wyoming region. In 1800 made county seat. First direct primary in U.S. held here in 1842. Making of hookless fasteners was pioneered here. US 6 & 19 N of Meadville (Missing)
facts	sfw	Meadville Founded in 1788 by David Mead and other settlers from the Wyoming region. In 1800 made county seat. First direct primary in U.S. held here in 1842. Making of hookless fasteners was pioneered here. US 6 & 322 W of Meadville (Missing)
facts	sfw	Meason House The Georgian manor on the hill was built 1802 by Isaac Meason. Veteran of the Revolution, Meason was a pioneer ironmaster. In 1817 at Plumsock he built one of the first rolling mills. US 119 4.5 miles SW of Connellsville, just N of Mt. Braddock Rd.
facts	sfw	Men get hiccups more than women.
facts	sfw	Mercy Hospital Founded in 1907 by African-Americans, this hospital provided training and employment to Black medical professionals. In 1919 it built a larger facility here, and in 1948 it merged to become Mercy-Douglass Hospital. NW corner, S 17th & Fitzwater Sts., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Meriwether Lewis (1774-1809) With William Clark he led the transcontinental Lewis & Clark Expedition, 1803-1806. Lewis prepared for the journey & later deposited its significant specimens, journals, and other artifacts here in Philadelphia. 1900 Ben Franklin Pky., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Messersmith's Wood Name of grove selected by Gen. R.E. Lee for his headquarters, June 26-30, 1863. Here he issued the order for the concentration of troops near Gettysburg. Site of woods is just south of this point. Lincoln Hwy. (US 30) near Colbrook Ave., Chambersburg
facts	sfw	Meta V.W. Fuller (1877-1968) One of the leading Black female sculptors in America. She lived here, studied at the Pennsylvania Academy of the Fine Arts, later with Auguste Rodin in Paris. Her sculpture depicted human suffering. 254 S 12th St., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Meteorologists claim they're right 85% of the time.
facts	sfw	Mexican jumping beans jump to get out of sunlight.
facts	sfw	Miami installed the first ATM for inline skaters.
facts	sfw	Miami installed the first ATM for rollerbladers.
facts	sfw	Middle Spring Church Founded 1738 by pioneer Scotch-Irish Presbyterians. Until 1781, the church was at the old cemetery which is about one-tenth mile NW from here. Present church built, 1847; parsonage built, 1855. SR 4001 (old PA 696), 2.6 miles N of Shippensburg
facts	sfw	Mikveh Israel Cemetery Founded 1740. Notables buried here include Nathan Levy, whose ship brought the Liberty Bell to America; Haym Salomon, Revolutionary patriot; the Gratz family; and Aaron Levy, founder of Aaronsburg. Spruce St. between Schell & Darien Sts., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Military Stables and Barracks This long building was used as military stables during the Revolution. On opposite side of street, stood the Barracks where British and Hessians were imprisoned during that period. 307 N. Duke St., Lancaster
facts	sfw	Miller's Blockhouse Site 3 miles north. Built about 1780 by Jacob Miller, Sr. Rendezvous for settlers of the Dutch Fork area. Here March 31, 1782, Ann Hupp led a heroic defense against attacking Indians. US 40 near Tunnel St., W of I-70 & E of West Alexander
facts	sfw	Molly Pitcher Mary "Ludwig" Hays McCauley, known as "Molly Pitcher," heroine at Battle of Monmouth, is buried in Old Graveyard just east of here. In this burial ground are graves of many distinguished citizens. S. Hanover St. between Walnut & South Sts., Carlisle
facts	sfw	Mongolians invented lemonade around 1299 A.D.
facts	sfw	Montgomery House Built in 1792 as the residence of General William Montgomery, pioneer settler and father of the founder of Danville. The house is now occupied by the Montour County Historical Society. 1 Bloom St. (Rt. 11) at Mill St., Danville
facts	sfw	Moravian Cemetery Used as a burial place, 1742-1910. Site selected and consecrated by Count von Zinzendorf. Only flat gravestones were permitted. Here are the graves of persons of various nationalities and races. W. Market St. at cemetery, Bethlehem
facts	sfw	Moravian Community Community organized June 25, 1742. The oldest buildings are on West Church Street. Those marked are: Gemeinhaus, Sisters' House, Bell House, Brothers' House, and Old Chapel. Main St. near W Church St., at Central Moravian Church, Bethlehem
facts	sfw	Moravian Gemeinhaus Built in 1746 by the Moravians as Church, Parsonage, and School. It stood 125 yards to the north, on the elevation on this side of Carter's Run. NE corner, Main (Pa. 772) & Elm Sts., Lititz
facts	sfw	More Siberian tigers live in zoos than in the wild.
facts	sfw	More babies are born at night than during the day.
facts	sfw	More energy from the sun hits Earth every hour than the planet uses in a year.
facts	sfw	More than 180 countries celebrate Earth Day together every April 22nd.
facts	sfw	Morrow Tavern A two-story stone house occupied as a tavern by William Morrow stood on this site. George Washington, with staff, lodged here, Oct. 12, 1794, when traveling west to review troops assembled at Bedford to suppress the Whiskey Rebellion. 37 S. Main St., Chambersburg
facts	sfw	Mosquitoes are attracted to people who just ate bananas.
facts	sfw	Mosquitoes have 47 teeth.
facts	sfw	Most Koala bears can sleep up to 22 hours a day.
facts	sfw	Most cats don't like lemonade.
facts	sfw	Most elephants weigh less than the tongue of a blue whale.
facts	sfw	Most lipstick contains fish scales.
facts	sfw	Most rechargeable batteries can be recharged up to 1,000 times.
facts	sfw	Mount Everest rises a few millimeters every year.
facts	sfw	Mount Katahdin in Maine is the first place in the U.S. to get sunlight each morning.
facts	sfw	Mount Washington Tavern This building erected in 1816 was once a famous hostelry on the National Road. It is now used as a museum. Great Meadows nearby was once owned by George Washington. US 40, 1.2 miles NW of Farmington
facts	sfw	Mount Whitney, the highest mountain in the continental United States, and Zabriskie Point, the lowest point in the United States, are less than eighty miles apart.
facts	sfw	Mountain goats aren't actually goats. They are antelopes.
facts	sfw	Mt. Everest has grown one foot over the last 100 years.
facts	sfw	Muhlenberg House In this house Henry Melchior Muhlenberg, great Lutheran leader, lived from 1776 until his death in 1787. His son Peter Muhlenberg, a noted general of the American Revolution, lived here 1783-1802. 201 Main St. (old US 422), near W 3rd Ave., Trappe
facts	sfw	Muncy Laid out, 1799, by Benjamin McCarty. Named for the Monsey Indians, tribe of Delawares, who inhabited this area before arrival of the whites. Four Indian paths - Shamokin, Wyalusing, Wyoming, Towanda - formed a junction here. 260 E Water St. (PA 405) at hospital, Muncy
facts	sfw	Muncy Laid out, 1799, by Benjamin McCarty. Named for the Monsey Indians, tribe of Delawares, who inhabited this area before arrival of the whites. Four Indian paths - Shamokin, Wyalusing, Wyoming, Towanda - formed a junction here. 40 N Main St. at hist. soc., Muncy
facts	sfw	Napoleon Bonaparte was actually not short. At 5' 7", he was average height for his time.
facts	sfw	Napoleon suffered from a fear of cats.
facts	sfw	National Road Our first national road; fathered by Albert Gallatin. Begun in 1811 at Cumberland, Md.; completed to Wheeling in 1818. Toll road under State control, 1835-1905. Rebuilt, it is present U. S. Route 40. US 40 NW of Brier Hill at cemetery
facts	sfw	Nearly 9,000 people injure themselves with a toothpick each year.
facts	sfw	Neckties were first worn in Croatia, which is why they were called cravats.
facts	sfw	Nellie Bly A crusading journalist on Pittsburgh and New York newspapers, she won fame for her daring exploits and her investigations of social ills. In 1889-90, Bly circled the globe in 72 days. She was born Elizabeth Cochran and lived here as a child. 500 Terrace Avenue, Apollo
facts	sfw	Nescopeck After Braddock's defeat in 1755, the Delaware town of Nescopeck, across the river, was rendezvous for Indians hostile to Pennsylvania. A friendly Seneca, Silver Heels, saw 140 warriors dance the war dance here. US 11, .5 mile E of East Berwick
facts	sfw	Nescopeck From the mouth of Nescopeck Creek an Indian path went east over the mountains by the way of present Hazleton to the Lehigh near Mauch Chunk, then to the "Forks of the Delaware" at Easton. Front St. (US 11) at Fowler Ave., East Berwick
facts	sfw	Nescopeck Name of Shawnee-Delaware Indian village located here. From Braddock's defeat in 1755 until Fort Augusta was built in 1756 it was a rallying point for Indians hostile to the English. S side of 3rd St. (PA 93), SE of bridge, Nescopeck
facts	sfw	Neville House Known as Woodville. Built 1785 by Gen. John Neville; later occupied by his son, Col. Presley Neville. Refuge of Gen. Neville's family when some Whiskey Rebels burned his home at Bower Hill, July 17, 1794. PA 50 just S of Woodville (NHL site), Collier Twp./Heidelberg
facts	sfw	New Jersey is home to the world's first drive-in movie theater.
facts	sfw	New York City has over 800 miles of subway track.
facts	sfw	New York City is made up of 50 islands.
facts	sfw	New York City's public school students represent about 188 different countries.
facts	sfw	New York taxi drivers collectively speak about 60 languages.
facts	sfw	New York was the first state to require cars to have license plates.
facts	sfw	Newborn babies cannot cry tears for at least three weeks.
facts	sfw	Nicholas Depuy First known settler in this region, 1727. His home, stockaded and garrisoned, became the Fort Depuy of the French and Indian War, after 1755. River Rd. (SR 2028), betw. Depuy Rd. & Shawnee Church Rd., .5 mile NE of Shawnee
facts	sfw	No only child has been a U.S. President.
facts	sfw	No piece of paper can be folded more than seven times.
facts	sfw	No two lip impressions are the same.
facts	sfw	No word in the English language rhymes with month.
facts	sfw	Norway once knighted a penguin.
facts	sfw	OMG was added to dictionaries in 2011, but it's first known use was in 1917.
facts	sfw	Of all the trees in Australia, 75% are eucalyptus.
facts	sfw	Of the 92 counties in Indiana, only 5 observe daylight savings time.
facts	sfw	Ohio is the only U.S. state that does not have a rectangular flag.
facts	sfw	Oil Creek Along this stream the first white explorers found Indians skimming surface oil. From 1859 to 1865, the center of oil production and its refining was along the banks of Oil Creek. Smock Blvd. (PA 8) at Bloss St. and deadend of S Franklin St., Titusville
facts	sfw	Old Arch Bridge The restored stone bridge opposite was built in 1813. It was part of the turnpike from Harrisburg to Pittsburgh. The arch is without a keystone. Bus. 22, just E of Lewistown
facts	sfw	Old Court House "Widow Piper's Tavern," used for Cumberland County court-sessions, 1750-51, until a court house was erected at Carlisle, the county seat. The house is now the home of the Shippensburg Civic Club. E King St. (US 11) & N Queen St., Shippensburg
facts	sfw	Old Courthouse First courthouse for Adams County stood in old Center Square from 1804 to 1859. The land for the Square was given by James Gettys. SW section of Square, York (Rt. 30) & Baltimore Sts., Gettysburg
facts	sfw	Old Economy Third and last home, 1825-1905, of the Harmony Society, religious community founded by George Rapp in 1805. Administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission. At site, 13th & Church Sts., Ambridge
facts	sfw	Old French Road Here the modern highway leaves the course of the Presque Isle Portage, part of the historic Venango Trail. The French Road, built in 1753, following an Indian path, turned down into the valley. Old French Rd. (PA 97) near Gore Rd., S of Erie
facts	sfw	Old Log Building The one-and-a-half story structure that stands about 100 yards north of here is one of the oldest buildings in Waynesboro. Built for a schoolhouse and church between 1770 and 1780 by John Bourns. Later used as a dwelling. E. Main St. & Roadside Ave., Waynesboro
facts	sfw	Old Log Church On land granted by John Schell for the purpose of erecting a union church, construction of this primitive log church building was begun in 1806 by the Reformed and Lutheran Congregations of this area. Lincoln Hwy. (US 30), near Cemetery Rd., just W of Schellsburg
facts	sfw	Old Salem Church Standing on land granted for religious purposes in 1785 by John Harris, this church was erected, 1822. It replaced one built of logs in 1787, the first church structure in present-day Harrisburg. Chestnut St. between 2nd & 3rd Sts., Harrisburg
facts	sfw	Old State Line The northern boundary of Pennsylvania, before the purchase of the Erie Triangle in 1792, crossed the highway at this point. The State paid $151, 640.25 for the Erie tract and its port on the Lakes. US 19N near Sharp Rd. and golf course, ~4.5 mi. N of Waterford
facts	sfw	Old State Line The northern boundary of Pennsylvania, before the purchase of the Erie Triangle in 1792, crossed the highway at this point. The State paid $151,640.25 for the Erie tract and its port on the Lakes. Edinboro Rd. (PA 99) at N Main St., McKean
facts	sfw	Old State Line The northern boundary of Pennsylvania, before the purchase of the Erie Triangle in 1792, crossed the highway at this point. The State paid $151,640.25 for the Erie tract and its port on the Lakes. Main St. (PA 8) at S end of Wattsburg
facts	sfw	Old State Line The northern boundary of Pennsylvania, before the purchase of the Erie Triangle in 1792, crossed the highway at this point. The State paid $151,640.25 for the Erie tract and its port on the Lakes. W Main St. (US 20) near Old Ridge Rd., Girard
facts	sfw	Old State Line The northern boundary of Pennsylvania, before the purchase of the Erie Triangle in 1792, crossed the highway at this point. The state paid $151,640.25 for the Erie tract and its port on the Lakes. W Lake Rd. (PA 5) at Happy Valley Rd., E of North Springfield
facts	sfw	Old Stone House Pioneer wayside inn. Built in 1822 and reconstructed in 1963. At site, Hallston Rd. (SR 1010), just up from Wm. Flynn Hwy. (PA 8), W of Hallston
facts	sfw	Old Swedish Burial Ground Site of first St. Paul's Episcopal Church, built in 1702. The grave of John Morton, a signer of the Declaration of Independence, is located just south of here. inside cemetery entrance at 3rd St., E of Ave. of the States, Chester
facts	sfw	Old Woolen Factory A short distance SE, along the Loyalsock, is the site of old factory established in 1810 by Samuel Rogers, Jr. During the War of 1812, it made kersey cloth for the army. Flood in 1816 stopped operation of the factory. Junction PA 87 & 154, Forksville
facts	sfw	On Valentine's Day, there is no charge to get married in the Empire State Building's chapel.
facts	sfw	On average a human will spend up to 2 weeks kissing in his/her lifetime.
facts	sfw	On average a man spends about five months of his life shaving.
facts	sfw	On average, a laptop uses half as much energy as a desktop computer.
facts	sfw	On average, you'll spend a year of your life looking for misplaced objects.
facts	sfw	One acre of peanuts will make about 30,000 peanut butter sandwiches.
facts	sfw	One brow wrinkle is the result of 200,000 frowns.
facts	sfw	One in six doctors in America was trained in Philadelphia.
facts	sfw	One is the only number with letters in reverse alphabetical order.
facts	sfw	One lemon tree will produce about 1,500 lemons a year.
facts	sfw	One lump of sugar is equivalent to three feet of sugar cane.
facts	sfw	One out of every eight residents in the U.S. lives in California.
facts	sfw	Only female mosquitoes bite.
facts	sfw	Only male fireflies can fly.
facts	sfw	Only male turkeys gobble.
facts	sfw	Oregon has more ghost towns than any other US city.
facts	sfw	Osborne's Hill - PLAQUE From this ridge General Howe directed the movements of the British Army at the Battle of Brandywine, September 11, 1777. Birmingham Rd. (SR 2001) & Country Club Rd. at driveway to Osborne Hill, S of West Chester
facts	sfw	Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
facts	sfw	Over 1 million Earths would fit inside the Sun.
facts	sfw	Over 50 percent of your body heat is lost through your head and neck.
facts	sfw	Over half of the world's geysers are found in Yellowstone National Park.
facts	sfw	Owls are one of the only birds who can see the color blue.
facts	sfw	Oysters can change from one gender to another and back again.
facts	sfw	Panama is the only place in the world where you can see the sun rise on the Pacific and set on the Atlantic.
facts	sfw	Panda bears eat up to 16 hours a day.
facts	sfw	Patterson's Fort A stockade built about 1755 to protect settlers from Indian marauders. Capt. James Patterson was builder and commandant. It was located nearby to overlook the Juniata. Wm. Penn Hwy. (SR 3001), near Gill Rd. (Rt. 382), just E of Mexico
facts	sfw	Paxton Riflemen Under Capt. Matthew Smith and Lt. Michael Simpson, a company of riflemen from Paxton Township marched to Quebec, Canada, to serve with Montgomery in the attack on that city on December 31, 1775. U.S. 22, 5.7 miles NE of Harrisburg
facts	sfw	Peace Church Present building erected in 1798 by a Reformed congregation. Half-interest obtained in 1806 by a Lutheran congregation; in joint use until 1866. Kept in its original form; used for special services. at site, PA 641 (Trindle Rd.) at St. John's Rd., W of Camp Hill
facts	sfw	Pearl Bailey (1919-1990) Bailey, who lived here as a youth, became one of America's most prominent entertainers. She sang with the big bands during the 1940s and gained her greatest fame in the 1967 Broadway production of "Hello, Dolly!" 1946 N 23rd St., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Pearls dissolve in vinegar.
facts	sfw	Penguins can jump 6 feet.
facts	sfw	Penguins have an organ above their eyes that converts seawater to fresh water.
facts	sfw	Penn Common Set aside in 1805 by the heirs of William Penn as a common for the inhabitants of York. W College Ave. at S Beaver, Penn Park, York (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Penn Landing Oct. 29, 1682, soon after finishing a two-months' voyage, William Penn first set foot on his colony of Pennsylvania, granted by Charles II the year before. The site is a block south. SE corner, 2nd (Pa. 291) & Penn Sts., at end of park, Chester
facts	sfw	Penn's Common Given in common to the citizens of Reading, in 1748, by the family of William Penn. Perkiomen Ave. (Business U.S. 422 westbound), near 11th & Penn intersection, Reading
facts	sfw	Pennsbury Manor Arrow symbol [and in tiny letters] Administered By The Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission Pennsbury Rd. & Bordentown Rd., E of Tullytown
facts	sfw	Pennsbury Manor William Penn's country home in Pennsylvania, built 1683-1700. Here he often resided while in America. Re-created by the State as a historic shrine. Follow this road for 3.5 miles. Bordentown Rd. at Main St., Tullytown
facts	sfw	Pennsbury Manor William Penn's country home in Pennsylvania, built 1683-1700. Here he often resided while in America. Re-created by the State as a historic shrine. Location is about 3 miles to the SE. Tyburn Rd. (SR 2020) at Old 13, Morrisville, ~3 miles NW of site
facts	sfw	Pennsbury William Penn's country home in Pennsylvania, built 1683-1700. Administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission. At site, 400 Pennsbury Meml. Ln., E of Tullytown
facts	sfw	Pennsdale Meeting The Friends Meeting House opposite was built in 1799. It was erected to provide a place of worship for the numerous Quaker settlers of this region. Junction Village Rd. & Quaker Church Rd., near meetinghouse, Pennsdale
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Canal A system of State-built public works to connect Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Lake Erie. The Delaware Division, Bristol-Easton, begun 1827; operated by the State 1831-58, and by private owners to 1931. A State Park since 1940. PA 611 at Durham Furnace (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. At I-90 Welcome Ctr., just W of state line (NY Border)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. Baltimore Pike (PA 94) at Sherman's Church Rd., .5 miles from state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. Barrens Rd. (PA 24) at state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. Big Tree Rd. (PA 69) at state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. Bridge St. (Old US 1 / Rt. 32), at Central Ave., 1 block from Delaware River, Morrisville
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. Hancock Hwy. (PA 191) at Winterdale Rd. (SR 4014) near state line (Missing)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. Lackawanna Trail (US 11), N of Great Bend, ~1/2 mile S of NY state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. Main St. (PA 449) just S of intersection with N Genesee/Commercial St., in median opposite bank, Genesee
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. Market St. (US 62) at state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. PA 318 at state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. PA 41 at Kaolin Rd. overpass, approx. .7 miles from state line, New Garden Twp.
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. PA 413, .4 miles west of bridge at state line, Bristol (Missing)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. PA 446 at state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. PA 5, E at state line (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. PA 51 at PA/OH state line (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. PA 611, just west of state line and Portland Columbia bridge
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. PA 90, .2 miles from state line (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. PA 96, 1000 ft. from state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. Pa. 14, 1.5 miles from state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. Rt. 206 at Milford Bridge toll plaza, Milford
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. S side of Tamarack Dr. (Rt. 718), Five Points, NW of Sharpsville, at state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. SR 358 (Vernon Rd.) at state line, ~3 miles W of Maysville
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. Sheltz Rd. (Rt. 851), 100 yds. from stateline
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 1, approx. 300 yards west of Delaware River Bridge (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 1, just N of state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 119, 175 ft. N of state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 13 by-pass, approx. 100 feet from state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 15 ~.5 mile from state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 15, 200 yards from state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 202 near Pyle Rd. at state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 219, just S of state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 22 at state line (Missing)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 220 & 309, .3 miles from state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 220 , 1650 feet from state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 222 at state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 224 at state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 30, .4 miles from PA/WV state line (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 322, .4 miles from state line (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 40 at state line (Missing)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 422 at state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 6, 200 feet from state line (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 97 at Mathias Rd., .4 miles from state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. W Ridge Rd. (US 20), Springfield, at state line (OH border)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of The Declaration of Independence and The Constitution of The United States. E side of Buck Valley / Warfordsburg Rd., just N of state line, S of Warfordsburg
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker Commonwealth. Birthplace of the DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. US 11 at Mason Dixon Rd., Middleburg, near MD state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. Mason Dixon Hwy. (PA 219), S of Salisbury at state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Founded 1681 by William Penn as a Quaker commonwealth. Birthplace of THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE and THE CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES. National Pike (US 40), near Old Forty Rd., SE of Addison at state line
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Furnace The remaining buildings here were part of the iron works established about 1810. Operating first as a charcoal iron manufactory, the furnace later used coke. Iron was made here as late as 1888. Spruce Creek Rd. (PA 45) at Pennsylvania Furnace Rd., PA Furnace
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Gravity The Pennsylvania Coal Co. gravity railroad was in operation between lower Pittston and Hawley from 1850 to 1884. It crossed the highway by overhead trestle near this point. This was plane No. 7. E Drinker St., near ramp for I-81, Dunmore
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Hall Built on this site in 1838 by the Pennsylvania Anti-Slavery Society as a meeting place for abolitionists, this hall was burned to the ground by anti-Black rioters three days after it was first opened. N 6th St. south of Race St., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Rifle Misnamed Kentucky Rifle, this famous weapon of the frontier was developed in the 1700's at Lancaster, which was the center for its manufacture. Marietta Pike (PA 23), at Little Conestoga Creek, near Oakwood Ln., west end of Lancaster
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania Rifle Misnamed Kentucky Rifle, this famous weapon of the frontier was developed in the 1700's at Lancaster, which was the center for its manufacture. PA 462 (old US 30), .8 mile E of Lancaster (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Pennsylvania is misspelled on the Liberty Bell, because that is how they spelled it in the 18th century.
facts	sfw	Pennypacker's Mill and Mansion Washington's headquarters, September, October 1777. Last home of Samuel W. Pennypacker, Governor of Pennsylvania, 1903-1907. He died here September 2, 1916. At site inside fence, Haldeman Rd. near Skippack Pike (PA 73), jus E of Schwenksville
facts	sfw	People don't sneeze when they are asleep because the nerves involved in the sneeze reflex are also resting.
facts	sfw	Perkiomen Bridge Built in 1799, it is one of the oldest bridges still in use in the State. A lottery was authorized by a 1797 law to raise $20,000 for its construction. E Main St. / Ridge Pike (SR 4031 / old US 422) at bridge, E end of Collegeville
facts	sfw	Perry's Shipyards Perry's ships, the Lawrence, the Niagara, and the Ariel, were built in spring, 1813, at the foot of this street. His warehouses, blockhouse, and lookout station were also located there. W 6th & Cascade Sts., Erie
facts	sfw	Philadelphia Knights of Pythias Founded in 1907 by politician and civic leader, B.G. Collier, this order first met above a South Philadelphia barber shop. In 1913 the lodge moved to this site, erecting a new building here in 1923. SE corner, S 19th & Addison Sts., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Philadelphia Pyramid Club Founded by prominent members of the Black community, this club fostered, encouraged, and gave expression to civic, social, and cultural opportunities for African-Americans denied to them by other organizations in the area. 1517 Girard Ave., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Philadelphia Tribune Founded in 1884 by Christopher Perry, the Tribune, located here, began as a single, hand-printed page dedicated to improving the everyday life of Blacks. It is the oldest continuously published Black newspaper in the nation. 520-26 S 16th St., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Philadelphia was the first capital of the United States.
facts	sfw	Philander Knox Born May 6, 1853 in a house still standing on Front Street. Attorney-General in 1901, leading the anti-trust fight. A U.S. Senator, 1904-09. Secretary of State under Taft. Re-elected Senator in 1917. Died in 1921. 322 Front St., Brownsville
facts	sfw	Philip Livingston One of the Signers of the Declaration of Independence; died in June, 1778, while attending Continental Congress as delegate from New York. His grave is about 300 feet west of here. N. George St. (Bus. I-83) at Prospect Hill Cemetery, York
facts	sfw	Phineas Davis Site of shop where, in 1831, Davis designed and built first coal-burning locomotive steam engine in United States, called "The York." Here, also, was built "The Codorus," first iron steamboat made in America. NW corner, King & Newberry Sts., York
facts	sfw	Pigeon The name of this town recalls the now-extinct passenger pigeon, which in vast flights nested in the beech groves of this area. The nestlings were taken as food each spring by the Seneca Indians. PA 66 just N of Pigeon Ln., ~6 miles NE of Marienville
facts	sfw	Pigeons have been trained by the U.S. Coast Guard to spot people lost at sea.
facts	sfw	Pigs can get sunburn.
facts	sfw	Pigs were banished from Philadelphia's city streets in 1710.
facts	sfw	Pilates stretches your muscles, improving your posture and helping you appear taller.
facts	sfw	Pilger Ruh "Pilgrim's Rest" was the name given to this spring on the Tulpehocken Path by Count Zinzendorf, the Moravian missionary, on his journey to the Indian towns of Shamokin and Wyoming in 1742. Bethel Rd. (PA 501) at Pilger Ruh Rd., N of Bethel near Schuylkill Co. line
facts	sfw	Pine Creek Presbyterian Church Just south along Pine Creek was the site of the first Presbyterian Church in this area, organized in 1792. It was the ancestor of the Jersey Shore Presbyterian Church, organized in 1851. Allegheny St. (PA 44) near Depot St., Jersey Shore
facts	sfw	Pine Plains This area was known by pioneers as the "Pine Plains." In 1790 near this spot Timothy Pickering met Red Jacket and his Senecas. They were on the way to the peace council at Tioga Point. Keystone Ave. (PA 199), at First Church of God, Sayre
facts	sfw	Pistol shrimp can make a noise loud enough to break glass.
facts	sfw	Pithole City Site of oil-boom town of 15,000. Established in 1865, a ghost town by 1868. Administered by the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission. At site on Pithole Rd. (SR 1006)
facts	sfw	Pittsburgh Gateway to the West and steel center of the world. Named for William Pitt by Gen. Forbes after the fall of French Fort Duquesne in 1758. Laid out as a town by John Campbell in 1764. Incorporated as a city, 1816. Ohio River Blvd. (PA 65), N city line (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Pittsburgh Gateway to the West and steel center of the world. Named for William Pitt by Gen. Forbes after the fall of French Fort Duquesne in 1758. Laid out as a town by John Campbell in 1764. Incorporated as a city, 1816. PA 65 at north city line (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Pittsburgh Gateway to the West and steel center of the world. Named for William Pitt by Gen. Forbes after the fall of French Fort Duquesne in 1758. Laid out as a town by John Campbell in 1764. Incorporated as a city, 1816. PA 8 & PA 28, Millvale (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Pittsburgh Gateway to the West and steel center of the world. Named for William Pitt by Gen. Forbes after the fall of French Fort Duquesne in 1758. Laid out as a town by John Campbell in 1764. Incorporated as a city, 1816. US 19 north of city line (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Pittsburgh Gateway to the West and steel center of the world. Named for William Pitt by Gen. Forbes after the fall of French Fort Duquesne in 1758. Laid out as a town by John Campbell in 1764. Incorporated as a city, 1816. US 30 westbound, at Forest Hills Park
facts	sfw	Pittsburgh Gateway to the West and steel center of the world. Named for William Pitt by Gen. Forbes after the fall of French Fort Duquesne in 1758. Laid out as a town by John Campbell in 1764. Incorporated as city, 1816. PA 51 at S city line, near Stewart Ave. (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Pittston Fort Erection begun 1772, by Connecticut proprietors. Forced to surrender to the British, July 4, 1778, and partially destroyed. Restored 1780, and used until after the end of the Revolutionary War. N Main & Parsonage Sts., Pittston
facts	sfw	Place a slice of bread in the storage container to keep cookies soft when storing.
facts	sfw	Place an apple in the bag with your potatoes to keep them from budding.
facts	sfw	Plants, like humans, can run a fever if they are sick.
facts	sfw	Playing in a marching band is considered moderate exercise.
facts	sfw	Pluto takes 248 years to orbit the sun once.
facts	sfw	Poison Ivy is not Ivy and Poison Oak is not an Oak. They are both part of the Cashew family.
facts	sfw	Polar bear fur is transparent, not white.
facts	sfw	Polar bears can smell a seal from 20 miles away.
facts	sfw	Pomology is the study of fruit.
facts	sfw	Popcorn was invented by the American Indians.
facts	sfw	Porcupines each have 30,000 quills.
facts	sfw	Portage Railroad Here was No. 6 of the ten inclined planes used to carry canal boats by rail, Hollidaysburg to Johnstown. This unique engineering feat was completed in 1834. The road was 36 miles long. (SR 3012 / old US 22) eastbound, just E of Cambria Co. line
facts	sfw	Portage Railroad Here was No. 6 of the ten inclined planes used to carry canal boats by rail. Hollidaysburg to Johnstown. This unique engineering feat was completed in 1834. The road was 36 miles long. (SR 3012 / old US 22) westbound, just E of Cambria Co. line
facts	sfw	Potatoes have more chromosomes than humans.
facts	sfw	Potter's Fort Built 1777 by Gen. James Potter. A stockaded fort refuge for the settlers of the valley region. The site is on the nearby rise. S Pennsylvania Ave. (PA 144) just NW of Earlystown Rd./Penns Valley Pk. (PA 45), SE of Centre Hall
facts	sfw	Pound cake got its name from the original recipe which called for a pound of butter.
facts	sfw	Powerful earthquakes can make the Earth spin faster.
facts	sfw	President Chester A. Arthur owned 80 pairs of pants, which he changed several times per day.
facts	sfw	President Warren G. Harding once lost white house china in a poker game.
facts	sfw	President William McKinley had a pet parrot that he named "Washington Post."
facts	sfw	President William Taft weighed over 300 lbs and once got stuck in the white house bathtub.
facts	sfw	Presidential Convention The Whig Convention of Dec. 1839 met in this church and nominated Wm. Henry Harrison for president, John Tyler for vice-president. Popularized as "Tippecanoe and Tyler Too," they were elected, 1840. 15 S. 4th St. at Zion Lutheran Church, Harrisburg
facts	sfw	Provincial Courthouse Continental Congress held its session, Sept. 30, 1777-June 28, 1778 in Courthouse which stood in the center of this square. Here, Treaties with France and Articles of Confederation were adopted. Market & George Sts., SE section of Square, York
facts	sfw	Purchase of 1768 The northern corner of the Indian land purchase based on the Fort Stanwix Treaty was a huge cherry tree at Canoe Place, now Cherry Tree village. This point is now the junction of the counties of Cambria, Clearfield, and Indiana. US 219 at Cherry Tree
facts	sfw	Pymatuning Delaware Indian village on opposite river bank about 1764-1785. Name was once used for upper Shenango River, which flowed from Pymatuning Swamp, now Pymatuning Reservoir. PA 258 E of Clark (Missing) (GPS coords. are approx.)
facts	sfw	Queen Cleopatra of Egypt was not actually Egyptian.
facts	sfw	Queen Esther's Town On the terrace below here resided Esther Montour, of the noted French-Indian family, and her group of Munsee Indians. The town was burned in 1778 by Col. Hartley. US 220 (E side), .3 miles N of Milan (Missing)
facts	sfw	Queen Isabella I of Spain, who funded Columbus' voyage across the ocean, claimed to have only bathed twice in her life.
facts	sfw	Radnor Meeting House A center of Friends' activities since 1686. The second house, built about 1721, served as an officers' house and a hospital for the Valley Forge encampment. Sproul Rd. (PA 320) & Conestoga Rd SR (SR 1019), Ithan, S of St. Davids
facts	sfw	Raindrops can fall as fast as 20 miles per hour.
facts	sfw	Rats and mice are ticklish, and even laugh when tickled.
facts	sfw	Reading Laid out 1748 by direction of Thomas Penn. Seat of Berks County since 1752. Incorporated borough, 1783. Soon became, and has remained, center of the Pennsylvania-Dutch area. An old and progressive industrial community. US 122 N
facts	sfw	Reading Laid out 1748 by direction of Thomas Penn. Seat of Berks County since 1752. Incorporated borough, 1783. Soon became, and has remained, center of the Pennsylvania-Dutch area. An old and progressive industrial community. US 122 S
facts	sfw	Recycled paper is made using 40% less energy than normal paper.
facts	sfw	Refrigerating apples can help them last up to 10 times longer than those left at room temperature.
facts	sfw	Relative to size, the tongue is the strongest muscle in the human body.
facts	sfw	Remove all the space between its atoms and Earth would be the size of a baseball.
facts	sfw	Replacing your car's air filter can improve gas mileage by 10 percent.
facts	sfw	Rev. Steel's Fort The Rev. John Steel, pastor of Upper West Conococheague, was made militia captain; and his church, stockaded in 1755, provided protection from hostile Indians. The site is at Church Hill. Buchanan Trail (PA 16) at Findley Rd., 2.3 miles SE of Mercersburg
facts	sfw	Rice's Fort The site of this fortified blockhouse, built during the Revolution by Abraham Rice, was about six miles north on Buffalo Creek. It was attacked by a force of Indians in September, 1782, but withstood the siege. US 40 at Lake Rd. (SR 3001), 3.5 miles W of Claysville
facts	sfw	Right handed people tend to chew food on the right side and lefties chew on the left.
facts	sfw	Rinsing bacon under cold water before frying can reduce the amount it shrinks by almost 50 percent.
facts	sfw	Robert Lowry The famed hymn-writer lived in this house, 1869-75. Here, some of his best known hymns were written. His music was sung in many foreign lands. One of his works is, "Shall We Gather at the River." Lowry died in 1899. 110 University Ave. near Loomis St., Lewisburg
facts	sfw	Rock Ford Name of Colonial mansion of Edward Hand, Adjutant General of the Continental Army, and notable Lancaster physician. George Washington was entertained here in 1791. The old mansion is about half a mile to the southeast. S. Duke St. ext., Lancaster, at Conestoga River
facts	sfw	Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
facts	sfw	Russell House This house, built in 1816 by the Hon. James Russell, first burgess of Bedford, is considered a fine example of Georgian style of the Post-Colonial period. 203 S. Juliana St., Bedford
facts	sfw	Russell Tavern The original building in which George Washington lodged in October, 1794, while engaged in quelling the Whiskey Rebellion is standing just west within view of this point. PA 34 at Goldenville Rd., ~4 miles N of Gettysburg
facts	sfw	Sadie T.M. Alexander (1898-1989) The first Black woman to be admitted to the bar in Pennsylvania, she lived here in her later years. Active in the Urban League, she was appointed, 1946, to the President's Committee on Civil Rights. 700 Westview St., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Sailors once thought wearing gold earrings improved eyesight.
facts	sfw	Samuel Meredith The first Treasurer of the U.S., 1789-1801, and Revolutionary patriot, spent the last years of his life at Pleasant Mount. Died here in 1817, on his estate, called Belmont. Great Bend Trnpk. (PA 371) & Belmont Trnpk. (PA 670) at Belmont Corner W of Pleasant Mount
facts	sfw	Samuel Phillippe Recognized as the inventor of the split-bamboo fishing rod in the U.S. His first rent and glued-up cane rod was made about 1846 in his gunsmith shop that stood on this site. NW corner of S. 3rd St. & Pine St., Easton
facts	sfw	Schoch Blockhouse This pioneer refuge during the Revolutionary War era was located at a spring 100 yards south. Built on Matthias Schoch's tract about 1770 and in use until 1783. US 522 W of Middle Creek, at village of Kreamer
facts	sfw	Sconnelltown - PLAQUE Cornwallis' Division of the British Army halted here September 11, 1777, on its march to the battlefield of Brandywine. At Birmingham Rd. (SR 3061) & Squires Dr., S of PA 842 SW of West Chester
facts	sfw	Scranton Ebenezer Slocum built his first house, and made the first iron here prior to 1800. Its founding, naming, and growth as a city were due to George W. Scranton and associates. Leader in iron and steel for 60 years after its founding, 1840. PA 307 E of Scranton, (Missing)
facts	sfw	Sea otters hold each other's paws while sleeping so they don't drift apart.
facts	sfw	Seals sleep only one and a half minutes at a time.
facts	sfw	Searight's Tavern Stopping place on the old National Road. Also called the Half Way House, between Uniontown and Brownsville. William Searight, for years a road commissioner, acquired it in 1821. US 40 SE of Brier Hill (Missing)
facts	sfw	Searight's Tollhouse Erected by Pennsylvania, in 1835, to collect tolls on the old National Road. At site on National Pike (US 40) between Lacy Rd. & Dearth / Canistra Rds., 5 miles NW of Uniontown
facts	sfw	Selma Home of Andrew Porter, Revolutionary general. Birthplace of his sons; David R., Gov. of Penna., 1839-45; James M., Sec. of War, 1843; George B., Gov. of Michigan Territory, 1831-34. 1301 W. Airy St., Norristown
facts	sfw	Sephaniah Reese Automobile pioneer, best known for building a 3-wheel, 1-cylinder vehicle here, 1887-88, and operating it on Plymouth's streets. His machine shop, incorporated 1888, was an early bicycle maker; the firm was located here for over 80 years. 230 W. Main St., Plymouth
facts	sfw	Shakespeare invented the word assassination and bump.
facts	sfw	Shamokin Path Much-traveled Indian path; followed north shore of Susquehanna from Shamokin, now Sunbury, to the Big Island at Lock Haven. Used by Delawares and Shawnees on migration to the Ohio country before French and Indian War. PA 150, ~6 miles NE of Lock Haven (Missing)
facts	sfw	Shawnee Cabins A village site nearby on the Raystown Path. Named for a group of Shawnee Indians who halted here on their retreat from the Potomac to the lower Allegheny valley in the early 18th century. US 30 near Mill Rd., W of Schellsburg
facts	sfw	Shawnee Flats To this broad valley came groups of Shawnee Indians removed from the lower Susquehanna and Delaware to reside until dispersed to the upper Ohio country. The mid-18th century was the occupation period. US 11, .8 mile SW of Plymouth
facts	sfw	Shenango Town Wyandot and Delaware Indian town on nearby riverbanks about 1750-1785. Under control of Seneca Iroquois, of whom a few bands remained in this region until about 1812. New Castle Rd. (PA 118) N of Hewitt Rd., SE of West Middlesex (Missing)
facts	sfw	Sheshequin Path Bishop Spangenberg went through this valley on his way to Onondaga in 1745. He was impressed by woods so thick "one does not see the sun all day," and by mountains rising closely round him, suggesting "ant hills." PA 14 at Pleasant Stream Rd., Marsh Hill
facts	sfw	Sheshequin Path Indian trail joining the Iroquois country and the Shamokin area, passed near here. Conrad Weiser took this route to Onondaga, capital of the League, to represent the Province in council with the Iroquois. US 220 near Crest Rd., 3.1 miles NW of Towanda
facts	sfw	Shippen House Site of house occupied, 1751-1781, by Edward Shippen; lawyer, judge, Chairman Committee of Observation, and grandfather of Peggy Shippen Arnold. An earlier occupant was Thomas Cookson, first Burgess of Lancaster County. NW corner, Orange & Lime Sts., Lancaster
facts	sfw	Shrimp can only swim backward.
facts	sfw	Simon Cameron Noted leader in state and national politics, statesman, diplomat, member of Lincoln's cabinet, U.S. Senator. Was born, 1799, in a log house that stood on this site. Died in 1889 at Donegal Springs. W High St. near Cameron St., a block off square, Maytown
facts	sfw	Simon Snyder Born, 1759, on this site. Governor of Pennsylvania for three terms, 1808-17. His strong appeal for a call to arms, and a defense of sound currency, during War of 1812, are noteworthy. Died in 1819 at Selinsgrove. N. Queen St. just S of Walnut St., Lancaster
facts	sfw	Simpson Ferry Road Built about 1792. It extended from Michael Simpson's Ferry on the Susquehanna to Carlisle, following, at this point, a course later known as Simpson St. Used by many persons traveling to western part of State. Simpson St. near Walnut St., Mechanicsburg
facts	sfw	Sinnemahoning Path An ancient Indian trail connected the West Branch of the Susquehanna with the Upper Allegheny. From the Great Island at Lock Haven it followed the West Branch, the Sinnemahoning, and Portage Creek, to the Seneca Country. PA 120, ~14 miles NW of Lock Haven
facts	sfw	Sinnemahoning Path One of the earliest Indian paths through the Allegheny Mts. followed this valley. It connected the Upper Allegheny River with the Susquehanna. In 17th century the Senecas used it in war against the Susquehannocks. PA 120, 1.5 miles N of Driftwood
facts	sfw	Sisters' House Built in 1744. Brothers' House until 1748. Here unmarried sisters plied many of the arts and crafts for women. In 1778, Pulaski's banner was made by them. 50 W. Church St., near N New St., Bethlehem
facts	sfw	Slate Industry Robert M. Jones of Wales, who came here in 1848 as an immigrant, began the slate quarrying industry. The region became a major world center for slate. From here came slate for roofs and old-time school slates and pencils. Market St. (PA 512) near 1st St., Bangor
facts	sfw	Slugs have four noses.
facts	sfw	Smelling apples and/or bananas can help you lose weight.
facts	sfw	Smethport County seat for McKean County since 1807, when land agent Francis King surveyed town lots. The first cabin was built in 1811 by Arnold Hunter; but permanent settlement was delayed until 1822. First courthouse built in 1827. 500 W Main St. (US 6) at courthouse, Smethport
facts	sfw	Smile more - every two thousand frowns creates one wrinkle.
facts	sfw	Snails can sleep for up to three years.
facts	sfw	Snoopy is the most common dog name beginning with the letter S.
facts	sfw	Some bears build nests in trees to sunbathe and rest.
facts	sfw	Some dinosaurs were as small as chickens.
facts	sfw	Some violins contain 70 separate pieces of wood.
facts	sfw	Sound travels quicker in water than in air.
facts	sfw	Sound travels up to 15 times faster through steel than air, at speeds up to 19,000 feet per second.
facts	sfw	South Carolina is home to the first tea farm in the U.S.
facts	sfw	Spiny lobsters migrate in groups of 50 or more, forming a conga line on the ocean floor.
facts	sfw	Squids can have eyes the size of a volleyball.
facts	sfw	Squirrels lose more than half of the nuts they hide.
facts	sfw	St. David's Church Erected 1715 by Welsh Episcopalians, renovated 1871. Commemorated by Longfellow's poem. Final burial place of Gen. Anthony Wayne, whose remains were brought from Erie in 1809. SR 1046 (St. David's Rd.) at SR 1017 (Church Rd.) 2 miles SW of Wayne
facts	sfw	St. Joseph's Church Organized in 1882 by the Rev. Ignatius Jascovich, pioneer Slovak Catholic priest, St. Joseph's is the oldest Slovak Roman Catholic parish in the Western Hemisphere. 5th & Laurel Sts., adjacent to church steps and opposite St. Joseph School, Hazleton
facts	sfw	St. Michael's Church Founded by Ukrainian immigrants in 1884, St. Michael's was the first church of the Greek Catholic Rite in America. Present church edifice, of the Byzantine style, was erected in 1983. Corner of Chestnut & Oak Sts., Shenandoah
facts	sfw	St. Patrick's Church A restored log church a few miles from here is a fine example of a pioneer place of worship. It memorializes the first Roman Catholic congregation in this region. E Brady Rd. (PA 268) at SR 4007, Sugar Creek, ~4 miles NW of Cowansville
facts	sfw	Staple Bend Tunnel First railroad tunnel built in the U.S. and a part of the Portage Railroad. The masonry is intact and a unique engineering feat of the times. Can be visited a few miles east of here, via Mineral Point. PA 271 at Mineral Point Rd., 5 miles N of Johnstown
facts	sfw	Starrucca Viaduct Built in 1847-48 by the Erie Railroad, it is the oldest stone railroad bridge in the State in use today. Viaduct is 1040 feet long, 100 feet high, and 25 feet wide at the top. Viaduct St. (SR 1009), Lanesboro just east of viaduct
facts	sfw	State Capitol This building, which replaced the old brick capitol, was designed by Joseph M. Huston, and erected, 1902-1906. It was dedicated on October 4, 1906, in the term of Governor Samuel W. Pennypacker. Main entrance to Capitol (south of steps), Harrisburg
facts	sfw	Station WQED Television station, located here, opened April 1954, as first community-sponsored educational television station in America. In 1955 it was the first to telecast classes to elementary schools. 4802 5th Ave., Oakland (Pittsburgh)
facts	sfw	Steel is 100% recyclable.
facts	sfw	Stephen C. Foster Memorial Tribute to Pittsburgh's beloved writer of songs and ballads, including "Oh Suzanna," "Old Folks at Home," and "My Old Kentucky Home." Born in 1826 and died in 1864. Forbes Ave. just E of Bigelow Blvd., Oakland (Pittsburgh)
facts	sfw	Stephen Foster America's beloved writer of folk tunes and ballads attended, 1840-41, Athens Academy, which stood here. The Tioga Waltz, Foster's first music, was composed at that time. PA 199 (across from Tioga Point Mus.) in Athens
facts	sfw	Stephen Foster The great writer of folk songs and ballads lived in Towanda in 1840-41. He attended Towanda Academy on the hill a short time and stayed with his brother William, a canal official. U.S. 6 (Main St.) near State St., Towanda
facts	sfw	Stephen Smith (1795-1873) An abolitionist, Smith bought his freedom and was one of America's wealthiest Blacks with his coal, lumber, and real estate ventures. He was the major benefactor of the Stephen Smith Home for the Aged, located here. 1050 Belmont Ave., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Stephen Vincent Benet This talented author was born here July 22, 1898; died in New York March 13, 1943. "John Brown's Body" and his other poems and stories give vivid expression to the best in American spirit and tradition. NE corner, Ostrum & Bishopthorpe Sts., Fountain Hill
facts	sfw	Stepping out for a walk every day can actually help you sleep better at night.
facts	sfw	Stiegel Glass Manufactory On this site, from 1763 to 1774, "Baron" Henry William Stiegel made the glass for which he is famous. Erected in 1763, the building was torn down in 1813. 102 W. Stiegel St., at S Charlotte St., Manheim
facts	sfw	Stiegel Mansion Built in 1763; home of "Baron" Henry William Stiegel, the renowned glass manufacturer and ironmaster, 1763-1774. Also the residence, 1777-1778, of Robert Morris, Revolutionary War financier. 1 N. Main St. (PA 72), Manheim (Missing)
facts	sfw	Storm clouds hold about 6 trillion raindrops.
facts	sfw	Stourbridge Lion A replica of the famous Stourbridge Lion, first locomotive run on rails in the U.S., 1829, is housed here. Beside it is the Eclipse, original passenger coach on the D & H Gravity Railroad. Main St. (US 6) & 8th St., at historical soc., Honesdale
facts	sfw	Strawberries are grown in every state in the U.S. and every province in Canada.
facts	sfw	Strawberries are the only fruits whose seeds grow on the outside.
facts	sfw	Strawberries contain more vitamin C than oranges.
facts	sfw	Strawberries have an average of 200 seeds.
facts	sfw	Stuart's Raid Confederate cavalry under Gen. J.E.B. Stuart entered this state Oct. 10, 1862. Unable to burn the iron bridge at Chambersburg, they reentered Maryland near Emmitsburg, Oct. 11, circling the Union army. Blairs Valley Rd. about 100 yds. N of state line
facts	sfw	Studebaker Home Built ca. 1790 by David Studebaker, carpenter, farmer, and minister. He was related to the family that later built wagons and automobiles. The house is privately maintained as a museum. 200 W. King St. (PA 234) W of Abbottstown St. (PA 194), East Berlin
facts	sfw	Suesserott House Built about 1807. Later, it was the home of Dr. Jacob Suesserott, a prominent physician, dentist and surgeon. The fire started by Confederate cavalry on July 30, 1864, was arrested at this point. SW corner of Main & Washington Sts., Chambersburg
facts	sfw	Sugarloaf Massacre After an unsuccessful attack on Fort Augusta, Indians and Tories surprised a detachment of Northumberland Co. militia on Sept. 11, 1780. The site of the massacre is just beyond the town. E side of PA 93, at Hidden Creek Ct., near Conyngham
facts	sfw	Sullivan Expedition Against the Iroquois Indians, 1779 (Brinker''s Mill) - PLAQUE Site of Sullivan''s Stores, the advanced post of the Expedition. Hamilton Rd. (Route 209), near Neola Rd., Sciota
facts	sfw	Sullivan Expedition Against the Iroquois Indians, 1779 (Fort Penn)- PLAQUE The home of Col. Jacob Stroud was located here. Rendezvous for several companies for the expeditions uniting with main army at Learned's Tavern. inside historical assoc. at Main & 9th Sts., Stroudsburg
facts	sfw	Sullivan Expedition Against the Iroquois Indians, 1779 (Learned's Tavern)- PLAQUE The last house on the frontier. The end of the second day's march June 19, 1779. Distance 16 miles. Rt. 611 at bridge at Old Mill Rd., Tannersville
facts	sfw	Sullivan Expedition Against the Iroquois Indians, 1779 - Bullock Farm (PLAQUE) 3/4 mile west, on this road, was the end of the 5th day's march, June 22, 1779. Distance 5 miles. Rt 115 at cross roads, 6.5 miles SE of Wilkes-Barre
facts	sfw	Sullivan Expedition Against the Iroquois Indians, 1779 - Fort Wyoming (PLAQUE) Mobilization camp of Sullivan's Army, June 23 - July 31, 1779. River Commons, River St. near W. South St., Wilkes-Barre
facts	sfw	Sullivan Expedition Against the Iroquois Indians, 1779 - Heller's Tavern (PLAQUE) The end of the first day's march June 18, 1779. Distance 12 miles. S Broadway (PA 512) just N of Male Rd. (SR 1028), Wind Gap
facts	sfw	Sullivan Expedition Against the Iroquois Indians, 1779 - Lackawanay (PLAQUE) Ten miles from Wyoming. First encampment of Sullivan's army on its march from Wyoming to Teaoga, July 31, 1779, lay on lowlands directly across the river. PA 92, 1.5 miles N of West Pittston
facts	sfw	Sullivan Expedition Against the Iroquois Indians, 1779 - Sullivan Road (PLAQUE) Over which the Army began its advance. June 18-1779. Junction Sullivan Trail & Knox Ave.(SR 2025, former PA 115), N end of Easton
facts	sfw	Sullivan Expedition Against the Iroquois Indians, 1779 - Tunkhannock (PLAQUE) Twelve miles from Quialutimack on the march from Wyoming to Teaoga August 3, 1779 Lay on lowlands between this point and the river. US Bus. Rt. 6 (W Tioga St.) & Warren St., Tunkhannock
facts	sfw	Sullivan's March Brinker's Mill was the storehouse and advance post for the Sullivan Expedition, which left Easton June 18, 1779, to attack the hostile Iroquois Indians. Hamilton Rd. (Bus. US 209), near Neola Rd., Sciota
facts	sfw	Sullivan's March Gen. John Sullivan's army camped a short distance west from here on June 22, 1779. It was the fifth camp on the march from Easton. Next day the army reached Fort Wyoming, Wilkes-Barre. PA 115, 6.3 miles SE of Wilkes-Barre
facts	sfw	Sullivan's March Gen. John Sullivan's army camped here on June 21, 1779, after a 20-mile march. It was the fourth camp on the march from Easton to Fort Wyoming at Wilkes-Barre. PA 115, ~11 miles SE of Wilkes-Barre
facts	sfw	Sullivan's March Gen. John Sullivan's army camped just west Aug. 5-7, 1779, en route to attack the New York Iroquois. A major campaign, destroying 40 villages and ending the Indian-Tory frontier menace. US 6 near Moravian Rd., just over 1 mile SE of Wyalusing
facts	sfw	Sullivan's March Gen. John Sullivan's army camped on the Sheshequin Flats below, Aug. 9-10, 1779. The seventh and last overnight stop on the way to Tioga Point. U.S. 220, 1.3 miles N of Ulster
facts	sfw	Sullivan's March Gen. John Sullivan's army camped on the lowland here Aug. 4, 1779. The fourth encampment between Fort Wyoming and Tioga Point. Grand Army of the Republic Hwy. (US 6) at Blue Stone Rd. (Old US 6), Blue Stone, near Black Walnut
facts	sfw	Sullivan's March Gen. John Sullivan's army camped on the lowland on the opposite side of the river Aug. 1-2, 1779. It was the second camp from Fort Wyoming at Wilkes-Barre en route to Tioga. Sullivans Trail (PA 92), 2.8 miles S of Falls
facts	sfw	Sullivan's March Gen. John Sullivan's army camped on the lowland on the opposite side of the river, July 31, 1779. It was the first camp on the march from Fort Wyoming, Wilkes-Barre, to Tioga. PA 92, 1 mile N of West Pittston
facts	sfw	Sullivan's March Gen. John Sullivan's army camped on the nearby river lowlands Aug. 8-9, 1779 en route to attack the Six Nations Iroquois. Sixth camp between Wyoming and Fort Sullivan. US 6 at Tamarack Rd., ~6.2 miles NW of Wyalusing, at Standing Stone Twp. Bldg.
facts	sfw	Sullivan's March Heller's Tavern near Wind Gap was the site for Sullivan's army at the end of the first day's march from Easton, June 18, 1779. The army was astir at 4 the next morning, crossing the mountains at Wind Gap. S Broadway (PA 512) just N of Male Rd. (SR 1028), Wind Gap
facts	sfw	Sullivan's March Learned's Tavern marked the end of the second day's march from Easton to Fort Wyoming, at Wilkes-Barre. The army camped here June 19, 1779, after a 16-mile march from Heller's Tavern. Manor Dr. (PA 611) at Old Mill Rd. (CVS parking lot), Tannersville
facts	sfw	Summerseat Washington's headquarters Dec. 8-14, 1776. Built in 1773 by Thomas Barkley; restored in 1931. Owners included Robert Morris and George Clymer. Located at Legion and Clymer Aves. At site, Legion Ave. between Clymer & Hillcrest Ave., Morrisville
facts	sfw	Sun Inn Erection begun, 1758; enlarged and altered in 19th century. Considered one of the best inns of its time. Here many notable patriots and military leaders of the Revolutionary War period were entertained. 560 Main St. near W Broad St., Bethlehem
facts	sfw	Susquehanna Canal Masonry visible beside the river remains from a lock of the canal which carried goods southward from Columbia, and provided an outlet for trade from Pennsylvania to Baltimore. Long Level Rd. (PA 624), 1.8 miles NE of Craley
facts	sfw	Susquehanna Canal Now housing the Tucquan Club, the nearby stone building was originally a warehouse for deposit and shipping on the canal. Masonry fragments and a portion of the canal-bed may be seen nearby. Furnace Rd. (PA 425) at York Furnace
facts	sfw	Susquehanna University Founded 1858 by the Evangelical Lutheran Church as the Missionary Institute and Susquehanna Female College. The present corporate title was adopted in 1895. University Ave. near 18th St., Selinsgrove
facts	sfw	Susquehanna and Tidewater Canal Chartered by Pennsylvania, 1835; run by the canal company, 1840~1872, and the Reading Railroad till 1894. Followed the river for 45 miles below Columbia. Furnace Rd. (PA 425) at York Furnace
facts	sfw	Susquehanna and Tidewater Canal Chartered by Pennsylvania, 1835; run by the canal company, 1840~1872, and the Reading Railroad till 1894. Followed the river for 45 miles below Columbia. Long Level Rd. (PA 624), 1.8 miles NE of Craley
facts	sfw	Susquehanna and Tidewater Canal Chartered by Pennsylvania, 1835; run by the canal company, 1840~1872, and the Reading Railroad till 1894. Followed the river for 45 miles below Columbia. S Front St. (PA 624) across from Orange St., Wrightsville
facts	sfw	Swimming pools in the U.S. contain enough water to cover San Francisco.
facts	sfw	TV dinners originated in the Artic.
facts	sfw	Taft was the heaviest U.S. President at 329lbs; Madison was the smallest at 100lbs.
facts	sfw	Teaoga This strategic locality between the Chemung and the Susquehanna, shows signs of age-old residence by various Indian groups. Graves of an Andaste chief and his followers were unearthed here in 1883-95. PA 199, S end Chemung River Bridge into Athens (just past bar & grill)
facts	sfw	Tennessee banned the use of a lasso to catch fish.
facts	sfw	Tennessee was previously named Franklin after Benjamin Franklin.
facts	sfw	Tennis was originally played with bare hands.
facts	sfw	Terence V. Powderly Noted labor leader. Born Jan. 22, 1849, in Carbondale. Grand Master Workman of the Knights of Labor, 1879-93. Scranton's Mayor, 1878-84. Later Federal immigration official. Died in 1924. His home was near here. N. Main Ave. & Mears St., West Scranton
facts	sfw	Termites eat through wood two times faster when listening to rock music!
facts	sfw	Texas is the only state that permits residents to cast absentee ballots from space.
facts	sfw	Thaddeus Kosciuszko After serving as a military engineer during the American Revolution, he later led an uprising in his native Poland. Exiled, the General resided in this house from November, 1797, to May, 1798. NW corner, S 3rd & Pine Sts., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Thaddeus Stevens Lawyer, congressman, abolitionist, ironmaster, and defender of free public schools in Pennsylvania, lived in a house that stood on this site. He moved from here in 1842. 51 Chambersburg St., Gettysburg
facts	sfw	Thailand means "Land of the Free."
facts	sfw	The "high five" was introduced by a professional baseball player in 1977.
facts	sfw	The "lemon yellow" crayon was introduced in 1949 and retired in 1990.
facts	sfw	The "silk" of a spider is stronger than steel threads of the same diameter.
facts	sfw	The 1st public message to be transmitted via Morse code was "A patient waiter is no loser."
facts	sfw	The 4th Earl of Sandwich invented the sandwich so he could eat and gamble at the same time.
facts	sfw	The American Light Infantry - PLAQUE Near this place vigorously resisted the advance of the British at the Battle of Brandywine Sept. 11, 1777. US 1 (N side), 1 mile W of Chadds Ford
facts	sfw	The Basenji is the only type of dog that does not bark.
facts	sfw	The British Attack - PLAQUE Upon the American Right Wing under Sullivan at the Battle of Brandywine, September 11, 1777, Began here. W Street Rd. (PA 926) at Birmingham Rd. (SR 2001), West Chester
facts	sfw	The Capitol building in Washington, D.C. has 365 steps to represent every day of the year.
facts	sfw	The Caspian Sea is actually a lake.
facts	sfw	The Chicago river flows backwards, the flow reversal project was completed in 1900.
facts	sfw	The East Antarctic Ice Sheet is as thick as the Alps Mountains are high.
facts	sfw	The Empire State Building has 73 elevators.
facts	sfw	The Hawaiian alphabet only has 12 letters.
facts	sfw	The Inca built the largest and wealthiest empire in South America, but had no concept of money.
facts	sfw	The Japanese word "judo" means "the gentle way."
facts	sfw	The King of Hearts is the only king without a mustache.
facts	sfw	The Lemon-Yellow Tree Frog is only active in the darkness of night.
facts	sfw	The Library of Congress has 600 miles of shelves.
facts	sfw	The Lollipop was named after one of the most famous Racehorses in the early 1900s, Lolly Pop.
facts	sfw	The Mayflower only held 102 People.
facts	sfw	The Mona Lisa has no eyebrows.
facts	sfw	The Mounds Site of two Indian Burial Mounds built between 2,000 and 3,000 years ago by the Adena people. Late 19th century excavations found skeletons, pottery, copper implements, and other antiquities. Memorial Park, Mounds & Indiana Sts., Monongahela
facts	sfw	The National Park Service manages over 350 parks on 80 million acres of public land.
facts	sfw	The Nickname of President Hayes's wife was "Lemonade Lucy."
facts	sfw	The Pacific Ocean is eight inches higher than the Atlantic Ocean at the Panama Canal.
facts	sfw	The Philadelphia Contributionship for the Insurance of Houses from Loss by Fire ------ Oldest fire insurance company in America. Founded in 1752 by Benjamin Franklin and his friends. 212 S 4th St., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	The Sahara Desert stretches farther than the distance from California to New York.
facts	sfw	The San Francisco cable cars are the only mobile national monument.
facts	sfw	The Saturn V moon rocket consumed 15 tons of fuel per second.
facts	sfw	The Squares Set aside, at the time of Manor survey in 1761, by the family of William Penn, as property of the town of Bedford. S. Juliana St. at W Penn St., Bedford
facts	sfw	The Statue of Liberty features 7 points in her crown- one for each of the continents.
facts	sfw	The Statue of Liberty wears a size 879 sandal.
facts	sfw	The Statue of Liberty's nose is four feet six inches long.
facts	sfw	The T-rex's closest living relative is the chicken.
facts	sfw	The U.S. is the largest country named after a real person (Amerigo Vespucci).
facts	sfw	The Unknown Soldier - PLAQUE Within this crypt rests the bones of an unknown soldier in the war for Independence. He was one of more than five hundred men who died in the hospital here at Bethlehem, and was buried on this hill side. DAR House, 1st Ave. & W Market St., Bethlehem
facts	sfw	The Valley of Square Trees in Panama is the only known place in the world where trees have rectangular trunks.
facts	sfw	The White House was originally called the President's Palace. It became The White House in 1901.
facts	sfw	The Wildwood Boardwalk extends nearly two miles and has more than 70,000 wooden planks.
facts	sfw	The ZIP in the ZIP code stands for Zone Improvement Plan.
facts	sfw	The act of chewing an apple is a more efficient way to stay awake than caffeine.
facts	sfw	The amount of concrete used in the Hoover Dam could build a highway from New York to California.
facts	sfw	The aphid insect is born pregnant.
facts	sfw	The archer fish can spit water up to 7 feet to shoot down bugs from overhanging leaves.
facts	sfw	The area code in Cape Canaveral, Fl, is 321.
facts	sfw	The average American walks 18,000 steps a day.
facts	sfw	The average American will eat 35,000 cookies in his/her lifetime.
facts	sfw	The average bar of soap lasts twice as long as a bottle of body wash.
facts	sfw	The average cat can jump 5 times as high as its tail is long.
facts	sfw	The average housefly lives for one month.
facts	sfw	The average human dream lasts only 2 to 3 seconds.
facts	sfw	The average human eats 8 spiders in his/her lifetime while sleeping.
facts	sfw	The average human produces 10,000 gallons of saliva in a lifetime.
facts	sfw	The average koala sleeps 22 hours each day.
facts	sfw	The average lead pencil can draw a line 35 miles long or write roughly 50,000 English words.
facts	sfw	The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
facts	sfw	The average person makes 1,140 phone calls per year.
facts	sfw	The average person spends 2 weeks over his/her lifetime waiting for a traffic light to change.
facts	sfw	The average person spends about 2 years on the phone in a lifetime.
facts	sfw	The average person takes 23,000 breaths a day.
facts	sfw	The average person uses 150 gallons of water per day for personal use.
facts	sfw	The average raindrop falls at seven mph.
facts	sfw	The average smell weighs 760 nanograms.
facts	sfw	The average speed of a housefly is 4.5 mph.
facts	sfw	The average turtle can't reproduce until it's 25 years old.
facts	sfw	The average woman consumes six pounds of lipstick in her lifetime.
facts	sfw	The average woman is 5 inches shorter than the average man.
facts	sfw	The beaver is the official animal of Canada.
facts	sfw	The biggest pig in recorded history weighed almost one ton.
facts	sfw	The blue whale's heart is the size of a small car.
facts	sfw	The brain operates on the same amount of power as a 10-watt light bulb.
facts	sfw	The bullfrog is the only animal that never sleeps.
facts	sfw	The bumblebee bat is one of the the smallest mammal on Earth. It weighs less than a penny.
facts	sfw	The can opener was invented 48 years after the can.
facts	sfw	The center of some golf balls contain honey.
facts	sfw	The chicken is the closest living relative of Tyrannosaurus Rex.
facts	sfw	The city of Los Angeles has about 3x more automobiles than people.
facts	sfw	The coldest city in the U.S. is International Falls, Minnesota.
facts	sfw	The common garden worm has five pairs of hearts.
facts	sfw	The deepest place in the ocean is about seven miles deep.
facts	sfw	The dot over the letter i is called a tittle.
facts	sfw	The dots on a domino are called pips.
facts	sfw	The dragonfly can reach speeds of up to 36 mph.
facts	sfw	The eye makes movements 50 times every second.
facts	sfw	The fastest recorded speed of a racehorse was over 43 mph.
facts	sfw	The fastest served ball in tennis was clocked at 154 mph in 1963.
facts	sfw	The fear of vegetables is called lachanophobia.
facts	sfw	The first American gold rush happened in North Carolina, not California.
facts	sfw	The first MTV video was "Video Killed the Radio Star" by the Buggles.
facts	sfw	The first TV network kids show in the U.S. was "Captain Kangaroo."
facts	sfw	The first TV remote control, introduced in 1950, was called Lazy Bones.
facts	sfw	The first TV show ever to be put into reruns was "The Lone Ranger."
facts	sfw	The first TV soap opera debuted in 1946.
facts	sfw	The first TV toy commercial aired in 1946 for Mr. Potato Head.
facts	sfw	The first VCR was made in 1956 and was the size of a piano.
facts	sfw	The first ballpoint pens were sold in 1945 for $12.00.
facts	sfw	The first bike was called a hobbyhorse.
facts	sfw	The first country to use postcards was Austria.
facts	sfw	The first food eaten in space by a U.S. astronaut was applesauce.
facts	sfw	The first human-made object to break the sound barrier was a whip.
facts	sfw	The first jukebox was located in San Francisco in 1899.
facts	sfw	The first lighthouse to use electricity was the Statue of Liberty in 1886.
facts	sfw	The first lollipop was invented in Connecticut.
facts	sfw	The first penny had the motto "Mind your own business."
facts	sfw	The first person crossed Niagara Falls by tightrope in 1859.
facts	sfw	The first person in the U.S. arrested for speeding was a NYC cab driver.
facts	sfw	The first sailing boats were built in Egypt.
facts	sfw	The first spam message was transmitted over telegraph wires in 1864.
facts	sfw	The first sport to be filmed was boxing in 1894.
facts	sfw	The first traffic light was in use in London in 1868, before the advent of cars.
facts	sfw	The first typewriter was called the "literary piano."
facts	sfw	The first vacuum was so large, it was brought to a house by horses.
facts	sfw	The game of basketball was first played using a soccer ball and two peach baskets.
facts	sfw	The giant panda can eat up to 83 lbs of bamboo a day.
facts	sfw	The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher.
facts	sfw	The great white shark can go up to three months between meals.
facts	sfw	The height of the Eiffel Tower varies by as much as 6 inches depending on the temperature.
facts	sfw	The highest denomination issued by the U.S. was the 100,000 dollar bill.
facts	sfw	The hippopotamus has the capability to remain underwater for as long as five minutes.
facts	sfw	The human brain is about 80% water.
facts	sfw	The human brain takes up 2% of human body weight but uses 20% of its energy.
facts	sfw	The human jaw can generate a force up to 200 pounds on the molars.
facts	sfw	The hummingbird is the only bird that can fly backwards.
facts	sfw	The indentation between the nose and the upper lip is called the philtrum.
facts	sfw	The infinity sign is called a lemniscate.
facts	sfw	The jaguar, the largest cat in the Western Hemisphere, once lived all over the southern US.
facts	sfw	The largest ball of twine in the US weighs over 17,000.
facts	sfw	The largest cheesecake ever made weighed 57,508 lbs.
facts	sfw	The largest dog litter was 23 puppies.
facts	sfw	The largest fish is the whale shark - it can be over 50 feet long and weigh two tons.
facts	sfw	The largest hailstone ever recorded in the U.S. was 17.5 inches around.
facts	sfw	The largest pumpkin ever grown weighed 1,061 lbs.
facts	sfw	The last letter to be added to our alphabet was J.
facts	sfw	The legs of bats are too weak to support their weight, so they hang upside down.
facts	sfw	The letter J is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear anywhere on the periodic table of the elements.
facts	sfw	The lifespan of a taste bud is about ten days.
facts	sfw	The longest attack of hiccups ever lasted 68 years.
facts	sfw	The longest one syllable word is "screeched."
facts	sfw	The medical term for writer's cramp is graphospasm.
facts	sfw	The middle finger has the fastest growing nail.
facts	sfw	The most common name for a pet goldfish is 'Jaws.'
facts	sfw	The most popular ice cream flavor is vanilla.
facts	sfw	The most popular pet name in the United States is 'Max.'
facts	sfw	The most sensitive parts of the body are the mouth and the fingertips.
facts	sfw	The most used letters in the English language are E, T, A, O, I and N.
facts	sfw	The mouth of the Statue of Liberty is 3 feet wide.
facts	sfw	The muzzle of a lion is like a fingerprint - no two lions have the same pattern of whiskers.
facts	sfw	The name for the space between your eyebrows is "nasion."
facts	sfw	The name of the city of Portland, Oregon was decided by a coin toss. The name that lost was Boston.
facts	sfw	The name of the city we call Bangkok is 115 letters long in the Thai language.
facts	sfw	The nothingness of a black hole generates a sound in the key of B flat.
facts	sfw	The number 1 or the word One appears on the dollar bill 16 times.
facts	sfw	The number of times a cricket chirps in 15 seconds, plus 37, will give you the current air temperature.
facts	sfw	The number sign # is called an octothorpe.
facts	sfw	The official color of California's Golden Gate Bridge is International Orange.
facts	sfw	The official state gem of Washington is petrified wood.
facts	sfw	The official taxonomic classification for llamas is Llama glama.
facts	sfw	The oil in cashews helps prevent tooth decay.
facts	sfw	The oldest known animal was a tortoise, which lived to be 152 years old.
facts	sfw	The oldest living animal ever found was a 405 year-old clam, named Ming by researchers.
facts	sfw	The only bird that can swim and not fly is a penguin.
facts	sfw	The only bird who can see the color blue is the owl.
facts	sfw	The only cactus plantation in the world is in Mississippi.
facts	sfw	The only continent without reptiles or snakes is Antarctica.
facts	sfw	The only food that does not spoil is honey.
facts	sfw	The only insect that can turn its head is a praying mantis.
facts	sfw	The only jointless bone in the body is in your throat.
facts	sfw	The only lizard that has a voice is the Gecko.
facts	sfw	The only one-syllabled U.S. state is Maine.
facts	sfw	The optimum depth of water in a birdbath is two and a half inches.
facts	sfw	The original Cinderella was Egyptian and wore fur slippers.
facts	sfw	The original name of Nashville, Tennessee was Big Salt Lick.
facts	sfw	The original recipe for chocolate contained chili powder instead of sugar.
facts	sfw	The patent for the fire hydrant was destroyed in a fire.
facts	sfw	The peach was the first fruit to be eaten on the moon.
facts	sfw	The penny was the first U.S. coin to feature the likeness of an actual person.
facts	sfw	The pineapple is a very big berry.
facts	sfw	The planet Saturn's density is lower than water; in fact, it would float if placed in water.
facts	sfw	The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
facts	sfw	The pomegranate is one of the oldest fruits known to man.
facts	sfw	The popsicle was invented in 1905 by an 11-year-old boy.
facts	sfw	The pound sign, or #, is called an octothorp.
facts	sfw	The pupils in goats' eyes are rectangular.
facts	sfw	The quartz crystal in your wristwatch vibrates 32,768 times a second.
facts	sfw	The raised bump reflectors on U.S. roads are named "Botts dots."
facts	sfw	The ridges on the sides of coins are called reeding or milling.
facts	sfw	The roadrunner chases after its prey at a blurring speed of up to 25 mph.
facts	sfw	The sail fish has been clocked at speeds of over 60 miles per hour.
facts	sfw	The scientific term for a sneezing is sternutation.
facts	sfw	The shoreline at Wildwood grows almost 100 feet per year.
facts	sfw	The side of a hammer is called a cheek.
facts	sfw	The smallest county in America is New York County, better known as Manhattan.
facts	sfw	The smallest mammal in the world is the bumblebee bat, which weighs less than a penny.
facts	sfw	The soil on Mars is rust color because it's full of rust.
facts	sfw	The speed limit in NYC was eight mph in 1895.
facts	sfw	The spotted skunk does a handstand to warn off its enemies before it sprays its stench.
facts	sfw	The square dance is the official dance of the state of Washington.
facts	sfw	The standard Chinese typewriter has 1,500 characters.
facts	sfw	The starfish is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out.
facts	sfw	The state of Alabama once financed the construction of a bridge by holding a rooster auction.
facts	sfw	The state of Florida is bigger than England.
facts	sfw	The state of Maine has 62 lighthouses.
facts	sfw	The state of Tennessee was originally called Franklin.
facts	sfw	The strike note of The Liberty Bell is E flat.
facts	sfw	The sun evaporates about a trillion tons of water a day.
facts	sfw	The tallest man was 8 ft. 11 in.
facts	sfw	The temperature of the sun can reach up to 15 million degrees Fahrenheit.
facts	sfw	The term 007 was derived from 20007, the home zip code of many Washington, D.C. agents.
facts	sfw	The term rookies comes from a Civil War term, reckie, which was short for recruit.
facts	sfw	The tongue is the fastest healing part of the body.
facts	sfw	The top of the Empire State Building was originally built as a place to anchor blimps.
facts	sfw	The tradition of baseball managers wearing player uniforms started because the first managers were also players.
facts	sfw	The typewriter was invented in Milwaukee, WI in 1867.
facts	sfw	The watermelon seed-spitting world record is about 70 feet.
facts	sfw	The watersheds that supply water to New York City are roughly the size of Delaware.
facts	sfw	The weight of the moon is 81 billion tons.
facts	sfw	The woodpecker can hammer wood up to 16 times per second.
facts	sfw	The word "facetious" features all the vowels in alphabetical order.
facts	sfw	The word "purple" does not rhyme with any other word in the English language.
facts	sfw	The world's biggest pyramid is not in Egypt, but in Mexico.
facts	sfw	The world's first escalator was built in Coney Island, NY, in 1896.
facts	sfw	The world's largest silver nugget (1,840 lbs) was found in 1894 near Aspen, Colorado.
facts	sfw	The world's termites outweigh the world's humans about 10 to 1.
facts	sfw	The year that read the same upside down was 1961. That won't happen again until 6009.
facts	sfw	The youngest U.S. president to be in office was Theodore Roosevelt at age 42.
facts	sfw	Theodore Roosevelt had a pet bear while in office.
facts	sfw	Theodore Roosevelt was the only president who was blind in one eye.
facts	sfw	There are 118 ridges on the edge of a United States dime.
facts	sfw	There are 119 grooves on the edge of a quarter.
facts	sfw	There are 18 different animal shapes in the animal cracker zoo.
facts	sfw	There are 21 "secret" highways that are part of the Interstate Highway System. They are not identified as such by road signs.
facts	sfw	There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
facts	sfw	There are 336 dimples on a regulation American golf ball.
facts	sfw	There are 63,360 inches in a mile.
facts	sfw	There are about 1 million ants for every person in the world.
facts	sfw	There are approximately 7,000 feathers on an eagle.
facts	sfw	There are approximately 9,000 taste buds on your tongue.
facts	sfw	There are more French restaurants in New York City than in Paris.
facts	sfw	There are more chickens than people in the world.
facts	sfw	There are more doughnut shops per capita in Canada than in any other country.
facts	sfw	There are more saunas than cars in Finland.
facts	sfw	There are more species of fish in the Amazon river than in the Atlantic Ocean.
facts	sfw	There are more telephones than people in Washington, D.C.
facts	sfw	There are more than 30,000 diets on public record.
facts	sfw	There are over 2,000 different species of cactuses.
facts	sfw	There are over 61,000 pizzerias in the U.S.
facts	sfw	There are seven letters that look the same upside down as right side up.
facts	sfw	There are ten times more microbial cells than human cells in our bodies.
facts	sfw	There are towns named Sandwich in Illinois and Massachusetts.
facts	sfw	There is a museum of strawberries in Belgium.
facts	sfw	There is a ranch in Texas that is bigger than the entire state of Rhode Island.
facts	sfw	There is a town called "Big Ugly" in West Virginia.
facts	sfw	There is a town called Jackpot in Nevada.
facts	sfw	There is a town called Jersey Shore in Pennsylvania.
facts	sfw	There is a town in Alaska called Chicken.
facts	sfw	There is a town in South Dakota named Tea.
facts	sfw	There is an underground mushroom in Oregon that measures 3.5 miles across.
facts	sfw	Thomas Butler On this lot Thomas Butler had his home and gunshop about 1764; the latter still stands to the rear. Butler and five sons, all officers, served in the Revolution. Often referred to as the "Fighting Butlers." W. High St. between Pitt & West Sts., Carlisle
facts	sfw	Thomas Edison coined the word "hello" and introduced it as a way to answer the phone.
facts	sfw	Thomas Jefferson invented the coat hanger.
facts	sfw	Three Locks Preserved here are three locks of the Pennsylvania Canal, Juniata Division. Unique in that three locks and levels were adjacent. Stonework and the old bed of the canal can be seen. US 22/522 near Strodes Run Rd./Middle Rd., at Strodes Mills, 4.6 miles SW of Lewistown
facts	sfw	Three out of every six Americans live within fifty miles of where they were born.
facts	sfw	Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
facts	sfw	Tinicum First permanent settlement in present-day Pennsylvania, founded 1643 by Col. Johan Printz, governor of New Sweden. Seized by the Dutch in 1655, and by the English in 1664. PA 291 eastbound at Twp. Bldg., just NE of Essington
facts	sfw	To clean paint off your hands, use olive oil - it softens the paint and makes it easy to remove.
facts	sfw	To fix a button about to fall off, dab a little clear nail polish over the threads holding it on.
facts	sfw	To keep an ice cream cone from dripping, stuff a miniature marshmallow into the bottom of the cone.
facts	sfw	To make a zipper slide up and down more smoothly, rub a bar of soap over the teeth.
facts	sfw	To make one pound of honey, a honeybee must tap about two million flowers.
facts	sfw	To remove crayon marks from walls, use a hairdryer to heat the wax.
facts	sfw	To take lumps out of a bag of sugar, place it in the refrigerator for 24 hours.
facts	sfw	To temporarily revive your ballpoint pen, dip the tip into hot water for a few seconds.
facts	sfw	Today's "modern" wrestling moves have been seen in tomb drawings from ancient Egypt.
facts	sfw	Top-performing companies are called "blue chips" after the costliest chips in casinos.
facts	sfw	Travel History Five stages of travel can be recalled here. Concrete covers the old turnpike. Opposite are the ruins of the old canal. The Juniata was once filled with river craft. Across the river is the Pennsylvania Railroad. US 22/322 westbound at Bus. 22 exit, near Lewistown
facts	sfw	Trevose On the nearby hill stands the Great House of Joseph Growden, built about 1687. Growden was a prominent figure in provincial affairs. Later, Joseph Galloway, the Tory leader, lived here. US 1, 3.5 miles W of S. Langhorn (Missing)
facts	sfw	Tsiology is anything written about tea.
facts	sfw	Tug-of-war was an Olympic sport in the early 1900's.
facts	sfw	Tun Tavern Near here stood Tun Tavern, 1693-1781, which is regarded as the traditional birthplace of the United States Marine Corps, authorized by a resolution of the Continental Congress, November 10, 1775. SEMPER FIDELIS Front St., between Chestnut & Walnut, Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Tunkhannock The name of the Delaware Indian village located at the mouth of the creek in the mid-18th century. Visited by Cammerhof in 1749. Hays and Tatemy found it deserted in 1758. The name means "small stream." PA 92 at US 6, S of Tunkhannock (MISSING)
facts	sfw	Turning the faucet off while brushing your teeth can save up to 5 gallons of water.
facts	sfw	Twelve Mile Camp George Washington in 1758 set up a camp a mile north of this point while building Forbes Road. In 1774 Fort Shippen was built at the same site. Lincoln Hwy. (US 30) just W of PA 981 junction, just SW of Latrobe
facts	sfw	Twinkle Twinkle Little Star was composed by Mozart when he was five years old.
facts	sfw	Twins have a very high occurrence of left handedness.
facts	sfw	Two national capitals are named after U.S. presidents: Washington, D.C., and Monrovia, the capital of Liberia.
facts	sfw	Two trees can create enough oxygen for a family of four.
facts	sfw	U.S. President John Tyler had 15 children, the last of which was born when he was 70 years old.
facts	sfw	U.S. paper currency isn't made of paper - it's actually a blend of cotton and linen.
facts	sfw	Ulysses Simpson Grant was fined $20.00 for speeding on his horse.
facts	sfw	Underground Railroad This old stable was a station on the Underground Railroad. Here fugitive slaves were hidden, fed, and aided in reaching the next station on their journey. 63 University Ave., in front of stables, Lewisburg
facts	sfw	Underwater hockey is played with a 3-pound puck.
facts	sfw	Union Canal The canal, at this point, followed the north bank of the Tulpehocken. A dam, two locks, and a mule bridge made it possible for boats to cross Northkill Creek. Nearby were grist mills, a lime kiln, and a tannery. PA 183 & N Heidelberg Rd., just SE of Bernville
facts	sfw	Union Canal This canal was operated from 1828-1884. It connected the Schuylkill at Reading with the Susquehanna at Middletown. Remains of tow path can be seen .3 mile southeast of here, along the Tulpehocken Creek. Upper Van Reed Rd. near Tulpehocken Creek, ~1 mile S of Leinbachs
facts	sfw	Union Church Built of logs in 1820 by Philipsburg pioneers to serve as school and place of worship for all faiths. Remodeled in 1842, church is outstanding example of simplified American Gothic architecture. E Presqueisle St. between N 6th & N 7th Sts., Philipsburg
facts	sfw	Union Church Oldest public building in Mechanicsburg. Built in 1825 on land given by Martin Rupp. As provided in the charter, it has been used by many religious sects on payment of small fee. 39 E. Main St. (PA 641) at church, Mechanicsburg
facts	sfw	Uniontown Founded by Henry Beeson, who built a blockhouse on site of the county jail in 1774. Uniontown gained importance with the building of the National Road after 1811. Morgantown St. at Vine St., Uniontown
facts	sfw	Uniontown Founded by Henry Beeson, who built a blockhouse on site of the county jail in 1774. Uniontown gained importance with the building of the National Road after 1811. N Gallatin Ave. & E Penn St. (at courthouse), Uniontown
facts	sfw	Uniontown Founded by Henry Beeson, who built a blockhouse on site of the county jail in 1774. Uniontown gained importance with the building of the National Road after 1811. US 119, N of Uniontown
facts	sfw	Uniontown Founded by Henry Beeson, who built a blockhouse on site of the county jail in 1774. Uniontown gained importance with the building of the National Road after 1811. US 40 W of Uniontown
facts	sfw	Unitarian Church A fine example of Greek Revival architecture. It was erected in 1835-36 at a cost of $3500, mostly given by Shippen and Huidekoper families. Planned by the builder of Fort Sumter, General George W. Cullum. Main & Chestnut Sts., Meadville
facts	sfw	Universal Negro Improvement Association Founded in 1917 by Marcus Garvey, this movement inspired African-American pride. It encouraged self-reliance, spread news of interest to Blacks, and urged them to establish nationhood in Africa. 1609-11 Cecil B. Moore Ave., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Unlike your housecat, the Siberian tiger actually loves to swim!
facts	sfw	Until its demolition in 2012, one percent of Greenland's total population lived in a single apartment building called Blok P.
facts	sfw	Until the 19th century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
facts	sfw	Until the nineteenth century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
facts	sfw	Valley Furnace First furnace to use only anthracite for fuel, 1836. Built by Dr. F.W. Geissenhainer, who patented the method in 1833. Process in use continuously by the Pottsville or Pioneer Furnace, 1839 and after. N Valley St. (US 209) near Pine St., E end of New Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Vanilla is used to make chocolate.
facts	sfw	Vermont is the only New England state without a seacoast.
facts	sfw	Vultures can fly for six hours without flapping their wings.
facts	sfw	W.W.H. Davis (1820-1910) Statesman, historian, author, lawyer, soldier, he wrote 10 books, rose to Civil War general, was acting governor of the Territory of New Mexico, and founded the Bucks Historical Society (1880). He lived here for 51 years. 60 E. Court Street, Doylestown
facts	sfw	Walking Purchase Measured 1737, according to a supposed Indian deed of 1686, granting lands extending a day-and-a-half walk. Using picked men to force this measure to its limit, Thomas Penn reversed his father's Indian policy losing Indian friendship. US 611 at Ottsville
facts	sfw	Walking Purchase Solomon Jennings, one of the three walkers, fell out of the race near here, having covered about 19 miles from Wrightstown. He followed the others to a point near his home on the Lehigh River. Easton Rd. (PA 611) near Durham and S Park Rds., at N end of Ottsville
facts	sfw	Wapwallopen Name of the former Indian town near the mouth of the Wapwallopen Creek. Indian trails connecting old Wyoming, the "Warrior's Path," and the Juniata and West Branch Susquehanna valleys intersected here. PA 239 & W County Rd., just S of Wapwallopen
facts	sfw	Warrington Meeting House Site of Friends'' meeting house since 1745. Present building erected 1769, enlarged 1782. Preserved in its early state, and used for regular meetings. York St. / Carlisle Rd. (PA 74) at Quaker Meeting Rd., E of Wellsville
facts	sfw	Warriors Path A great Indian highway from Six Nations country, New York, to the Catawba country in the Carolinas. It made its way through the Allegheny Mountains by following the Susquehanna and Juniata valleys. GAR Hwy. (US 6), 1.3 miles N of Wyalusing
facts	sfw	Washington Laid out in 1781 by John and William Hoge. Site of Indian Catfish Camp. Boro charter, 1810; city, 1923. National Road center and rich in historic buildings and associations. Named for George Washington. Murtland Ave. (US 19) at North Ave., NE edge of Washington
facts	sfw	Washington Laid out in 1781 by John and William Hoge. Site of Indian Catfish Camp. Boro charter, 1810; city, 1923. National Road center and rich in historic buildings and associations. Named for George Washington. US 40E on exit ramp from I-70
facts	sfw	Washington Laid out in 1781 by John and William Hoge. Site of Indian Catfish Camp. Boro charter, 1810; city, 1923. National road center and rich in historic buildings and associations. Named for George Washington. E. Beau St. (PA 136) @ Clare Dr., near Junction of I-70/I-79
facts	sfw	Washington Mill Opposite is the site of a grist mill built about 1774 by George Washington. It was sold by him in 1795 to Col. Israel Shreve. The mill ruins still remain. Layton Rd. (SR 4038), E end of Perryopolis (Missing)
facts	sfw	Waynesburg College Founded in 1849 by the Cumberland Presbyterian Church. Chartered by the State in 1850. One of the first two colleges in Pennsylvania to grant degrees to women, in 1857. N Morris St. (US 19) at W College St., Monument Park in Waynesburg
facts	sfw	When creating a mummy, Ancient Egyptians removed the brain by inserting a hook through the nostrils.
facts	sfw	When grazing or resting, cows tend to align their bodies with the magnetic north and south poles.
facts	sfw	When the moon is directly overhead, you weigh slightly less.
facts	sfw	While chopping onions, hold a piece of bread between your lips to keep your eyes from watering.
facts	sfw	White Cottage Home of Grace Greenwood (Sara J. Clarke Lippincott, 1823-1904), pioneer woman correspondent, poetess and authoress. While living here during the mid-19th Century, she wrote many of her popular juvenile stories. 1221 3rd Ave., New Brighton
facts	sfw	Wild camels once roamed Arizona's deserts.
facts	sfw	Wildlife Forever has helped plant more than 132,000 trees in America since its founding in 1987.
facts	sfw	Wilkes-Barre Fort Completed 1778, enclosing the courthouse of the Connecticut county of Westmoreland. Surrendered with Forty Fort to the British in 1778. W corner of public sq., Main & Market Sts., Wilkes-Barre
facts	sfw	Wilkes-Barre Laid out 1770 by a group of Connecticut settlers, on land claimed by that state. Seat of "County of Westmoreland," erected 1776. Near here took place the Wyoming Massacre, 1778, and the "Pennamite Wars" of 1769-72 and 1784. Market St. at Kirby Park, Wilkes-Barre
facts	sfw	William Henry First man in America to apply steam to navigation. His stern-wheel steamboat ran on the Conestoga prior to 1765. Site of house that he occupied, 1760-1786, is about 60 yards northwest from here. NW section of Square, Lancaster (Missing)
facts	sfw	William Maclay In the stone house opposite lived William Maclay, who as a member of the first U.S. Senate wrote a famous journal of its debates. A critic of Washington and Hamilton. Pioneer leader of Jeffersonian Democracy. Riverfront Park, Front & South Sts., Harrisburg
facts	sfw	William Penn - First Assembly - PLAQUE ...sat with the first Assembly of Pennsylvania which passed the great fundamental laws in the House of Defense or Court House on this site December 4-7, 1682. 207 Edgmont Ave, Chester - inside wall of old courthouse (Missing)
facts	sfw	William Shakespeare was born and died on the same day: April 23.
facts	sfw	William Still (1821-1902) While living here, he was an Underground Railroad agent who helped slaves escape and kept records so relatives could find them later. A wealthy coal merchant, Still also helped found the first Black YMCA. 244 S 12th St., Philadelphia
facts	sfw	Williamson Road At Liberty was located a storage depot known as the Block House. It was built of logs, about 20x40 feet in size. Supplies were kept there and bread baked for the road builders, 1792-96. Shaffer Hill Rd. at Blockhouse Rd. (SR 2005), Liberty
facts	sfw	Williamson Road Here the road builders late in 1792 ended work. After facing starvation, they were rescued by canoes and supplies from Painted Post. Canoe Camp derived its name from the incident. S Main St. & Spencer Rd., at VFW, S of Mansfield at Canoe Camp Creek
facts	sfw	Williamsport Laid out 1795 by Michael Ross. Incorporated as a borough 1806; as a city 1866. At one time a leading lumber center of the nation. Trade and travel center for over a century. Montgomery Pike (US 15) near Fairmont Ave. and Little League Mus., S Williamsport
facts	sfw	Williamsport Laid out 1795 by Michael Ross. Incorporated as a borough 1806; as a city 1866. At one time a leading lumber center of the nation. Trade and travel center for over a century. US 220 at Reach Rd. interchange, W of Williamsport (Missing)
facts	sfw	Williamsport Laid out 1795 by Michael Ross. Incorporated as a borough 1806; as a city 1866. At one time a leading lumber center of the nation. Trade and travel center for over a century. Washington Blvd. between River Ave & Catherine St. (in front of M&T Bank), Williamsport
facts	sfw	Wills House Abraham Lincoln was a guest of David Wills in this house, Nov. 18 and 19, 1863. Here he met Governor Curtin and others, greeted the public, and completed his Gettysburg Address. SE section of Square, York St. (Rt. 30) & Baltimore/Carlisle St. (Rt. 116), Gettysburg
facts	sfw	Winfield S. Hancock Outstanding Civil War general and hero of the Battle of Gettysburg, was born here Feb. 14, 1824. After 1828 he lived in Norristown, where he is buried. Bethlehem Pike (PA 309) just N of PA 202, S of Montgomeryville (at AT&T)
facts	sfw	Wipe the leaves of your plants with the soft inside of a banana skin to bring up shine and remove dust.
facts	sfw	Wisconsin has points located farther east than parts of Florida.
facts	sfw	With an average life expectancy of 81.2 years, the people of Okinawa, Japan live the longest.
facts	sfw	Within five minutes of waking, 50 percent of a dream is forgotten. Within ten minutes, 90 percent of it is forgotten.
facts	sfw	Wolff's Fort A stockaded house built here about 1780 by Jacob Wolfe afforded a refuge for the settlers of this region. It was one of the most important forts in the area. US 40 near E Buffalo Church Rd. (T-622), ~2 miles SW of Washington
facts	sfw	Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
facts	sfw	Women's hearts typically beat faster than men's hearts.
facts	sfw	Wrapping rubber bands around the ends of hangers can prevent clothes from slipping off.
facts	sfw	Wyalusing Named for an early town of the Munsee Delawares, which occupied the flats south of the present town. In 1760 Munsees under Papoonhank welcomed Post here, on his way toward a great Indian council beyond Allegheny River. GAR Hwy. (US 6) & Bridge St. at SE end of Wyalusing
facts	sfw	Wyalusing Named for an early town of the Munsee Delawares, which occupied the flats south of the present town. In 1760 Munsees under Papoonhank welcomed Post here, on his way toward a great Indian council beyond Allegheny River. GAR Hwy. (US 6) at NW end of Wyalusing
facts	sfw	Wyolutimunk Across the river is the site of the Indian town. "King" Tedyuscung stopped here with Frederick Post, May 17, 1760, on his way to Tioga and the "great concourse in the West." Sullivans Trail (PA 92), 2.3 miles S of Falls, .2 mile N of Wyoming-Luzerne Co. line
facts	sfw	Wyoming Path Section of the Iroquois Warriors Path, following the Susquehanna from the Wyoming Valley to Shamokin, now Sunbury. U.S. 11 follows its general route. South of here the trail crossed to Shamokin Island. US 11, opposite Weis warehouse, NE of Northumberland
facts	sfw	Yohogania Courthouse Governmental and judicial center for Yohogania, a county erected by Virginia in asserting its claim to western Pennsylvania from 1777 to 1780. The site is on the hilltop opposite. PA 837 SW of West Elizabeth
facts	sfw	York County Academy Successor to the parish school of Rev. John Andrews. In 1787, incorporated with St. John's Episcopal Church as York Academy; granted separate charter as York County Academy in 1799. In continuous use from 1787 to 1929. N Beaver St. at building (Missing)
facts	sfw	York County Prison The old county prison stood on this site from about 1750-1855. In early years of the Revolution, prominent British prisoners of war were held here. NE corner, King & George Sts., York
facts	sfw	York Laid out in 1741, by order of the Proprietors; the first Pennsylvania town west of the Susquehanna River. Seat of the Continental Congress, 1777-78; birthplace of the Articles of Confederation. 1415 E Market St. (PA 462), just W of I-83, York (MISSING)
facts	sfw	York Laid out in 1741, by order of the Proprietors; the first Pennsylvania town west of the Susquehanna River. Seat of the Continental Congress, 1777-78; birthplace of the Articles of Confederation. PA 462 (W Market St.) across from N Pearl St., W of York (MISSING)
facts	sfw	York Laid out in 1741, by order of the Proprietors; the first Pennsylvania town west of the Susquehanna River. Seat of the Continental Congress, 1777-78; birthplace of the Articles of Confederation. US 111 (S George St.) & Rathton St., at hospital, York
facts	sfw	York Laid out in 1741, by order of the Proprietors; the first Pennsylvania town west of the Susquehanna River. Seat of the Continental Congress, 1777-78; birthplace of the Articles of Confederation. US 30 (westbound), just west of I-83, York
facts	sfw	York Liberty Bell Old bell originally hung in Provincial Courthouse; now in the vestibule of this church. Announced the signing of Declaration of Independence and sessions of Congress when it met in York. N. Beaver St. between W Gay and W Gas Aves., in Episcopal Churchyard, York
facts	sfw	York Meeting A center for Friends'' activities since 1766. It is the oldest existing house of worship in York. The eastern part of the building was erected in 1766; the western part about 1783. 135 W Philadelphia St. (Rts. 74/462) near N Pershing Ave., at meetinghouse, York
facts	sfw	You blink over 10,000,000 times a year.
facts	sfw	You breathe in about 13 pints of air every minute.
facts	sfw	You burn about 20 calories per hour chewing gum.
facts	sfw	You burn more calories sleeping than watching TV.
facts	sfw	You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching television.
facts	sfw	You can tell which day a loaf of bread was baked by the color of its plastic twist tag.
facts	sfw	You don't have to be a lawyer to be a Supreme Court Justice.
facts	sfw	You exhale air at 15 m.p.h.
facts	sfw	You share your birthday with at least 9 million other people in the world.
facts	sfw	You transfer more germs shaking hands than kissing.
facts	sfw	You will burn about 7% more calories walking on hard dirt than on pavement.
facts	sfw	You would weigh less on the top of a mountain than at sea level.
facts	sfw	You'd have to play ping-pong for about 12 hours to lose one pound.
facts	sfw	Your big toe only has 2 bones and the rest have 3.
facts	sfw	Your breathing rate increases when you start to type.
facts	sfw	Your eye expands up to 45% when looking at something pleasing.
facts	sfw	Your skull is made up of 29 different bones.
facts	sfw	Zelienople Founded by Baron Dettmar Basse in 1802. Named for his daughter Zelie. On the hill overlooking the town, he built Bassenheim, a palatial wooden "castle," which burned in 1842. N Main St./ Perry Hwy. (US 19) just N of Connoquenessing Crrek, N end of Zelienople
facts	spicy	Armadillos have four babies at a time and they are always all the same sex.
facts	spicy	John F. Hartranft The birthplace of John F. Hartranft, Civil War hero and Pennsylvania Governor, 1873-79, is to the right on the side road. He reorganized the State Militia as part of the National Guard. Sanatoga Rd. & Cross Rd., SW of Fagleysville
observations	sfw	"#1 Dad/Mom" presents would be a really bad idea if you had gay parents. ―JoshSifuentes, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	"14 years old and still beautiful as ever" is an acceptable title on /r/aww, but not on /r/gonewild. ―A_Link_to_the_Post, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	"?!" makes a sound in my head, but I can't describe what it is. ―Zadder, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	"?!" makes a sound in my head, but I can't describe what it is... ―UnexpectedFacts, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	"A mile a minute" sounds way faster than "60 miles an hour" ―funmenjorities, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	"Act naturally" is an oxymoron. ―taiyang88, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	"Aliens don't exist" will be the "The world is flat" of the future. ―vrairaison, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	"Angry Birds" and "Grand Theft Auto" are both about destroying things while flipping the bird at pigs. ―ukiyo1, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	"Apart" is one word, but implies separated. "A part" is two words, but implies together. ―papegaaieeieren, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	"Are you as bored as I am?" Can be said backwards and still make sense. ―[deleted], Jul 2014
observations	sfw	"Arms" is another word for guns, and "guns" is another word for arms. ―lemonsmcbob, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	"As a 62 year old seventh grade teacher, this year, I will not be teaching a student born in the same century as me. " ―NotBrendan, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	"Be Like Bill" meme was about not being annoyed by things online. The "Be Like Bill" meme maker is making the rounds now and it's making people be really annoying online. ―Phingaz, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	"Be there or be square!", because you're not a-round. ―LeVentNoir, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	"Better late than never!" is an amazing anti-speeding slogan ―True__Roman, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" sounds like a Nazi mascot ―Feezec, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	"Boneless Wings" are just chicken nuggets that are marketed towards adults. ―Pigonthewing12, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	"Breakfast" in Spanish is "Desayuno." Ayuno means "fast." Desayuno means you undo your fast. Breakfast. Break the fast. Breakfast. I haven't had waffles in like five years. ―fiffers, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	"Buy the textbook I wrote" is the university lecturer version of "Buy my mixtape, it's fire" ―PadfootProngs123, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	"CTRL+Z" would be a good brand name for morning after pills. ―wee_froggy, May 2016
observations	sfw	"Can I have your wifi password?" is the modern "Can I use your home phone?" ―Wasseratem, May 2016
observations	sfw	"Can I speak to your manager?" is the adult equivalent of "I'm telling!" ―rightenough, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	"Chewing" and "eating" are very similar things, but "getting chewed out" and "getting eaten out" are very different. ―atthem77, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	"Commercial free," but we're gonna tell you after every song. ―ItsJinvy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	"Condoms Are For Pussies" would be a great condom brand slogan. ―Jonny_EP3, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	"Condoms Are For Pussies" would be a great pro-condom slogan. ―johnnybravo1014, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	"Condoms are for pussies" is a great slogan for a condom company. ―demonlilith, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	"Crunchyroll" (the anime streaming service) should come out with a hentai service called "Spicyroll". ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	"DO NOT TOUCH" would probably be a really unsettling thing to read in braille. ―Air_Hellair, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	"Do it like they do on the Discovery channel" now means people should gather at abandoned storage units and bid on them. ―Brelya, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	"Do not insert Q-tip into ear canal," may be the all-time most ignored product warning in history. ―MattSolo734, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	"Dog food lid" backwards is "Dildo of God" ―LightReaper, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	"Don't kid yourself" should be a slogan for birth control pills ―dudenamedharry, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	"Don't kid yourself" would be a great slogan for an abortion clinic. ―CoheedLudes, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	"Don't take the 'Christ' out of Christmas"... Roman pagans were probably saying something equivalent when Christians hijacked their Saturnalia festival &amp; rebranded it as the birth of their savior. ―rg216, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	"Dream job" is an oxymoron. My dream is to not need a job. ―enriquemontalvo, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	"Dress for the job you want, not for the job you have" is terrible advice if you want to be a police officer. Or a stripper. ―Oafah, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	"Drunk me" is like a separate person who did me some favors in high school and now tries to mess with my life any chance he gets ―mactheknife94, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	"Emoticons" sound like a group of sensitive Transformers ―evilkaos, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	"Emoticons" sounds like a group of sensitive transformers. ―PURPLEDONGOFTHANOS, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	"Every single person that boarded the Titanic died" is a factually correct statement today. ―SchrodingersCatPics, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	"Fifty shades of grey" is considered a romantic story only because the guy is a billionare. If he was living in a trailer or in a shack somewhere in the woods it would be an episode of "Criminal minds". ―CynicalBellend, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	"Firefly" uses an opposite pair of words than "waterfall" ―Woymalep_Yay, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	"Firefly," is the opposite of "waterfall." ―internetcapo, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	"For national security reasons" is the government version of "because I said so". ―PMalternativs2reddit, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	"Free WiFi" is the new "Color TV" for Motels. ―Organic_Mechanic, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	"Get a Load of this Guy" would be a great name for a sperm bank ―mmmcgils, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	"Glue sticks" is a name for a construction utensil but also just a fact. ―Jorogasm, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	"Go to bed, you'll feel better in the morning" is the human version of "Did you turn it off and turn it back on again?" ―W0rdN3rd, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	"Good Will Hunting" could also be a name for a reality TV show about looking for thrift store bargains. ―eric0911, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	"Google Drive" will mean a completely different thing in a few years. ―self-confidence, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	"Google" is probably one of the most searched terms on Bing. ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	"Grandbrother" sounds much cooler than uncle. ―Teh_Dergenbern, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	"Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people" is a quote that discusses people. ―ActuallyNotSnoopDogg, May 2015
observations	sfw	"Hair" refers to a whole head of hair, while "hairs" refer to just a few individual hairs. "Hairs" is a plural that actually means LESS than its singular form! ―gmsc, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	"Half a dozen" is a very inefficient way of saying "Six" ―ISpikInglisVeriBest, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	"He died doing what he loved" would be a horrible thing to say at a drug addicts funeral. ―NumberZtv, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	"Hey man!" is a greeting. "Hey woman!" is likely the beginning of an argument. ―[deleted], Apr 2015
observations	sfw	"How It's Made," always showing the assembly line machines, should do a show on how the assembly line machines are made. ―MadShepherd, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	"I before E except after C" is disproved by science. ―forevergelo, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	"I can't check the time because my watch is doing a software update" is probably the most ridiculous thing I've said this week ―Ironfields, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	"I cannot bear children" can explain childlessness in two completely different ways. ―bisketty, May 2016
observations	sfw	"I feel stupid and contagious" from Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana would be a great slogan against the anti-vaccine movement. ―jccad, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	"I fell on the ground" is really a mild way of saying "I collided with a planet" ―Ofactorial, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	"I for one, like Roman Numerals" is a sentence that describes Roman Numerals and tells you how I feel about them. ―wordsandstuffs, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	"I forgot to plug my car in" will eventually be the most common excuse for being late for work. ―SyrCuse-44-, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	"I make $30,000 a year" sounds totally different than "I will sell you an hour of my life for $14". ―Hardlymd, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	"I should go, I have to work in the morning." Is the adult version of "It's my bedtime." ―Constitutional_Prole, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	"I sold an hour of my life for $13" doesn't sound nearly as good as "I make $13/hour." ―oaktownraider13, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	"I tagged your sister on a post" would sound pretty offense 20 years ago. ―sonoframbo17, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	"I think we got off on the wrong foot" is a regret a foot fetishist might have ―margarinized_people, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	"I try to stay humble" is the humble way of saying "I'm very humble" ―HotGeorgeForeman, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	"I wish my net worth goes down by $0.01" is the only guaranteed wish from a fountain. ―TwoSaladsPlease, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	"I work for one of the richest companies in the world" sounds a lot better than "I work at Walmart" ―caseystrain, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	"I'd better save first" is often the gamer's version of "hold my beer". ―Coryan, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	"I'm calling my lawyer" is the adult equivalent of "I'm telling my mom" ―[deleted], Feb 2015
observations	sfw	"I'm up for that" and "I'm down for that" mean the exact same thing. ―bridges12791, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	"IT Guy" is the most vague, but common, job title that people accept universally at face value. ―zerofuxstillhungry, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	"If its not an iPhone, it's not an iPhone." is a great slogan for Android too. ―TitanicMan, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	"If these walls could talk," they would say nothing of interest unless they could also see and/or hear. ―AnActualRock, May 2015
observations	sfw	"If you are a pessimist, you are never going to be disappointed" is a very optimistic attitude to being a pessimist. ―the-real-bro, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	"If you resolve to give up bacon, you don't actually live longer; it just seems longer." ―siscri, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	"In case of contact with eyes" warning labels will probably be hardest to read when I most need them ―xeio87, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	"Is anyone downloading something?" is just the 21rst century version of "Is someone using hot water?" ―SavEx_, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	"It isn't" and "It's not" are the same three words, just contractionalized differently. ―brolarvortex, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	"It's Raining Men," and "Let the Bodies Hit the Floor," are about the same event, but wildly different perspectives. ―Charli-was-here, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	"It's not a pyramid scheme" is a phrase almost exclusively used by people involved in pyramid schemes ―uglypanda237, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	"Keep your head up" would be a great slogan for a Viagra add. ―BasedKorn, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	"Know what would look good on you? Nothing." Is both an insult and a compliment. ―scrotum-skin_handbag, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	"Ladies first" was probably invented by a dude who enjoyed admiring women from behind ―[deleted], Apr 2015
observations	sfw	"Last man standing" refers to the ultimate winner in most contests but the runner-up in musical chairs. ―prodigalme, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	"Lefty loosey, Righty tightly" is probably the most useful thing anyone's ever said to me ―balls-rodrigo1, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	"Let me speak to your manager" is the adult version of "I'm telling mum" ―Hairy_Cheeks, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	"Lisp", "Stutter", and "Dyslexic" are all words that people with those impediments would struggle with ―piftsy, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	"Literally" has become the new "totally" among the new generations ―wtfreakx, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	"Lollygagging" sounds like someone deep throating a lollipop. ―HardKeanu, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	"Mac" is an acronym for "Mac and cheese" ―peatymasta, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	"Magic Johnson" is the perfect name for someone who has had HIV for almost a quarter-century yet appears to be completely healthy ―zwinger, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	"Making Ends Meet" would be a fantastic slogan for a double ended dildo company. ―amsfer9, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	"McDonald's has the best mayonaise" is the single fattest thought I've ever had. ―HeisenbergTheKing, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	"Men are afraid of strong women" is basically "Girls don't date nice guys" for women. ―PowerWisdomCourage, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	"Millennials" is the new way of saying "kids these days" ―Flawlessnessx2, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	"Mommy watch this" is my 5 year-old's version of my "Hold my beer". ―FormerFastCat, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	"My broom is collecting dust" is a perfectly ambiguous statement. ―lousypanda, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	"My children aren't vaccinated," is a thing the world's most and least privileged people both say. ―Falstaph, May 2016
observations	sfw	"My entire life has led up to this moment" is always true. ―NoIntroductionNeeded, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	"My parents are gay," is now a good response to Mormons at your door. ―jazzychassis, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	"My two cents" has been in use since the twenties but has never been adjusted for inflation; opinions are becoming increasingly worthless. ―CrankyOptimist, May 2016
observations	sfw	"My wife thinks I'm hot" is the adult equivalent of "My Mom thinks I'm cool." ―DrJawn, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	"NSFW" has more syllables than "Not Safe For Work" ―Kugelfische03, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	"Nailing" something is considered good, but when you "screw it up", it's a bad thing, even though screws are better at their job than nails are. ―HerbalGamer, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	"Neil Armstrong" backwards is "Gnorts, Mr. Alien" ―greengrasser11, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	"Netflix and Chill" used to actually work before everybody gave it a name ―danyolo10, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	"Netflix and _____" would make a great black card for Cards Against Humanity. ―kyolaroni, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	"Netflix and chill" has to be one of the largest unintentional ad campaigns in history ―HS_Highruleking, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	"Netflix and chill" is now as annoying as "Keep calm and carry on" ―Pushmonk, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	"Never odd or even" is "Never odd or even" read backwards. ―vignesh1230, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	"Nice guys finish last" is actually pretty sound sexual advice ―EEVVEERRYYOONNEE, May 2015
observations	sfw	"Nineteen letters long" is 19 letters long ―Krayox, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	"No Man's Land" is a great name for a lesbian bar ―mcalis2, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	"No Means No" would be a great title for a beginners Spanish textbook. ―LivingInColor8, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	"No means no" should also apply when I ask her if anything is wrong. ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	sfw	"Now Under New Management" just means "Please come back, the assholes are gone." ―spicedpumpkins, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	"On your mark, Get set, Go!" Counts down in syllables 3, 2, 1. ―j3lunt, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	"One man's junk is another man's treasure" needs to be put on a nice big sign at a pride parade. ―BruceRee33, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	"One man's junk is another man's treasure" would be a great slogan for a gay dating site ―Midgetcow, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	"One man's trash is another man's treasure" would be a terrible way to let your child know that they're adopted. ―red_leinad, May 2015
observations	sfw	"One mans junk is another mans treasure" would make a good slogan for a gay pride parade. ―Murican_Freedom1776, May 2015
observations	sfw	"Only" is "one" in adverb ("-ly") form ―[deleted], Nov 2014
observations	sfw	"Original" means either, "unlike anyone has ever done before", or "exactly how everyone used to do it". ―mantorius, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	"Pay to win" gaming isn't new. In the 80s it was called "Insert coin(s) to continue" ―phaseMonkey, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	"Phone" is one of the least used apps on my mobile phone ―Crimson___King, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	"Pics or it didn't happen" is the criminal defense for US Police Officers ―iDeeeeeedIt, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	"Pilot" is actually a fitting name for the first episode of LOST ―skjortekrage, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	"Please try again in a few minutes." Okay, 2 seconds it is. ―jang808, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	"Practice" seems like a terrible name for a health or legal establishment. ―ilikeobjects, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	"Prostitution is the only job you can charge more for having no prior experience in the work" ―NvrGonnaGiveYouUp, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	"Puffington Host" would be a great name for a marijuana-centered newspaper ―tangalicious, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	"Queue" is just "Q" followed by 4 silent letters. ―SkyeAuroline, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	"Quit your job and follow your dreams" only works because 99% of people won't do it. ―anallergytoanalogy, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	"Remind me to ________" is just another way of saying, "If I forget, it's your fault too". ―JPree, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	"Right, left" answers to the question "Left, right?" ―un3, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	"Righty tighty lefty loosey" also applies to Democrats and Republicans ―morelolthanyou, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	"Roast Beef" and "Ice Cream" are both names of food items, but are also the cooking instructions for those food items. ―oisdaman, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	"Ryan Reynolds" sounds like a Stan Lee character ―penguinsweg, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	"Sat" is the past tense of "Sit" which means "Fat" should be the past tense of "Fit" ―Saikou0taku, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	"Scalping" tickets at Redskins games is especially offensive. ―gmb87, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	"See you next year" must be the most over used dad-joke every December. ―hypnogoad, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	"Sh*ts and giggles" is kind of cute, but "Sharts and gargles" is an entirely different mental image. ―MedicsOfAnarchy, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	"Shoulder blade" is a pretty badass name for a bone. ―cboston_9, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	"Single and ready to mingle" is really just "Alone and desperate to bone" ―leedleleedlelee90, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	"Slang" is the slang term for Colloquial. ―HoneyNutCrunch, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	"Smelly" means something smells bad, but "tasty" means something tastes good ―_Search_, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	"So who's driving?" is going to be such an overused joke when self-driving cars become more widespread. ―evoke_the_forms, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	"Solo" cups are ironically associated with mass social gatherings and parties ―Pseudo-esque, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	"Spandex" is a reversal of the syllable sounds in "expand"... ―gravyboatcaptain2, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	"Squawks" said backwards still sounds the same even though it's not a palindrome ―[deleted], May 2013
observations	sfw	"Star Wars" is a very uncreative name. ―lost_my_dickens, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	"Stop agreeing with me!" creates an instant paradox. ―SergeantGrumbles, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	"Strap-on" spelled backwards is "no parts". ―Illuminaughty66, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	"Subaru" spelled backwards is "u r a bus". ―_emordnilaP, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	"Survived a shark attack" sounds a lot cooler than "Almost killed by a fish". ―Purple_Papaya, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	"Sweater" is kind of a gross name for a piece of clothing ―luckytopher, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	"Taking candy from a baby" would actually be a responsible thing to do. ―DjBravo_, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	"Taking candy from a baby" would actually be a responsible thing to do. ―u8eR, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	"Textbook" is a pretty meaningless way to differentiate a type of book. ―DietOfTheMind, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	"The Bachelor" is a show about a man dating multiple women at once that is primarily watched by women who hate men who date multiple women at once. ―-Lo_Mein_Kampf-, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	"The Leaning Tower of Pisa" is an anagram for "I spot one giant flaw here" ―Taman_Should, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	"The Netherlands" sounds more like the name of a fictional fantasy-novel country than a real place. ―Taman_Should, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	"The Wolverine" is Canadian and his super power is free healthcare ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	sfw	"The pen is mightier than the sword" was written by a pen making it biased. ―JakeShu, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	"The server just went down on me" has very different meaning in an IT office than it does in a restaurant ―Snaeblooc, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	"The sky is the limit" would be terrible advice for astronauts ―turtlecb, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	"They don't sell replacement batteries for that toy" is probably the funniest lie my parents told me when I was a kid. ―TheXbro, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	"To whom it may concern" would be a good way to start an agnostic's prayer. ―PurelyApplied, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	"Toxins" are just the modern day equivalent to evil spirits; mysterious entities in your body which require esoteric substances and rituals to expel. ―amplifizzle, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	"True love's kiss" is Disney for "and then they boned." ―b33tl3juic3, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	"Two Bananas" would be an excellent band name for a duo of tuba-playing grandmothers. ―domoericato, May 2015
observations	sfw	"Unbelievable actor" is more of an insult than a compliment ―TheRealDealDawg, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	"United States of America" is an anagram for "I use fears to dictate man." ―[deleted], Nov 2014
observations	sfw	"Uranus is full of methane" is correct in both contexts. ―CommanderDank, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	"Walt Disney's Frozen" is both a movie and a fact. ―partywiththecaptain, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	"Well, I never" is the posh, old-timey version of "I can't even" ―redrobotmx, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	"What doesn't kill you makes you smaller" - Mario ―howtorakeleaves, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	"Where are you" is probably the least used phrase in sign language. ―SpaaloneBabagus, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	"Where are you?" has probably never been asked in sign language ―butterknot, May 2016
observations	sfw	"Whoa" expresses awe, and "aww" can express woe ―jaxklax, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	"Why can't poor people just get a better job?" is today's equivalent of "Let them eat cake". ―PM_ME_A_NEW_USERNAME, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	"Will Will Smith smith?" and "Will Smith will smith." are complete proper sentences ―skullbeats, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	"Would you rather crash on a friend's couch or the freeway?" would be a good campaign slogan against drinking and driving. ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	"Www" is 9 syllables long, whereas "World wide web" is three syllables long. ―WorzelBummidge, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	"You can say that again!" and "You don't have to tell me twice!" are opposites but mean the same thing. ―Phantom_Gamer7, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	"You saved my life" should actually be said as "You postponed my death" ―SassyPander, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	"You'll need an account to do that" generally actually means "An account is absolutely unnecessary to do that, but we're locking you out of it until you give us your personal information" ―blueberriesnpancakes, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	"You're on your own" must sound exotic to people who don't speak English. "Yuron Yurōn? Is that the name of your holy city?" ―jefuchs, May 2015
observations	sfw	"d" is just "a" with a boner. ―TemperTemperr, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	"iPod!" Is exactly the same upsidedown ―TitanicMan, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	"passed" rotated 180 degrees is still "passed" ―swaggermint, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	"trees don't grow on money" would be a good anti-deforrestation slogan ―Shouldbestudyin2, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	"umop apisdn" is "upside down" spelled upside down with different letters of the alphabet. ―youraverageiranian, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	"up", when rotated 180 degrees, looks like "dn". ―gmsc, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	"up/dn" is the same when read upside down ―TheCreatorLovesYou, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	"you aren't" and "you're not" mean the same thing and use the same words but have different contractions. ―Phuffu, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	$1000 worth of Coke is worse for you than $1000 worth of coke. ―stactup, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	'Coffee flavored water' doesn't sound good but that's what coffee is. ―orangeslash, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	'Dad Bod' should have been called Father Figure instead ―rockinbo, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	'Fe' is the elemental symbol for iron. Tina Fey's last name is 'irony'. ―gabe100000, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	'Gluten Tag' would be a really great name for a German Bakery. ―Pargsnip, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	'How It's Made' should do an episode about making an episode of 'How It's Made' ―fancy_pance, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	'I work for one of the richest companies in the world' is a lot better than saying 'I work at Walmart.' ―Storytellerbobfan, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	'Mum jokes' are jokes about your mum but 'Dad jokes' are jokes told by your Dad. ―EssOhKayAyEl, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	'Queue' has to be one of the weirdest words in English: a single spoken letter followed by four silent vowels. A word that is 80% style over substance. ―Eirezona, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	'Right, left' answers the question 'Left, Right?' ―PM_ME_GAY_LOL_HENTAI, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	'Slang' is a colloquial word for 'colloquial word'. ―caucasian-gary, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	'Supervision' sounds a lot cooler than it really is ―PohFahVoh, May 2014
observations	sfw	'The Very Hungry Caterpillar' teaches children that if you eat too much, you become beautiful. ―TheInfernalRain, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	'The Walking Dead' spin-Off should have an all-black cast so you'd never know who would die next. ―TickingSticks, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	'The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog' would be the worst hangman phrase ever. ―breadstickez, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	'You have a big heart' is a nice compliment from anyone except your doctor ―Bo_Obama, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	'xXx' starring Vin Diesel is the hardest movie to pirate. ―BigTimeYeahhh, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	(as a guy) Trying to pee in the toilet in darkness is a practical human use of echolocation. ―soyouwannabeapanda, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	(rich) humans are becoming elves - low birthrates, long lifespans, and magic-like technology ―Pfluftl, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	/r/AnimalPorn would be a great but horrible name for /r/aww ―AlphaApache, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	/r/Beer has a side bar. ―[deleted], Jan 2015
observations	sfw	/r/Fightclub must be the most inactive sub ever ―Cloud_Striker, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	/r/OldSchoolCool has become a contest of whose grandparents looked the best ―soup_0, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	/r/ShowerThoughts charity: water campaign ―drumcowski, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	/r/ShowerThoughts is great because it doesn't require me to click on anything ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	/r/Showerthoughts Best of 2013 Winners! ―drumcowski, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	/r/Showerthoughts is now a default subreddit! (please read) ―drumcowski, May 2014
observations	sfw	/r/Showerthoughts should have hot/cold tap heads as the upvote/downvote buttons ―pieceofyourpuzzle, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	/r/UnexpectedCena is actually the opposite of what it says. If you watch a video on that sub, you know for sure that John Cena will be in it. ―mayonnaise_man, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	/r/all should have three settings: nsfw off, nsfw on and nsfw only. ―Goodly, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	/r/aww still being up is like your parents getting you a dog to distract you from their divorce. ―neosithlord, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	/r/gonewild probably creates the most OC of all of Reddit ―jfsalaba, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	/r/kansas should be the subreddit for Arkansas. ―[deleted], Aug 2016
observations	sfw	/r/machineporn will mean something completely different in 100 years. ―LightBulbInAss, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	/r/meatball would be a meatball sub ―BusuB, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	/r/mildlyinfuriating should change its font to Comic Sans ―Topfenknoedl, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	/r/mildlyinteresting has more subscribers than /r/interesting, suggesting the former is more interesting than the latter ―Gyrro, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	/r/reversegif should just be called /r/fig ―nanosoundsx, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	/r/showerthoughts is like /r/woahdude for sober people ―muytemprano, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	0 AD was just over 2000 years ago. That's only about 30 modern lifetimes laid back-to-back. ―eigenpants, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	1 billion seconds = 31.7 years. There are roughly 7 billion humans alive right now. So every second that passes, about 222 years, or ~3 lifetimes worth of human experience has just happened. ―MrCardio, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	1-3 and 1,2,3 sounds the same and means the same. ―Raegonex, May 2015
observations	sfw	1/3 of marriages are now from online dating and that number is only increasing. That means that computers (algorithms) are starting to breed humans. ―fleetw16, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	10 Things I Hate About You sounds like a movie that would be produced by BuzzFeed ―kristjkm, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	10 percent of my Facebook friends are responsible for 90 percent of the crap in my feed. ―IveSeenSomeStuffMan, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	10 years ago I used to joke about how in the heck Fidel Castro is still alive. Fidel Castro is STILL alive. ―GandalfSwagOff, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	10 years ago staring videos online was a pain due to buffering, now it's a pain due to having to watch 2 commercials first. ―AiBiCi, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	10 years ago we all wanted cool ringtones. Now we all just use the standard one ―Cedriminator, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	10,000's or 100,000's of people all keeping a secret for 50 years that the moon landings were faked would be a far greater achievement than actually landing on the Moon. ―rembic, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	10/10 of us think we won't be the one to get hit by that bus. ―Pgozur, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	100 years ago a car would have been a luxury and horse a necessity,But today car is a necessity and a horse is the luxury. ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	100 years ago, most people rode horses and only the rich had cars. Now everyone has a car and you have to be rich to own a horse. ―SLy_McGillicudy, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	100 years ago, most people were skinny and the rich were fat. Now the poor are fat and the rich are skinny. ―FyurienStudios, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	100 years from now, 'doing the robot' will have an entirely different meaning. ―TheGilberator, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	100 yrs ago we had trouble flying, 50 yrs ago we flew to the moon, yesterday we flew by pluto. ―bananapowercat, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	100% of Disney queens are evil. Therefore all of the Disney princesses are closeted psychopaths. ―Cranberry__Sauce, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	100,000 condoms for Olympic Village? That's the BEST TIME to further the species. ―ate2fiver, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	1000 years ago people worshipped Thor, the god of thunder. In another 1000 years, will Jesus Christ join the Avengers? ―Mrpockets292, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	12 days without murder in New York could just mean 12 days without any bodies found. ―[deleted], Feb 2015
observations	sfw	120,000,000 Just sat down and watched a group of millionaires throw a ball around ―Isixpool, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	15 years ago, when the internet consisted mostly of chatting with strangers, I dreamed of hyper-realistic video games. But know that we have those, I spend most of my time talking to strangers on Reddit. ―lcq92, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	15 years from now there will be a Buzzfeed article titled "These 19 super creepy photos of Brazil's abandoned Olympic buildings will give you nightmares!! (especially #11)" ―Third_Redditor_Ever, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	16 year olds are competing in the Olympics and I still look at my Mum when the Doctor asks what's wrong ―Mazhar-Fakhar_, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	16 year olds are winning Olympic golds, and I'm still here asking my mom how long I should microwave my food for ―CarrotSurvivor, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	16-year-old me would be totally disappointed by what kind of an adult I am now ―wrestles_bears, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	1980 is as far away as 2046. ―SnailHunter, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	1984-2000 seems a very long time compared to 2000-2016. ―the_ordertaker, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	1990 is as far away as 2040 ―Boediee, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	2 days off: Typical weekend. 3 days off: Well rested. 4+ days off: Forget every single element of what it takes to be a functional member of society. ―TexMcBadass, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	20 years ago, high schools put wrecked cars out front to remind students to never drink and drive. Today it's to remind them to never text and drive. 20 years from now, it will be to remind them to never drive (and to let the car drive itself) ―phoonie98, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	2015 is a delightfully palindromic binary number 11111011111 ―manmadegod-, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	2016 is feeling more and more like that bit in the movies where the time traveller accidentally kills a bug and when he returns, the world is not quite right. ―AMVRocks, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	2016 is like a montage of news footage you see in the beginning of a post-apocalyptic movie explaining how the world was ruined. ―paranoidbrandroid, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	2017 is less than 3 months away, and I still feel like 2010 was just 2 years ago.. ―Dr_Mphuthi, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	2020 is only six years away. ―mydickisgigantic, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	2020's New Years party glasses will be ironic ―t3hcoolness, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	21 "you're still a kid" 22 "you're still a kid" 23 "you're still a kid" 24 "you're still a kid" 25 "wait, you're not married yet?" ―literalllyfigurative, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	23 years on this planet, and I've only now realised that the yellow capsules inside Kinder eggs are the yoke of an egg. ―WutUtalkingBoutWill, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	28 years of training, give or take, and I'm still not sure I've mastered wiping my butt efficiently. ―dae_hagens, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	3 of the 5 senses are acceptable to use to express understanding. You can say "I hear that!", "I feel you!", or "Oh, I see!", but it's weird if you say "I smell you" or "I taste that, bro". ―Fudge_Demon, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	3 out of 5 stars is GOOD. 6/10 is OKAY. 60% is BAD. ―miexy, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	30 or 40 years from now, the Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings movies will be considered old, inevitably prompting remakes ―HowIKnowYoureBritish, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	30 years ago, My parents were horrified that my sister was a lesbian but it was okay that she smoked. Today I'm horrified that my daughter smokes but its fine if she's gay. ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	30 years from now we'll probably view soda in the same way as we see cigarettes. ―Pezomi, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	3G used to be the best thing going. Now, when my phone's indicator says 3G, it pretty much functions like I have no signal at all. ―tekhnomancer, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	40 years from now senior centers will go from being filled with board games and puzzles to being filled with ancient gaming consoles and their games. ―dontbthatguy, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	40 years from now, people in retirement homes will probably play videogames instead of bingo ―puzzle_button, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	420 is like taco bells black Friday ―N1ckatn1ght, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	49 Percent of the world is female yet i assume everything said on Reddit was from a male ―Not_Like_Devin, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	4am is weird because its too early for morning people, and too late for night people ―nrap612, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	4chan has an uncomfortable amount of 30-year-old men openly lusting after 15-year-old girls. Tumblr has an uncomfortable amount of 15-year-old girls lusting after 30-year-old men. ―actually_crazy_irl, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	4chan showed how dumb people can be when they're anonymous, Facebook showed how dumb people can be when their identity is completely public ―DylanTBest123, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	5 grams of weed should be called a high five. ―strayhat, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	50 Cent should periodically alter his name to reflect currency inflation. ―lundej16, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	50% of Canada is the letter "a" ―Krishna_Po, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	50% of Canada is the letter 'A' ―16th, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	50% of Roger Federer's name is "er" ―JonSnuhhh, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	50% percent of Canada is the letter a ―bearbreasts, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	500 years ago indigenous peoples must have wondered "are we alone on this planet" the way we wonder if we are alone in the universe. Then they actually had to endure attacks from aliens with superior technology like we're afraid of. ―furrrsurre, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	500 years ago, pirates were a real danger and were not considered cute. I wonder if, in 500 years, kids will be dressing up as Islamic Terrorists for Halloween. ―yummypi, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	6-8 Times a day, I start to post something on Reddit, type it out, and then just click the back button on my browser without posting because I know no one will care. ―[deleted], Aug 2015
observations	sfw	60% of the world population is Asian but I dont think I've ever seen a pregnant Asian woman in real life ―AmiriteClyde, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	600 years in the future, there's a historian who would be absolutely thrilled to have a conversation with me ―Ep1cDuCK, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	7 x 9 = 63, 8 x 8, which is in the middle, is 64, one more. This rule applies to all 3 sequential numbers e.g. 4 x 6 = 24, 5 x 5 = 25 ―poringo, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	7.3 billion people are experiencing the same day in a different way. ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	sfw	75 is 25% shorter than 100, unless it is a time you type into the microwave, in which case it is 25% longer ―AdamsDJ, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	75% of reddit going dark means this is probably my best chance of ever getting to the frontpage ―JeLoc, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	8 Mile is the only movie where everyone actively roots for the white guy to prevail over all the black characters. ―falfasfsasaffsa, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	80% of the letters in the word "queue" aren't pronounced. ―TheDougDude, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	9 months before I was born, I went to a party with my dad and left with my mom ―Ah_You_So_Stupid, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	9 years ago: didn't own a laptop or smartphone. Today: I'm watching satellite images from Pluto on my WATCH. ―MathewReiss, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	9/11 was closer to the fall of the Berlin Wall than the present day ―honeypuppy, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	90% of submissions on this sub are probably toilet thoughts ―willgeld, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	90% of the star wars commercials I see on TV are not even trailers for star wars, just companies using star wars to sell their products ―jakemallett, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	911 should be able to accept text messages so you can hide in a closet and not talk on the phone. ―wamceachern, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	95% of the time when I think food smells great it's just onion and/or garlic cooking. ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	99% of being an adult is basically just not being mean to people you don't like any more. ―TommehBoi, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	99% of fixing someone's tech issues is just being better at Google. ―drain65, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	99% of the conversations I practice in my head never happen. ―MilfWrangler, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	99% of the time I click a Reddit link and see it's a YouTube video and not a gif I hit the back button repeatedly. ―Maladjustee, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	99% of the time I have no idea what's going on when I play pinball ―MeltingDog, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	99.9999% of the human population doesnt even know you exist ―CleanAndRebuild, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	9GAG, Buzzfeed, UNILAD, and Facebook are all screwed tomorrow ―PokemonRuneScape, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	@'s are just lowercase anarchy symbols. ―ferval_lankman, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	A "buttload" of underwear would be exactly one pair. ―Nucalibre, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	A "lethal dose" is also a "lifetime supply". ―Imnimo, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	A "zombie apocalypse" is actually a human apocalypse and is technically a zombie genesis ―Stufflefttodo, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	A #1 dad mug is a terrible father's day gift if you have two gay dads. ―LibraryLass, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	A $1 condom failure could cost you $250,000 ―bingcrosbyb, May 2015
observations	sfw	A 'gasp' is a sigh but backwards. ―TFiPW, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	A 5 year old would never understand the top comment in any /r/explainlikeimfive post ―TheGameCouch, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	A 6 year old isn't brilliant because he can use a smartphone. It's the engineers who are smart by designing it in a way a 6 year old can use. ―siddharthsai, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	A ? is half a lightbulb because when the question is answered it completes the lightbulb (the idea). ―Rafikim, May 2015
observations	sfw	A Bachelor party is more appropriate after a Divorce than before a wedding. ―jeniferfuti04, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	A Batman movie from the point of view of a random street gang would probably be a lot like the film "Predator" ―come-on-now-please, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	A Batman vs ironman movie would be the most realistic superhero movie ever made if done properly. ―buckweed_the_African, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	A Big Gulp in a North Korean 7-11 should be called a "Supreme Litre." ―theofavi, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	A GPS using only "warm" and "cold" for directions could be exciting or terrible. ―mistafrieds, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	A TV channel where all the shows are set in the same universe. ―[deleted], Feb 2013
observations	sfw	A Virgin Mary becomes a Bloody Mary after you put something stiff in it. ―Mossyiscracked, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	A baby born today may live to see the year 2100 ―Gschaller12, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	A baby centaur would have a bottom half that could run almost immediately after birth and a sloppy top half that's neck couldn't support its own head. ―cwryan, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	A baby chicken is a chick. An adult chicken is a hen. chick-hen ―wolfbearwolfbear, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	A baby is initially in water (womb), then comes to land (born), then crawls on the body, then walks on four feet, then stands up and walks on two feet. Just like the evolution from fish to reptiles to mammals to humans. ―mvsastry, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	A bachelor party is more appropriate after a divorce than before a wedding. ―burlyjez, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	A bachelor party would be a lot more suited after a divorce opposed to before a wedding ―suckmyblunt, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	A baseball signed by me is worth less than an unsigned baseball ―Crando, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	A bathtub is the opposite of a boat. ―jabraunlin, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	A bed is a shelf for your body when you are not using it. ―Nabrokovian, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	A better Santa Claus story would be that every city has one person who is in the "Santa Claus" role and no one knows who it is, therefor, if the children want presents, they have to be nice to everyone because they never know who could be Santa. ―Young_Pavarotti, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	A billionaire could give me %.01 of his wealth and change my life while he is virtually unaffected. ―Loaatao, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	A billionaire could give me %.01 of his wealth and change my life while he is virtually unaffected. ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	sfw	A billionaire could give me %.01 of his wealth and change my life while he is virtually unaffected. ―[deleted], Sep 2014
observations	sfw	A birth certificate is effectively a baby receipt ―[deleted], Jul 2014
observations	sfw	A birthday is actually recognizing a successful orbit of the Sun. Congrats, space traveler. ―Geo-USA, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	A blanket that gets cold at a certain time would work better than any alarm in waking me up and getting me out of bed ―aadharsh_2, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	A blind person must have a really low electricity bill. ―aspophilia, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	A book with 100 pages only has 50 pages. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	A boomerang warehouse hit with a tornado wouldn't lose any boomerangs. ―Jony_Write, May 2015
observations	sfw	A brain transplant would actually be a full body transplant. ―sisepuede4477, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	A broken clock has the correct time twice a day, but it's possible for a working clock to never have the correct time. ―baisketball, May 2015
observations	sfw	A broken clock is exactly right twice a day, but a clock set one minute too fast is never, ever exactly right ―RSpiess, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	A broken clock is guaranteed to be right twice a day, but you could have a completely functional clock that's never right. ―ChrisTaliaferro, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	A broom is an acoustic vacuum.. ―house-vs-hurricane, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	A bullet may have someone's name on it, but ten pounds of C4 is more 'to whom it may concern' ―dsobz, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	A buttload is an actual measurement for drug smugglers. ―powerscunner, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	A buttload of dildos is only one dildo ―suharrr, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	A buttload of underwear is exactly one pair ―Chaoticfrenchfry, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	A cactus is really just an aggressive cucumber. ―nikkibiatch, May 2015
observations	sfw	A cactus is really just an aggressive cucumber. ―sproso, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	A calendar doesn't actually tell you what day it is. It just gives you a list of options to choose from. ―glitterphobia, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	A cancer researchers job is to unemploy themselves ―kevinfriedman6, May 2016
observations	sfw	A car with 25,000 miles on the odometor is considered low mileage. 25,000 miles is approximately the circumfrence of the earth. A low mileage car has already 'traveled around the world.' ―BeerDuh, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	A cell phone doesn’t seem that heavy till you drop it on your face while laying down. ―JackCrow1995, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	A cellphone camera's flash gets more use as a flashlight than as a camera flash ―subydoo, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	A centipede's body is mostly armpits ―darkpassengerdriving, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	A change machine always contains the same amount of money. ―doomed_ficus, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	A chicken pecked my thigh today and I realized I had no right to be mad after having bitten in to thousands of chicken thighs ―witchhempstock, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	A child born 08.08.08 is 8 today. ―Crazy_Battlesheep, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	A child born 08.08.08 is 8 years and 8 days old today. ―GigaFluxx, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	A clock is just a battery's lifespan. ―OnAStick, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	A coffee and smartphone today are just the cigarette and newspaper of 20 years ago. ―CoffeeGrrl, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	A college diploma is just a receipt ―Ugadawg101, May 2015
observations	sfw	A comedy show about hammered people explaining historical events has more to do with history than most shows on The History Channel. ―just-casual, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	A comma is a pause in a sentence. A coma is a pause in a life. ―broskalini, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	A common human mating ritual involves killing plants and displaying their reproductive organs. ―KLAM3R0N, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	A company that donates books to prisons should be called Prose and Cons. ―KonyInTheHouse, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	A condom wrapper is packaging for your package's packaging ―Kugablah, May 2016
observations	sfw	A crush is called a crush because he/she will most likely crush your feelings ―U7m8b, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	A dead person should be referred to as a "human been" instead of a "human being" ―daKing333, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	A deck of cards has 52 cards. House of Cards has 13 episodes per season. In that notion, the series will end in the fourth season with 52 episodes (cards). ―Voxu, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	A dentist kills a lion and people lose their heads. We've collectively destroyed half of the planet's wildlife in the past 40 years and nobody bats an eyelid. ―sizzlinsausages, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	A dildo can also be called a selfie stick. ―Brain_Beam, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	A doctor is a veterinarian that only has to work on one species. ―Mr_Quackums, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	A dog born and trained in China knows more Chinese than me. ―ohiyoo, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	A failure rate of 0.0000005 doesn't sound so bad until you have a dead pixel ―barsofham, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	A family of crows flying into a wood chipper is called a murder suicide. ―NotFunnyAlreadyTaken, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	A female cannibal has the ability to create her own food. ―jouelle1, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	A female peacock should be called a peacunt. ―marlowned, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	A fight over text message is literally a thumb war. ―FricasseeingRabbit, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	A fine is a tax for doing bad. A tax is a fine for doing well. ―-Lo_Mein_Kampf-, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	A fine is just a mandatory bribe. ―astraf, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	A fired bullet is called a 'slug' because it doesn't have it's shell anymore. ―Rocketoast, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	A first person Pac Man would have been scary: wandering around a pitch black maze, running away from ghosts, while having no clue where they would be ―TheSlyGuy1, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	A fish tank is the opposite of a submarine. ―Lelldorin, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	A foot away from me it's -5 degrees out... thank you house ―SnipenBombs21, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	A gallon of gas is less expensive than guacamole from Chipotle. ―jewrdan, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	A garden hose is an extension cord for water. ―lasrevera, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	A girl saying "I want to have a baby" is ironically the best form of birth control for me. ―sunduhawk, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	A good slogan for a condom company would be "come prepared" ―thatsnomoon87, May 2014
observations	sfw	A good way to fix the Youtube comments could be to only allow comments after you watched at least 50% of the video ―jaynatale, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	A good way to know if someone is attracted to you is to realize it years later in a wave of flashbacks and regret. ―Mydogfartsconstantly, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	A great name for self-driving cars would be "automobiles" but we've used that already. ―RobinReddBreast, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	A group of crows is called a murder. A group of people on the internet should be called an argument. ―madplayshd, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	A group of gay people should be called "a pride". ―saywhatagain_, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	A group of kids should be called a migraine. ―Elkithis, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	A group of squid should be called a squad ―Thediepend, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	A group of starfish should be called a constellation ―BoyInACatCostume, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	A group of starfish should be called a galaxy ―joshburnsy, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	A guy can decline an invitation by saying his girlfriend won't let him go and everyone will likely understand. But if a girl declines an invitation by saying her boyfriend won't let her go, people will likely get concerned. ―1Calvin, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	A guy has to blow himself up to get 72 virgins. A girl just has to reveal her gender on the internet. ―tobyps, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	A guy with red haired parents is a Ginger-bred Man. ―Syrafes, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	A haiku consists of three stanzas that follow a pattern of 5/7/5. If you divide five by seven and then by five, you get 0.142857142857. This number, when read aloud, is a haiku. ―PerpetualCamel, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	A heart shape with initials cut into the tree bark means someone went on a date with a knife. ―ashley76, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	A hoax about a Mewtwo next to my business will be more powerful that any other kind of ad ―irek19, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	A hundred years ago, if 100,000 people saw something you made you'd be rated a very successful artist, writer, etc. Today, that barely qualifies as a successful meme. ―HipsterCosmologist, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	A hundred years ago, poor people had horses and rich people had cars. Now it's the other way around ―nmi987, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	A knee is a really big knuckle ―Fujiou, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	A laser tag arena would be an intense place for a cat. ―eskimoexplosion, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	A last name is like a brand of human. ―denture_adventurer, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	A lifetime supply of McDonalds is actually pretty short. ―powerx788, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	A line of paint on the road holds more authority than i probably ever will. ―0KoopaTroopa0, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	A loaded gun with a laser attachment is probably the easiest way to kill a cat ―LePandaMan, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	A lot of gay guys/girls who don't want to marry their current SO just got put in an awkward position ―maxwell_stupid, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	A lot of gunfights could have been prevented if they'd only made Old West towns bigger. ―nathanknaack, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	A lot of innocent chefs in Medieval times must have been executed because the King's food taster had allergies, which they wouldn't have understood. ―[deleted], Nov 2014
observations	sfw	A lot of people are gilding Victoria's comments after her dismissal, apparently unaware they are paying money to the company they are trying to protest. ―CheeeseHead20, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	A lot of people are now unknowingly celebrating their last New Year's Eve. ―-HeisenBird-, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	A lot of people died in order for us to know which fruits we can and cannot eat. ―yonkatonka, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	A lot of people have a problem thinking humans evolved from apes, yet have no problem accepting that pugs and chihuahuas descended from wolves. ―Petal_Phile, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	A lot of people ruin their lives over orgasms. ―isaval, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	A lot of what I spend my money on eventually comes out of my butt ―popularloser, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	A machine that builds ATMs would be called an "ATM Machine"... ―Shock_Hazzard, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	A male lunch lady is a lunch lord ―DataBiter, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	A male lunch lady is a lunch lord. ―brenan6, May 2015
observations	sfw	A man will treat a woman like a princess until she starts to act like one. ―kreebog, May 2015
observations	sfw	A man's wife is also his ex-girlfriend. ―w00tkid, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	A mean mathematician is just an average guy. ―s_a_j26, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	A meatball is just a baby meatloaf. ―ScaryBilbo, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	A million quarters is a quarter million ―Theraft90, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	A mullet will make you a redneck and also prevent you from getting one. ―BakedKartoffel, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	A mute super villain would be unstoppable ―bertweaze, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	A net is a flaccid cage. A cage is an erect net. ―Very_Naive_Girl, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	A newbie should be called a "pert", because over time, they'll become an "ex-pert". ―no_awning_no_mining, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	A night club is basically a party for people that weren't invited to an actual party ―mikaytheeasterbunny, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	A non-English speaker would never believe the spoken sentence "Ted had said that Ed had edited it" means anything. ―ChalkboardCowboy, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	A papercut is a tree's last revenge. ―247NoSleep, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	A person doesn't become homeless just because they lose all their money, but also because they lost all their friends. ―Paranoid4ndroid, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	A person doesn’t become homeless just because they lose all their money, but also because they lost all their friends. ―Davidhallen, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	A person from 150 years ago would be terrified by modern stuff. However, a duck from 150 years ago would just be all like, still got lakes? yes ? okay cool ―ChrismaLA, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	A pet rock is a great pet until you realize its is essentially immortal and you have damned it to an eternity of watching its loved ones die. ―hartattk, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	A phone cover is like a condom, it feels meh using it, and it feels amazing while not using it, but it's dangerous. ―baristol123, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	A pizza is basically a real-time pie chart of how much pizza is left. ―PossiblyNSA, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	A pizza is circular, but everyone eats it from the inside out. Everyone's first bite starts at the exact center of the pizza. ―Narhen, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	A polo referee should ride a zebra ―minnesotan_youbetcha, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	A poodle is literally a wolf in sheep's clothing. ―Otaivi, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	A pregnant woman has two skeletons inside her ―JetTractor, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	A prison sentence is just a long time-out for adults. ―dillon1868, May 2014
observations	sfw	A programmer programmed the program that programmers use for programming programs. ―PlamenDrop, May 2016
observations	sfw	A proper fork in the road would have three or four options. ―Regularoldballoon, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	A prostitute could technically refer to people they've slept with as "someone from work". ―newkyd, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	A pun is like an inside joke for an entire language. ―craznhorse, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	A reality show in which CEOs have to live off their lowest paid employee's salary for a month. ―cowboy_dan505, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	A receipt is like an obituary for my money ―thesongofmyppl, May 2016
observations	sfw	A relationship is like a DLC for life. It adds a ton of extra content, and a new storyline, but it usually involves spending a lot of money. ―typhoon937, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	A resume is really just a list of places i don't want to work at again ―smarterthansheldon, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	A robot we put on Mars can send high resolution images back to earth but I can't get cell service in the mountains. ―haydenantal, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	A romantic comedy movie where a woman is sent back in time to aid 18yo Adolf Hitler pass into The Academy of Fine Arts Vienna to prevent the holocaust. ―kharanos, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	A room gets smaller every time you paint it. ―BakinBacon23, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	A saddle is really just a human to horse adapter. ―Xhakukill, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	A satanic band should record an album singing the nastiest parts of the bible and release it as a christian album ―yucacuy, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	A school shooting is a horrible way to describe yearbook picture day. ―g____19, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	A second-born twin could technically be the older of two if the first is born before, and the second is born after the end of Daylight Savings Time. ―tiredwork, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	A selfie stick really ought be called a narcissistick. ―Machonun, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	A set of red, yellow, and green lights have more authority than I ever will. ―JMS230, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	A ship the size of the Death Star must usually have thousands of exhaust ports. Designing it to have only one is a technical marvel, not a design flaw. ―nowhereman136, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	A small child who draws a circle when asked to draw a star is probably either somewhat delayed or very advanced. ―who_fox, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	A snowman is a body of water. ―fireforfear, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	A snowman is technically a body of water ―thescentofwater, May 2016
observations	sfw	A speed limit essentially makes it illegal for my car to exist at a certain location directly in front of my current location, at a certain time in the future. ―justtosaythis11, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	A spider has made a web right overtop of my fruit fly infested compost bin. He is almost literally spawn camping. No fair, bro. ―DocteurTaco, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	A spoon is just a bowl that fits in your mouth ―IsThisNameTooShort, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	A spoon is just a tiny bowl on a stick. ―maelstrom197, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	A stopped clock will be right twice a day, but a clock losing one second a year will only be right every 43,200 years. ―twin_tails_, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	A subplot of many 90s films was the "business dad" who wouldn't get off the phone, resulting in a disappointed kid. Nowadays, these roles have reversed. ―sirbaralot, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	A successful marriage ends with watching the other person die. ―LugerLynx, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	A swimmingpool is basically a ball pit, only with very small balls. ―SoilworkFanatic, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	A telephone makes sound travel faster than the speed of sound ―UwRandom, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	A thousand seconds ago, I was on Reddit. A million seconds ago, I was at work last week. A billion seconds ago, I was in 7th grade. A trillion seconds ago, Neanderthals roamed the earth. ―Prooffread3r, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	A tissue fetish would be extremely convenient. ―Ep1cmoe, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	A ton of cars is about half a car. ―fishlimbs, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	A ton of cows is not a lot of cows ―pikaras, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	A ton of people is literally 12 to 15 people. ―CornfishPie, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	A ton of people is only around 10-15 individuals. ―optimatez, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	A ton of people would only be about 12 or 13 people. ―zanglb, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	A trapped sneeze is pretty much 'Blue Balls' of the face. ―bronalpaul, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	A tree house is the ultimate insult. "I killed your friend, here, hold him." ―BumTongue, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	A troll dropping F-bombs in a flame war is not as exciting as those terms make it sound. ―Jade_Lance, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	A true mad scientist would only destroy half of the earth, since the other half is the control group. ―avogando, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	A vacuum is one of the only items where "collecting dust" means you actually use it. ―JiminyWillikerz, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	A vampire could switch one of the lenses of his glasses with a mirror and effectively have a rear-view mirror ―save-iour, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	A video-game studio is probably the only workplace where it's appropriate to talk regularly about killing a boss. ―pearlito, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	A watch pronounces its own time of death. ―silversaturn48, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	A woman's breasts are basically lumps of fat, so whenever breasts are blurred on TV it's technically fat shaming ―ScrotumOfJesus, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	A wood fire is like releasing all the sunlight a tree absorbed in its life all at once. ―Stooven, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	A zombie outbreak could be prevented if people were buried with their shoe laces tied together. ―youngnreckless, May 2015
observations	sfw	ADDING "man" to "I love you" actually makes it LESS gay. ―Tevenan, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	AOL who I have never given a dollar to still hosts my e-mail address from 6th grade and yet my university whom I've given over 60 thousand dollars to deleted mine within a year of my graduation. ―Ismellcumin, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	ATMs should allow for a panic pin number so that if you are being forced to withdraw money, the police will be secretly notified while the machine "is taking a strangely long amount of time" to complete the withdrawal. ―Power2TheSheeple, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	About 150 years ago a car would be considered a luxury item and a horse a necessity, now a horse is a luxury item and a car is necessity. ―memejpg, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	About 30 years ago, President Nixon was almost impeached for wire tapping one building. Today, the U.S. Government (including the President) can record data from all our phones ―Musicaltheaterguy, May 2015
observations	sfw	About 50 yards into any lake there must be a ring of awesome skipping stones ―Breklinho, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	About 50% of marriages end in divorce, but the other 50% end in death ―ThatRedPanda11, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	About an hour after the final scene in many Disney movies, the main character will be losing her virginity. ―Thai-ed_Down, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	About every 15 minutes, there is a wave of people being woken up by alarms. 5 minutes later another wave of slightly less motivated individuals wakes up for the second time. ―BudosoNT, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Accents are like voice fonts ―BeatsByJay, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	According to a genital structure, Men should be the ones wearing the skirt and Women should be wearing trousers... ―Ahdilable, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	According to a study, when you begin a sentence with "according to a study," people will believe anything you say. ―Ragnar_Targaryen, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	According to most ghost photos, our clothes must have a soul too, otherwise all ghosts would be photographed naked. ―YoungLungsCoughing, May 2016
observations	sfw	According to the "Third time's a charm" rule, Germany will somehow win the next world war. ―GuessWhatIGot, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	According to the Bible, abstinence isn't 100% effective against pregnancy. ―appealAPPEALapeel, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	According to the general media it seems like absolutely everyone has Twitter, yet I don't know a single person who uses Twitter. ―spinuptheFTL, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	According to the human brain, the human brain is the most advanced thing in the world ―Useless_IT_Guy, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	According to the mac &amp; cheese box, I am a family of 4 ―mxax, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Acquired taste is the Stockholm Syndrome of the flavor world. ―therealjenks, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Actors Kiss each other for like 10 seasons and don't fall in love but when someone holds the door for me i think about it for 5 months ―paechoul, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Actors get paid more to pretend to go into space than astronauts get paid to actually go! ―Yoguls, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Ad Blocker became popular strictly by word of mouth. ―MortyDazzler, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Adam &amp; Eve had no concept of "good and evil". So, them in the garden of Eden is like 2 mentally disabled kids locked in a room alone everyday. Filled with safe toys...but also a chainsaw. Mistakes were made, God. That's all I'm saying. ―britzka, May 2016
observations	sfw	Adam Sandler is like Tyler Perry for white people ―fefebee, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Adam and Eve got an apple and regretted its terms and conditions. ―Epicurus1, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Adam and Eve were the first people to accept Apple's terms and conditions without reading them... ―FFExtraOrdinaire, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Adam and Eve were the first people to agree to Apple's terms and conditions without reading them. Seriously, nobody reads them. ―Skyfer_the_Youtuber, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Adblock is so good, if no one complained about Star Wars memorabilia being over the top, I would have had no idea. ―davelupt, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Adblock should buy out signs around time square and replace them with "This ad has been blocked by Adblock" ―chp2001, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Adblock should buy out signs around time square and replace them with ‘This ad has been blocked by Adblock’ ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Adding an "e" to the end of a word makes it seem old, but adding one to the beginning makes it sound high-tech. ―Rappaccini, May 2016
observations	sfw	Ads on the Internet are getting so smart that when I see a diaper ad, I worry Google knows something I don't ―kiver16, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Adult websites should make MILF related premium content free today ―CallMe_Dig_Baddy, May 2016
observations	sfw	Adulthood is like looking both ways before you cross the street and then getting hit by an airplane. ―Happy-Ghost, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Adulthood is when you stop trying to find your car's max speed and start trying to find its max fuel efficiency. ―maruchi_arahan, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Adults tell kids scary stories around a campfire so they'll be too scared to wander away from the campsite alone. ―jacquellon, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Afromans 'Because I got High' taught me more accurate consequences of marijuana than anything they said in school ―YeahNah73, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	After 20 years I've only just realised we sing the alphabet to twinkle twinkle little star. ―audia3162, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	After 2015, no part of any of the Back to the Future movies will actually take place in the Future ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	sfw	After I poo, I do up my belt before I wash my hands. I have never washed my belt. ―inserthumourousname, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	After a long road trip, there is a sense of relief once you're back in range of your radio presets. ―elevatedsparky, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	After all the new Star Wars movies come out, Star Wars will be a trilogy of trilogies. ―ganondorf_the_grey, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	After centuries of seeing their colonies declare independence, the UK wanted to try it out. ―onebigwaffle, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	After clearing browser history, there should be an option to fill up history with "normal" websites instead of it just being empty. ―DVMyZone, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	After clearing your browser history, there should be an option to have it filled with random 'normal' websites, instead of it being all empty. ―YabbilyDoobily, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	After everyone transforms back into a human at the end of Beauty and the Beast, it must have cost a fortune to restock the castle with lighting, furniture, and cookware. ―GirlUneedAShotofB12, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	After graduating in May, I'm no longer a "broke college student", I'm just poor. ―dfitzy92, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	After having diarrhoea for a few days it feels awesome to be able to fart with confidence again. ―Hairy_Cheeks, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	After living with my girlfriend for a few years now, I completely understand why every male retirement activity - golf, tennis, fishing, etc. - is done in silence. ―mhks, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	After more than 2000 years of technological advances, girls are still wearing the same sandals used in Ancient Rome ―bacuna, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	After overhearing a girl ask if cocaine was gluten free, I think I'm officially done with LA. ―Dodgeriscool, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	After playing Pokémon Go! for a month, I now sympathize with and understand my dogs frustration with claiming the hydrant at the corner every time we walk. ―tapdancinghotdog, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	After seeing social media posts from my religious friends and family over the last few weeks, it's now very clear that I learned more about how to be a good person from Superman and Spider-Man than they did from Jesus. ―CapnSmite, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	After the credits of a film that is "based on a true story" there should be a brief summary of the differences between the film and reality. ―charstar91, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	After this week, Back to the Future will take place entirely in the past ―nazgul_hunter, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	After watching 'Toy Story' as a chid, I used to feel guilty when I played with some toys more than others ―PointiusAtThePilate, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	After watching so many Television shows, I don't think a movie is anywhere near long enough anymore to develop characters or a story. ―nnavari, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Agar.io is basically that game that you watched as a kid where you look at the rain drops sliding down on the car windshield. ―DavidR747, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Air Bud seems like a great movie, until you realize some poor kid was cut from the team to make room on the roster for a golden retriever. ―Jorogasm, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Air Force training should be called Air Conditioning. ―enchiladagram, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	AirBNB is destroying the Hotel business like Uber is destroying the taxi business like email destroyed the mail business and grocery stores destroyed the milk man business. Such is life. ―brewski4broski, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Airbubbles in water are the opposite of rain. ―HughMility, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Airlines should award FLIGHT HOURS instead of MILES so if your plane is delayed they can tell you your wait counts as flight hours. You'll be less annoyed and they'll be motivated to work harder to avoid delays. ―morseman, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Airlines should take into account passenger weight when checking baggage. If a 300 pound guy is able to check a 50 pound bag for free, then as a 140 pound guy I should be able to check 210 pounds worth of stuff, too. ―damndudewtf, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Airplanes should release a powder with high hue/visibility colors when they break/impact on ocean water, which narrows down search for black box recorders. ―The-SpaceGuy, May 2016
observations	sfw	Airports are the only place where I don't think twice about people drinking booze at 7 in the morning ―I_Never_Red_It, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Airports should have post offices in them so you can mail home all the crap you can't bring onto the plane ―[deleted], Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Al Bundy was considered a loser in the 80s and 90s, even though he owned a decent house in a good neighborhood, and was able to sustain a family on a single income working as a shoe salesman on minimum wage. ―WildAnimus, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Al Gore could make a band called the Algorithms. ―gradual_weeaboo, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Al Pacino sounds more like a food modifier than a name. "I'll have the spaghetti al pacino." ―cubitfox, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Alan Rickman would have played an amazing older Kylo Ren. ―R_X_R, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Alcohol free and free alcohol are the polar opposites of fun. ―Maddlux, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Alcohol should be served in Capri-Sun styled pouches; when you can't get the straw through the hole anymore, you've had enough. ―IHaveNoUsernaemIdeas, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Alex Trebek should host an AMA where he gives us his answers first. ―PutZeCandleBack, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Aliens in pop culture always have humanoid bodies. It's like if sea cucumbers had scifi and every alien was just a different coloured sausage ―Sweetmilk_, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Aliens invaded the moon on July 20th, 1969. ―pollenatedweasel, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Aliens living millions of light years away haven't invaded us yet in fear of dinosaurs that their telescopes show on Earth. ―polikujm1, May 2015
observations	sfw	All Olympic events should save a spot for a random, average person so viewers can see how much better the athletes are than normal people ―graaahh, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	All accounts should have a "I lied about my age before" option for when you actually turn 18. ―scottylime, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	All ads are ads for adblock. ―Planet2Bob, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	All animals except humans have the right to be nude in public ―nudistfrog, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	All cellphone cameras, laptop cameras, and other webcams should come with a sliding door that has to be physically opened and closed by the user. ―TwinCitititities, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	All cops should have body cams with a button that they are told shuts off recording. But it doesn't do anything. ―BACK_BURNER, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	All fish tanks are basically soups if you apply heat ―-jako, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	All horror movies should show bloopers before credits so that you don't get nigthmares after watching a really scary movie. ―Unicorncorn21, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	All males strive to "be the man" while avoiding "being that guy". ―BaronVonTittySlapper, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	All marijuana is considered medical marijuana if you believe laughter is the best medicine. ―ThatLonelyAstronaut, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	All marijuana is medical marijuana if you believe that laughter is the best medicine. ―LizLemon_99, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	All microwaves should have an "after hours" setting that stops the beeper from going off when your food is ready so you don't wake anybody up while you're trying to make some Cup O' Noodles. ―LPfor3v3r, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	All my professors this semester have degrees from Harvard. So I guess I'm getting a Harvard education. ―TheArkLuno, May 2016
observations	sfw	All of Aladdin was a story told by the merchant to get us to buy a worthless lamp. ―Orangeheart59, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	All of my friends are getting married, and I'm still trying to get over the fact that oranges are pre-sliced by nature. ―patrioticmurica, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	All of the best skipping rocks are in the middle of the lake. ―Angeloug, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	All of the best skipping rocks are in the middle of the lake. ―Jra399, May 2016
observations	sfw	All of the planets in Star Wars have the exact same gravitational pulls. ―[deleted], May 2014
observations	sfw	All our alien theories involve kidnaping, because that's exactly what we would be doing if we found life outside earth. ―michelkz, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	All our pets might have Stockholm syndrome. ―TeeDeeEff, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	All pants and jeans should have pockets lined with microfiber material so your phone gets cleaned every time you put it in your pocket. ―argonian_, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	All polls are biased towards people who are willing to take polls ―Risemack, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	All pregnant women are bodybuilders. ―mistergoodpepper, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	All restrooms should be pull to enter, push to leave ―opinionatedidiot, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	All single men at a bar, gay or straight, kinda hope all good looking straight men are gay. ―fortunatehobo, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	All single-person bathrooms should be unisex ―GucciEmet, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	All skiing is water skiing. ―Oiyeahna, May 2015
observations	sfw	All terms and conditions should be required to provide a tl;dr ―BuddyEndsleigh, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	All tests should be open book. It's not like your future boss is going to say, "I need those tax returns finished by noon, but don't look at any of the financial statements. Do it all from memory." ―averykrouse, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	All the Digimons end with -mon because they are computer programs, and ".mon" is their extension for monster. ―SubotaiKhan, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	All the Star Wars movies are just about the drama of one family. It's basically "Keeping up with the Skywalkers". ―Elementaal, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	All the Trump haters seem to disregard the fact that we'd probably get some pretty sweet new punk bands out of his presidency. ―FapForYourLife, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	All the characters from Toy Story are Chinese ―Lucius_Annaeus_Senec, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	All the coins tossed into fountains should be donated to the Make-A-Wish Foundation. ―pinkandglitter, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	All the guys from 'Pawn Stars' should compete on an episode of 'The Price is Right' ―robidizzle, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	All the months at the end of year are 'embers' it's like the year is burning itself out... ―PhoenixGrey, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	All the popular baby names you hate while pregnant will be the names of your child's friends and classmates. ―bearssuck, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	All these charmanders outside my house finally proves that hot singles do exist in my area ―aad32, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	All those Harlem Shake videos are still on Youtube ―ColbertsBump, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	All those rappers that bought huge gold chains in the 80's and 90's actually made pretty prudent investments. ―U_P_G_R_A_Y_E_D_D, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	All us reddit users are just like children sitting awkwardly at the dinner table while their parents fight. ―krlidz, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	All words are made up ―NoneApplicable, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	All worms are Earth worms. ―tenhou, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	All your internal organs function in complete darkness. ―ThurstonHowellIV, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	All-you-can-eat restaurants should tell you at the end of your meal how much it would have cost at a normal restaurant ―ConfusedMandarin, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Almost every person I've ever met and thought "I hope they don't have children" ... has kids. Almost every decidedly child-free person I've ever met ... would make a good parent. ―Randydeluxe, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Almost every sound outside is an animal trying to get laid ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Alocohol should be served in Capri-Sun styled pouches; when you can't get the straw through the hole anymore, you've had enough. ―Dylan8932, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Along with "reddit gold" there should be "reddit bullshit" that you can award when you really think someone is lying ―fruityruity, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Always bring the banana to your mouth, never bring your mouth to the banana. ―johnson2johnson, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Am I perfect? No. But am I striving to be a better person every day? Also, no. ―itim__office, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Am I the only one who thinks that TL;DR: should be at the *start* or a post? ―Forvalaka, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Amazed that no science fiction book has been written based on the outcome of somehow finding definitive proof that there are no aliens - it would be just as shattering as the opposite. ―alphabet_street, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Amazon Prime Movies should have a category called "Not on Netflix" for people who have both services. ―Phister_BeHole, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Amazon Prime would be an awesome leader of the Autobots. ―spiffiness, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Amazon has ruined my expectations on how quickly an item should be shipped and handled ―thedunstin, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Amazon has spoiled me to the point where anything over 2 days for shipping seems like an outrage. ―cye604, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Amazon is trying to subliminally convince us to burn down the rainforest, with product names like "Amazon Kindle" and "Amazon Fire” ―bge, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Amazon really needs a "I have £20 to spend and no idea what I want, show me cool things" button. ―FearOfAllSums, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Amazon should have "Already bought one" and "Not interested" buttons so the same products don't follow you around in ads for weeks on end. ―thegreatestajax, May 2016
observations	sfw	Amazon should have a "Secret Santa" feature, where you buy an item for a random person who has it on their wish list. ―MrStudentDude, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Amazon should have a 'Things You May Like Under $5' section so we can get free shipping for $25 when we're short and don't know what to get. ―kratFOZ, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Amazon should have a button that let's you donate enough to cover for the free shipping price so you don't have to order another item and you get to help charities. ―sdcarlisle13, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Amazon should have a button that tells them "I'm done looking for items like these" after you found one and bought it ―NickCasas, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Amazon should have a take a penny leave a penny system where you can get rid of your unwanted 13 cents left on a gift card and somebody can use up to a dollar of what people left if they are a little bit short. ―mario0102, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Amazon should have an option to donate money to get you over the free shipping threshold. ―bushleague11, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Amazon should have an option to donate to charity if your short on free shipping ―Danot3, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Amazon should have an option where you can choose to donate the remaining amount in order to get to 35$+ total to get free shipping. ―nickperry11, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	America is not a "melting pot", it's a house salad, and people are constantly trying to pick out the parts they don't like. ―omgsus, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	America's funniest home videos was our parents' YouTube. ―This_comment_has, May 2015
observations	sfw	American children under the age of about 7 or 8 don't know what it's like to have a white man as president. ―mishra1111, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	American football is like a turn-based strategy game while soccer is like an real-time strategy game ―Hotwir3, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	American journalism has gotten to the point that readers are criticized for not fact checking news articles. ―Olympian123, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Americans are worried about violence in Rio yet 19 people were shot in Chicago today and I see little coverage of it. ―Whoshabooboo, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Americans have to be 420 months old to become president. ―1wjl1, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Americans stereotype Mexicans as "lazy" while simultaneously complaining that Mexicans are "stealing all of our [labor-intensive] jobs." ―frazwood, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Americans use the Metric system when buying drugs because asking for a teaspoon of heroin is just embarrassing. ―SpookyGeek, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Amputees with prosthetic legs can use the phrase "I stand corrected" literally. ―[deleted], Jul 2014
observations	sfw	An "old man" is typically older than an "older man." ―NPDoc, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	An "unlimited minutes per month" phone plan really only gives you 44,640 minutes per month at best ―bubscuf, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	An American and an Australian if born right this second would have a different birth date by day, month and year. If the American moves to Australia they would still be older. ―Rummy_Panfa, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	An AskReddit post is a reverse AMA ―foxtrui, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	An Egg McMuffin is a younger version of the McChicken. ―potatodavid, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	An NBA player being fined $25,000 is the equivalent of me being fined $4.60 based on my own net worth. ―commuterboy, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	An ad I can't mute, skip or minimize will not make me want a product more. It will make me resent the product and its maker more. ―philipjeremypatrick, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	An animated Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy movie done by the creators of Futurama would be amazing. ―CalcasieuRed, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	An employer probably wouldn't hire a person being investigated by the FBI, but we will probably elect one. ―DubistPoop, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	An entire generation of teenagers who do not know every word to the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air theme song will soon exist. ―danhainaut, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	An onion forces you to cry over it's dead body. ―[deleted], Jan 2016
observations	sfw	An option on Netflix to watch the trailer of the movie would help out on deciding what to watch ―iJustObserve, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	An organist is an organism that is an organization of organs playing the organ. ―livesinatreehouse, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Anakin Skywalker always complained about not being taken seriously, whined constantly, and obsessed over one girl for decades who he called "m'lady". He was the original neckbeard. ―[deleted], Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Anakin Skywalker over the course of 6 movies lost 5 of his 4 limbs in 3 duels. ―math_is_fake, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Anal seemed hot when I was in my teens/lower twenties. After a few months of living with my girlfriend, the smell of the bathroom in the morning after her morning coffee has put that fetish to rest. Forever. ―[deleted], Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Animals that are caught, tagged and released must feel like they were abducted by aliens. ―CodimusPrime, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Animated GIFs have revived silent film. ―RollRoundInTheToilet, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Animated gifs are bringing us back to an era of silent comedy. ―ForenameSurname, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Anne Frank and MLK were both born in the same year but people don't know that since they associate them with two different time periods... ―860256, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Anne Frank and Martin Luther King Jr. were both born in the same year, yet we associate them as being in completely different periods in history ―sweet1337roll, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Annoying pop-ups that ask me to turn off adblock never succeeded. Instead they just make me stop using the site. ―IMplyingSC2, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Another 4 years and "The Simpsons" will be able to play a different Halloween episode every day of October. ―All_Bonered_UP, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Another name for cocktail sauce is dickbutt sauce ―dcouncil, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Ant-man could be in every shot of the new Captain America trailer and we wouldn't know ―londome, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Antarctica has the highest average IQ of any continent. ―Geminiilover, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Antarctica only has northern coasts ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Antarctica probably has the highest average IQ of any continent ―Halatrie, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Anti smoking campaigns should just advertise 'Cigarettes don't even get you high' ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Anti vaxxers think it's worse to raise a kid with autism than to let a kid die of measles ―SonofBeckett, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Anti-piracy ads always insisted that "you wouldn't download a car", except I would absolutely download a car. ―No-YouShutUp, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Anti-vaccination people are more afraid of living with a kid with autism than they are of losing their child from an illness. ―Decobran, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Antibiotics could be considered a performance enhancing drug at this year's Olympics. ―fourreeler, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Antivirus programs should be put into a 'Hunger Games' style combat, all installed on one PC and all told each other is a virus. The winner is the one still working. ―twingivings, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Ants have succesfully colonised all continents except, ironically, Antarctica. ―Lo0t, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Any amount of Oxygen is a lifetime supply of Oxygen ―datorangeguy, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Any animal that dies during hibernation, essentially dug their own grave. ―isupposeitsjoe, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Any dog can be a guide dog if you don't care where you're going. ―tquo, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Any drink with calories is an energy drink. ―ManchesthairUnoited, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Any kid whose hs mascot was a falcon and graduated in 00 was a millennium falcon ―darthtate, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Any machine can be a smoke machine if you use it wrong enough. ―okayyeahbutmaybe, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Any machine is a smoke machine if you use it wrongly. ―Drekked, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Any of you could be my next door nieghbor. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough. ―ZacDD, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Any salad is a Caesar salad if you stab it enough times ―911WasAPie, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Any salad is a Caesar salad if you stab it enough. ―Artistico1, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Any vehicle that Tom Cruise drives is in cruise control ―DrEnrique, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Anyone could die at any point because of any reason so there has probably been some point in your life where a simple decision has saved your life. ―Kemono98, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Anyone notice the irony behind "hyphenated" and "non-hyphenated"? ―IwishIwereaPineapple, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Anyone on the internet who has a profile picture of an Anonymous mask is almost certainly not part of Anonymous ―BenjaminAmey, May 2016
observations	sfw	Anyone under 13 probably doesn't understand why we say hang up the phone ―bambambigelowww, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Anyone who feels the need to point out that they're 'weird' is probably boring. ―mysticalzebra, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Anyone who is wearing braces at the start of an apocalypse has a slim chance of ever getting them off ―dogfunky, May 2014
observations	sfw	Anyone who might've invented time travel is dead &amp; floating out in space because we don't yet have space travel advanced enough to keep up with the movement of Earth over time. ―you_zehr_naime, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Anyone who smokes can take multiple breaks in the work day to feed their addiction, but if I play ONE game of Hearthstone... ―Randomd0g, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Anyone who thinks that the word "dude" is not a gender-neutral pronoun is probably taking life too seriously. ―TheOtherScottishOgre, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Anything can be a boomerang if you throw it directly upwards ―Stryyx, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Anytime I see a dog with 3 legs I feel really bad but then I realize he looks at me with 2 legs and I probably give him inspiration ―bean0s0rz, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Anytime I see a dog with 3 legs I feel really bad but then I realize he looks at me with 2 legs and I probably give him inspiration ―bean0s0rz, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Anytime my GF says "OMG I love this movie!", I know I'm about to watch a terrible movie. ―RascalsWager, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Anytime someone uses the phrase the "War on _______," they are almost certainly referring to something that's not an actual war. ―needleRick11, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Aperture Science is an allegory for Valve. They had an early, massive, innovative success, but are now so concerned about testing their product and making it absolutely perfect that they'll never release anything new. ―AStrayLamia, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Apparently there is a bipartisan push in the senate to legalize marijuana for arthritis treatment. So in other words, there's joint support for joint support for joint support. ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Apple automatically updates to latest version - nobody bats an eyelid. Microsoft does it and everyone loses their mind. ―WesNg, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Apple cars will be the first Apple product to use windows ―Appaloosa_Slim_Chode, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Apple has "air." Amazon has "fire." Google has "earth." I think Microsoft should create something called "water." ―arbaminim, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Apple has become the anthesis of their famous 1984 campaign. ―theshoopiandude, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Apple is the Starbucks of technology. Hugely popular, cheaply made, and everybody raves about it when it's not at all the best stuff on the market. ―DrMaxhattan, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Apple is vain enough to capitalize Apple in my texts because they always think I'm talking about them and couldn't possibly be referencing the fruit humans have been eating for thousands of years. ―T4lk_N3rdy_2_M3, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Apple isn't killing the headphone jack, people that are buying a phone with no headphone jack are. ―-obliviouscommenter-, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Apple sauce is just baby food that is socially acceptable for everyone to eat ―ConGargan, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Apple should invent something like a cord that ties AirPods to iPhones so that they don't get lost. ―Eesa_, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Apple should respond to Google Glass with the iPatch ―sam_wise_guy, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Apple should temporarily change their logo back to the rainbow apple to support Tim Cook's decision to come out as gay. ―WalkerFLRanger, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Apple stores are better than Microsoft stores because the most expert and passionate Apple users work there, whereas the most passionate and expert Microsoft users have real tech jobs. ―thegreatestajax, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Apple's iPhone is the reason I didn't feel the need to carry around a watch anymore. Now they want me to buy a watch. ―MacadamiaWire, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	April 1st would be the worst day for a zombie outbreak to begin ―arron77, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	April Fool's Day is the best day for a company to unveil a potentially controversial product. If people hate it, they can just claim it was a joke. If people love it, they can continue working on it. ―Cevan, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	April Fool's Day is the one day of the year when people critically evaluate news articles before accepting them as true. ―kellenbrent, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Are Medusa's leg hairs tiny snakes? ―Achooah, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Are Medusa's leg hairs tiny snakes? ―superpie5, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Are Medusa's pubes also snakes?? ―PressStart2Cont, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Are all the guys in a boy band singing about/to the same girl? If so, that's a little creepy and weird ―voltronforlife, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Are medusa's pubes snakes? ―Guava_, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Are the people who don't signal on the road also the kind of the people who have communication issues in their own lives? ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Are two icicles a bicycle? ―Propane13, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Aren't all galaxies 'far far' away? ―Killybug, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Aren't humans just a virus infecting and killing our host (Earth)? And once we colonize other planets, have we successfully gone airborne? ―kkampy, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Ariana Grande sounds like a Taco Bell combo meal. ―[deleted], Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Ariana Grande sounds like a font on Microsoft Word ―makinthings, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Around 95% of the toilet paper I use is just a buffer. ―AndIMustFollowIfICan, May 2016
observations	sfw	Art is how we decorate space; music is how we decorate time. ―aclayhutchings, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Artificial flavoring and synthetic ingredients are so common in our groceries that making a product with real food has become a marketing point ―ACEmat, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	As I get older, "your mom" jokes are getting more and more risky. ―MrHobbes82, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	As I get older, I've realized that part of being an adult is being tired all the time and trying to find different ways to deal with it. ―ProdigyLightshow, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	As I get older, birthday parties are less about presents and more about presence ―BareLondis, May 2016
observations	sfw	As I get older, birthday parties are less about presents and more about presence. ―MasterKoga, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	As I grow older, Calvin and Hobbes gets funnier, but Garfield gets worse. ―RVDean-Ambrose, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	As I lay in this bathtub, eating an upsetting amount of buffalo wings and watching Netflix on my laptop, I'm experiencing luxury greater than many kings of history have known. And yet, I still feel a little bit trashy. ―poopedinthechili, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	As I've got older, cereal has become less of a breakfast and more of a late night snack ―YTJay, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	As I've grown older I've realized that Santa likes rich kids more than everyone else ―RKstankypants, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	As Wolverine, Hugh Jackman is a huge, jacked man. ―DoctorImperialism, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	As a 14 year old girl the funniest part of Reddit is imagining you all think I'm a grown man ―trustmeimnotastalker, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	As a 20 year old man I still don't feel confident enough to brush my teeth in the shirt I plan on wearing today. ―Greenguy1996, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	As a 30 year old father, I'm horrified that my parents were forced to raise me without Google. ―duckduckduckmoose, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	As a 30 year old, 50 year old people don't look as old as I imagined when I was a child. ―akeytoasafe, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	As a 55 year old male, I thought Ariana Grande was a font. ―DougSR01, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	As a Brit, I panic every year when I see Happy Mothers Day posts in May ―666Ven, May 2016
observations	sfw	As a British guy on Reddit, I've seen hundreds of pictures from the Superbowl, seen at least 2 of the adverts during the commercial breaks, seen clips of the half time show, and even know how much the drinks cost. But I still have no idea who won. ―copeman, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	As a California resident, I could save some water by thinking less in the shower ―colinexl, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	As a Canadian, America feels like an older brother that I continue to care about but he keeps on making questionable life choices and there's nothing I can do about it. ―hyperbolicjosine, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	As a Canadian, when I'm with an American I subconsciously thicken my accent and say "sorry" and "eh" more to live up to the stereotype. ―already_satisfied, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	As a Disney land worker, I wonder how many pictures of me in my costume are in random people's houses. ―27will4ndrews27, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	As a Japanese speaker, I have to take extra few seconds to force my brain to not treat ツ as an character when I read ¯\_(ツ)_/¯. ―Mineswooper, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	As a Muslim, everytime some Muslim commits an act of terror I feel just like Professor X everytime Magneto/Brotherhood of Evil Mutants does something stupid. ―LastSonOfVegeta, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	As a Pink Floyd fan, nothing angers me quite as much as seeing a vegetarian eating pudding. ―Loudsilences, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	As a bad speller, my goal is usually just to be close enough that the correct spelling appears in the suggestions. ―TheRetroVideogamers, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	As a bald, hairy man, I should probably shampoo my body and use body wash soap on my head. ―BrandonThe, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	As a child I never thought about race, gender, or religion until school and textbooks mentioned it ―TheSholvaJaffa, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	As a child I spent 25 cents for about four minutes of an arcade game, but as an adult I won't pay $1 for a Mobile game I play for hours. ―boldfacelies, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	As a child I was excited when the door bell rang...as an adult I pretend I'm not home. ―Steel_Slinger, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	As a child I was told Wikipedia was an unreliable website and I should never use it. Now it's the first place I go when I need information. ―ThatGuyWhoIsBad, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	As a child, I couldn't believe adults knew so much. As an adult, I can't believe adults know so little. ―kidbuddy, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	As a child, I never imagined that I would be attracted to butts. ―SweatyLatina, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	As a child, I wanted to be an adult because of the freedoms it would give (R rated movies, drinking, driving, etc.) As an adult, I want to be a child because of the freedoms it would give (free time, no bills, sleeping in, etc.) ―filler1234, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	As a child, I was always afraid of teenagers. As a teenager, I was afraid of other teenagers. As someone who has graduated high school, I am still afraid of teenagers. Teenagers will never not be scary. ―calmurself, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	As a child, falling asleep in the car and being carried to bed was the most amazing thing in the world. Now, as a father, doing the same for my daughter is equally as amazing. ―Hobo_pancakes, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	As a child, going to bed at 8PM feels like punishment. As an adult, going to bed at 8PM feels like a reward. ―shakedspeare, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	As a child, the concept of having a favourite color seemed more important than it turned out to be. ―DogeSaint-Germain, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	As a college senior, I can't wait until my net worth is finally $0 ―KingOfTheCouch13, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	As a college senior, I can't wait until my net worth is finally $0 ―ali2sohaib, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	As a college student, I am never thankful enough to the individuals who go out of their way to put the latest edition of a textbook online for me to be able to pirate ―irbinator, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	As a cop with a body camera, I can no longer make things like marijuana "disappear" and let you go with a warning, seeing as how all video is open to public records. ―Tony_Starkwars, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	As a cyclist I assume every driver wants to kill me. As a driver I assume every cyclist has a death wish. ―InteriorEmotion, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	As a dishwasher, I come home after hours of work in which I get covered in filth, and I take a shower only to realize...I am the final dish ―RandyJones, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	As a father I have realized that days are long and years are short. ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	As a father of a 3 yo, I am probably the first generation that would rather find my teen child experimenting with marijuana over alcohol or cigarettes. ―usuallyafakestory, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	As a gamer, I look at someone's Steam game list instead of their Facebook profile to see what type of person they really are ―Tamale_y_Pepino, May 2016
observations	sfw	As a gay guy, other gay guys are both potential romantic rivals and targets at the same time. ―Dr_Heron, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	As a girl, I have taken for granted my whole life that we can't get awkward boners ―CourageKitten, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	As a graphic designer, my entire career exists because I was able to pirate Photoshop 10 years ago. ―AnimalCrust, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	As a guy I sometimes wish someone would ask me "Does the carpet match the drapes?" So I can tell them there is no carpet only hard wood. ―Tman972, May 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid I could never get my hands on a fast food meal and as an adult I can never get my hands on a home cooked meal ―SenorKerry, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid I hated getting grounded, now I get upset when I have to leave the house ―jamditis, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid I hated my common, boring name. Today, I love that no one can Google me. ―Chiliad2, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	As a kid I thought being able to perfectly reproduce my signature would be much a bigger deal than it actually is. ―mintsponge, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid I thought summer was by far the best season. As an adult it is by far the worst. ―StillPlaysFlappyBird, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid I thought that being able to read minds would be awesome. As an adult I think that it would be somewhere between emotionally damaging and downright terrifying. ―IrishMerica, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid I used to think of "kicked the bucket" as a tame way to state somebody died. I just realized as an adult it signifies kicking the bucket from underneath your feet that is keeping you alive before you hang yourself. ―TheDukeOfEllington, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid I was taught to stop, drop, and roll like getting caught on fire would be a frequent part of my life. ―GuyWithNoDollars, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	As a kid I would brag about staying up past 11. As an adult I brag about getting to sleep before 11. ―tantalicatom689, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	As a kid I would have loved to have $100 in my bank account. Now as an adult I get scared when I have $100 in my bank account. ―bravesfan13, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid the movie Groundhog Day seemed utterly unrealistic. As an adult working the same 9-5 for years it's the most realistic snapshot of life I've ever seen ―bflo091986, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid, I got lectured for only doing the bare minimum to complete a task. As an engineer, I get paid to do just that. ―muffinpoots, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	As a kid, I had absolutely no idea that my favourite thing as an adult would be doing nothing. ―jayflashgordon, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid, I had to be careful not to curse around adults. Now as an adult, I have to be careful not to curse around kids. ―Loudsilences, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	As a kid, I thought "Stop, drop and roll" was going to be a much more important part of my adult life than it turned out to be. ―Ninjamin_King, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid, I thought America seemed ancient and eternal. Now I realize that America is only 238 years old and could collapse at any time just like the Roman Empire. ―veryfancycoffee, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid, I was careful not to curse around adults. Now as an adult, I'm careful not to curse around kids. ―kayjay25, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	As a kid, doing nothing was a punishment. As an adult, doing nothing is a reward. ―missjc, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid, getting too big for your clothes is exciting and good. As an adult, it’s depressing and awful. ―SAMUEL_RANDY147, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid, if I was in trouble or my parents did something I didn't like, I would say to myself, "I will never do that to my kids." Now as a parent, I can't remember what I am supposed to do differently. ―FlabbyFanny, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	As a kid, mail addressed to me usually meant I was getting money. As an adult, it usually means I owe someone money. ―maggotbrownie, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	As a kid, nothing excited me more than seeing a McDonalds PlayPlace. As an adult, nothing disgusts me more than seeing a McDonalds PlayPlace ―porklomeinnoveg, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	As a kid, this time of year always filled my wallet. As an adult, the opposite has become true. ―BRUISE_WILLIS, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	As a left-hander, I take for granted the fact that i can scroll my mouse with my right hand and take notes with my left ―tennisstar04, May 2016
observations	sfw	As a male I've received so much cologne over the years as gifts that I've never had to buy any myself. I've let other people decide how I should smell. ―AzBrah, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	As a male in my late 20's, it's a bigger relationship step to hold hands with a girl in public than to be sleeping together ―logicallyillogical, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	As a married man, NSFW in my mind means Not Safe For Wife. ―Tango_777, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	As a middle-aged white guy, if I ever lost my dog by an elementary school I'd have to consider it gone forever. ―a_rabid_squirrel, May 2016
observations	sfw	As a minimum-wage cashier, I've probably physically touched more money than our country's richest people ―achappy808, May 2016
observations	sfw	As a non-American, watching American TV I don't even notice their accent, but in real life the exact same accent is extremely noticeable. ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	sfw	As a paramedic, I'll be one of the first to be bitten in a zombie apocalypse ―yourcoldeyes, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	As a parent I would be less concerned about what my son downloads from Internet than what my daughter uploads on it. ―poushkar, May 2016
observations	sfw	As a person who visits Reddit a normal amount of time, I rarely notice reposts. People who complain about seeing reposts over and over are basically admitting they have a problem ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	sfw	As a pregnant woman, my body contains eight limbs, and therefore this is the closest I'll ever be to being a spider.... ―Ohmygod_dude, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	As a programmer, I am more concerned when my code works perfectly the first time than when it doesn't ―hrangan, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	As a programmer, my job is to explain to machines what humans want them to do. ―Obvious0ne, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	As a redditor who doesn't play fallout I feel like a 1%er. ―os-406, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	As a retail employee, I can't think of a more cruel method of torture as listening to the same fifteen songs for fifty hours a week at an unreasonable wage. ―Moonjabi, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	As a single guy, my heated passenger seat in my car is a takeout warmer. ―Drivethrugaming, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	As a straight dude, I'm totally pumped to watch some Gay Divorce Court. ―PinkFreudianSlips, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	As a straight male, I sincerely hope that every man who is better looking than me is gay. ―DapperFrog, May 2016
observations	sfw	As a student, $1000 is both almost no money at all, and yet so much money, at the same time. ―laminatedlama, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	As a student, there is nothing better than finally finishing a project, then being able to close out all of the tabs in my browser related to that project. ―YisThatUsernameTaken, May 2016
observations	sfw	As a teen, I was told not to trust anyone on the Internet, not to add everyone on Facebook, and not to be stupid online. Now, I'm telling my parents the same things. ―JediMasterJedi, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	As a teenager the funniest part of reddit is remembering that most of you are adults. ―Chadude100, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	As a teenager, when I said "I don't have the money" it's because I literally couldn't cover it out of my checking account. As an adult, it means I can't realistically fathom spending the money that I actually have. ―FreeNinedy9, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	As a teenager, you look for every excuse to drive. As an adult, you look for every excuse not to drive. ―Barvoucher, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	As a twenty-something. I have no concept of what my parents were like at my age. My future children however will have gigabytes of evidence of what I was like. ―Phatang, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	As a very slim, small person, I like to think people believe they hit the jackpot when I choose to sit next to them on a plane. ―Worlds_Biggest_Troll, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	As a woman hanging out on reddit, I get to read the kind of conversations that men had only in pubs and locker rooms outside of female company fifty years ago. ―jpallan, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	As a woman, when I say "my partner" people assume I mean my business partner. When my husband says "my partner" people assume he is gay. ―mokatter, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	As adults, we are just trying to return to the days of our early childhood. We want to eat when we are hungry, sleep when we are tired, play when we are bored, never have to worry about money, and be loved unconditionally. ―The_Lightkeeper, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	As an Adult I think about running away way more then I ever did as a kid. ―Captblue1, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	As an American, I sometimes find it funny the way British people pronounce things. Until I realize that they invented the language and I'm the one that should be laughed at. ―bababui22, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	As an American, it's nice to see that another country is the laughing stock of the world for a change. ―Petey3894, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	As an adult I don't procrastinate; I just straight out ignore my responsibilities. ―BlackBox-, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	As an adult on reddit I have to remind myself that I'm oftentimes arguing with teenagers ―zjbird, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	As an adult, I can quite literally do whatever I want to, but I always end up wanting to just go home. ―khaleelu, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	As an adult, I'll receive a £300 bill for the front tooth that I lost. As a kid, I would receive £2 for every tooth that I lost. These were no gifts. The Tooth Fairy is a Loan Shark. ―Limmy92, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	As an adult, I'm not eating nearly as much ice cream as 10 year old me thought I would. ―zaogao_, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	As an adult, the beer aisle at the grocery makes me feel exactly like the cereal aisle made me feel as a kid. ―pickyourbeard, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	As an adult, you can literally do what ever you want to do, I always end up wanting to just go home. ―Ftw_dabs69ish, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	As an early 90's child, I'm really glad that a 6 to 15-year-old me couldn't post my thoughts all over the Internet. ―Mocker-Nicholas, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	As an hourly-paid worker, I am literally paying for the crap I buy with hours of my life. ―NcallyS, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	As an introvert it seems so pointless to hate people for their race, religion, or sexual orientation. Get to know them instead, and you'll find there are literally hundreds of other, perfectly valid reasons to hate them. ―coupland, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	As cars become quieter and more electric, crossing the street will become even more dangerous ―KingWoloWolo, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	As kids, we're told talking to yourself is crazy. As an adult, talking to myself is one of the few things that keeps me sane. ―psycholepzy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	As long as you don't have kids, your 30s are like your 20s but with money. ―CaptainSomeGuy, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	As marijuana is legalized, someone is going to be the last person jailed for selling pot. ―dsyzdek, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	As more people turn to internet steaming over cable, Netflix needs to adopt an Emergency Broadcast System. ―stupidstupidreddit, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	As most people are buried in suits, the zombie apocalypse would be a rather formal affair. ―Nosferatii, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	As my kids grow up, they will initially associate the word "Amazon" with an online store and not a rain forest in South America. ―16semesters, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	As someone in Scotland, it feels like England is being the friend who got way too drunk and got us kicked out of the club. ―katherkelly, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	As someone who doesnt drink, and also has a weakness for redheads, I can accurately say that "I like my women like I like my ale: Ginger". ―dkepp87, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	As someone who is not religious, I say the words "Jesus Christ" more than someone who is ―fyfewoi, May 2016
observations	sfw	As someone who was born well after Nixon's Presidency, I have learned more about him through Futurama than anything else. ―Knot4Every1, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	As someone who wears glasses, I'm so glad 3D televisions never caught on. ―CHEWS_OWN_FORESKIN, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	As someone with a bad memory, I wish I could Google things that happened in my life. ―MN_Pups, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	As someone with depression dying for someone is nothing. Living for someone is harder than anything. ―the_swaggin_dragon, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	As the mom of a 5 year old, I don't understand why all ELI5 answers aren't "Because I said so." ―fitbottomedgrl, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	As time passes, more and more people will believe "That '70s Show" was made in the '70s. ―perchrc, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Ashley Madison is about to become a dating website for divorced people. ―danderson5, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Ashtray is just Pig Latin for Trash. ―TooTallForPony, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Asking a quiet person why they're being so quiet is the equivalent of telling angry person to calm down ―pikindaguy, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Asking for someone's name is just asking what noise you should make to attract their attention ―Kanef64, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Asking for someone's name is just asking what noise you should make to attract their attention ―njlhunt14, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Asking for someone's name is weird... Basically: "What noise should I make to get your attention?" ―cb526, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Asking someone "where are you" is a recent thing. Before we had mobile phones, the only way we could talk to people is if we knew where they were. ―saint1997, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Asking someone a question used to be a good way to start a conversation. Now that we can just "google it", I almost feel like asking someone a question makes me look lazy or weird for not having just searched for it on the internet. ―Flonkus, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Askreddit is like my wife. Ask one simple harmless question and recieve and angry torrent of abuse and negative criticisms. ―Yoguls, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Astronauts are about to eat food grown in space. Technology has looped far enough around to make farming an astonishing achievement yet again. ―Ranwoken, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	At 11:11:11 on 11/11/1111 no one had a clock accurate enough to care ―Twiggled, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	At 27.44mph top speed, it is illegal for Usain Bolt to run in a school zone. ―Bodybuilder-Vince, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	At 31, I am older than every dog in the world. ―citizenshame, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	At 36 years old, I am older then Al Bundy was at the start of Married with Children. When watching the show as a kid, I always thought he was an old loser. I fear what that means I am. ―Jaleou, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	At 4:16 p.m. and 16 seconds today, the date and time will be: 1/6/16 16:16:16. ―Legato2001, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	At 5.5", the new iPhone will be bigger than the dicks of 50% of the men who own one. ―fredandlunchbox, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	At a 27.44mph top speed, it is illegal for Usain Bolt to run in a school zone ―swaggermint, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	At a certain age, Halloween stops being about candy and starts being about eye candy. ―yimyames, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	At age 30, you've spent a month having birthdays. ―lolexplode, May 2015
observations	sfw	At age 30, you’ve spent a month having birthdays. ―mrgoldtech, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	At any given moment it is entirely possible that I have already triggered the chain of events that ultimately leads to my death. ―Blurringallthelines, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	At debates they should just mute the mic of the candidate who's not supposed to be speaking ―Ink4FountainPens, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	At first everything was Cool, then we were all Sick. Things started to get Hot until mixtapes caught Fire. Now everything is Lit. ―Ctrl--Alt, May 2016
observations	sfw	At first, the Lochte story confirmed my negative stereotype of Brazil, but in truth it confirmed negative stereotypes of Americans ―[deleted], Aug 2016
observations	sfw	At his maximum speed, Usain Bolt legally cannot sprint through a school zone. ―Parker_Jay, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	At least Stephen Hawking can have a conversation with his dentist during a cleaning ―EastTexasAggie, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	At least three people won the Powerball, I belive that there should only be one winner. I say we put the three winners into a pit and make them fight until only survives, we can put it on PPV and call it PowerBrawl... ―elry09, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	At night I have all this motivation to get my life together and become a better person but then in the morning I'm just like "Nah" ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	At one point I was the youngest being in the entire universe and at another point will be the next being to die. ―MadLibz, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	At one point in history there was someone who was the first to shoot a human with a gun and kill them. They were literally the first person shooter. ―Djerrid, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	At one point in my life I shifted from using my weekdays to recover from my weekend to using my weekend to recover from my week. ―smileedude, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	At one point in my life, I was exactly pi years old. ―Sousaphoney, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	At one point in out lives we became self aware, but we were too young to understand the gravity of that event. ―WhatTheWhoAmI, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	At one time or another, you have ALL tried using the force only to disappoint yourself and confirm the fact you aren't a jedi. ―SchonaichC1, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	At some point in my life someone has probably seen me and thought "Well... at least I'm not that guy" ―breauxzzio, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	At some point in my life, I will unknowingly pose for the picture that will be used at my funeral ―ooppzzy, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	At some point in the future paralympics will be better than olympics due of biotechnology ―nyc_a, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	At some point in the future, when people show pictures of their ancestors, they won't be grainy sepia photographs, they will be HD selfies from their Facebook profiles ―Mango_Smasher, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	At some point, Reddit will be the next Yahoo or AOL, and only old people will use it. ―That_Sketchy_Guy, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	At the age of 28, my expected lifetime remaining is around 63%. When I see my phones battery at 63%, I feel like its almost dead. ―jayson88, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	At the end of each day, life should ask us whether we want to 'save changes'. ―Flighterbird, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	At the end of my life one of my legs will have walked further than the other but I will never know which one. ―canntstopmeow, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	At the store I can exchange legal tender for chicken tender ―mpnordland, May 2016
observations	sfw	At this point the phrase "beating a dead horse" should be replaced with "beating a dead gorilla" ―partint, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	At this point, the Grand Theft Auto games would be far more controversial if they let you play as a law enforcement officer ―anauthor, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Atheist say "Oh my God!" because they find the situation unbelievable. ―milkymaniac, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Attractiveness is the sole difference between being "dark and mysterious" or "that weird guy in the corner that doesn't talk much". ―ItsaMeMattio, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Auctioneers are proof white people can rap if they try hard enough. ―sleazedisease, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Authors probably don't even intend half of the symbolism and "deeper meaning" that you have to find in literature classes ―sherry497, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	AutoCorrect should have options such as "I intend to swear.", "I have a large lexicon." and "I regularly use technical words." ―BadgerOverlord, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Autocorrect probably thinks there's an epidemic of people who have trouble spelling "duck". ―acthrellis, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Automatic garage door openers should have carbon monoxide detectors to help prevent suicide. ―Monell, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Avogadro makes mole. Avocados make guacamole. ―blore40, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	BMW could save money by not installing turn indicators, and nobody would notice. ―Colors_By_Vest, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	BMW drivers have a bad reputation, but I get cut off by a Chevy pickup with a Marine Corps decal on the back at least once a day. ―Starzajo, May 2016
observations	sfw	Babies are just a parasitic STD that, after 9months of sucking on a woman's nutrients, grows strong enough to leave the womb and instead feed on your financial resources. ―scvannost, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Babies cry a lot because any little discomfort is literally the worst thing they ever felt in their life. ―Bpbegha, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Babies cry all the time because the worst thing that's ever happened to them, happens on a regular basis. ―darwinwasadopted, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Babies cry over little things, because everything bad that happens to them, is literally the worst thing that's ever happened. ―fukkmedaddy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Baby Boomers were the generation of rebellion yet cant handle that their children dont want to live the way they did. ―InsaneUpboat, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Baby names aren't actually baby names, they are just 'names'. ―S3w3ll, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Baby-boomers have become the people that they protested against in the 60s ―punkfiveo, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Babysitters are just teenagers who act like adults so adults can go out and act like teenagers. ―ChrisTaliaferro, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Babysitting is a way for teenagers to feel like adults while adults go out to feel like teenagers. ―ksnid3r, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Back to the future should be remade every 30 years, with the exact same plot except all the cultural references updated. That way every generating can reflect on what is was like and how we thought the future would be. ―johnnywings, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Bacon and eggs is a day's work for a chicken and a lifetime achievement for a pig. ―tazack, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Bacteria multiply by dividing. ―Oxidopamine, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Bagels are merely a vehicle to get cream cheese into my mouth ―BoogerFarb, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Bags of cat food should come with cat toys inside like cereal boxes for children. ―Golanthanatos, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Bags of pet food should come with a toy inside. ―dizzydaisy_, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Band aid packages should be engineered to be opened with one hand as in most cases you will only have one hand free ―5T0H3L1T, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Bank robbers probably find out how much money they have stolen by watching the TV instead of counting it all out. ―ShamWowTheGreat, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Banks should issue an "anti-PIN" for debit and credit cards that serves as a distress signal and signifies that the cardholder is under coercion. ―a_wandering_vagrant, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Barack Obama could be ejaculating right now ―honeypuppy, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Barack Obama's ama should have been titled "obAMA" ―Worldsbestchandelier, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Barn owls must have been stoked when the barn was finally invented. ―twilkezz, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Bars should have an area for designated drivers so all the sober people can hang out with each other ―coffee_cak3, May 2015
observations	sfw	Based off the amount of people who seem to actually use their turn signals when driving, it's a good thing that reverse lights turn on automatically. ―dumbbatman, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Based on genital structure men should really be the ones wearing skirts and women should be wearing pants. ―protnow, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Based on genital structure, skirts should really be worn by men and pants by women. ―Notmiefault, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Basically, all pets have Stockholm Syndrome. We keep them locked up until they love us. ―stevecrse, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Bathroom graffiti was the original 4chan. ―yazmattaz, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Bathrooms should play loud music so nervous pooers don't need to worry about being heard ―Jump-man1994, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Bathrooms that only have air dryers and no paper towels make me want to wash my hands less ―gavinagoodtim3, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Bathtubs are just reverse boats... ―[deleted], Apr 2013
observations	sfw	Batman is a 1 percenter beating up the mentally ill. ―delitomatoes, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Batman is a good name for a man who sees via echolocation, Daredevil is a great name for a billionaire vigilante ―vidoardes, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Batman only fights crime at night because otherwise he would have weird and obvious tan lines. ―Krutzfeldt1, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Batman still lives at home in his parents basement ―Dolanduck1, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Batman v Superman should have been 2 movies released at the same time, but from each perspective. ―Fauxe_Reality, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Batman's parents got killed when he was lil Wayne ―[deleted], Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Bats must be like angels to rats ―Suck-My-Crumpet, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Battlefield 1 should honor the Christmas Truce of World War I by disabling all weapons on Christmas day. ―leejoness, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Battleship is just a two person bingo. ―Torrgud, May 2016
observations	sfw	Be skeptical. Tomorrow will be April Fools Day, so you should be wary of news reports because many will be lies intended to trick you. You should also be wary of news reports on the other 364 days because many will be lies intended to trick you. ―butt_heads, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Bear Grylls should reboot Man Vs. Wild with one twist, Gordon Ramsay accompanies him and he cooks delicious food out of what Bear brings him. ―EndsUpOnDoctorWho, May 2014
observations	sfw	Bear Grylls should take the spoiled rich kids from MTV's My Super Sweet 16 to live in the wild and name the show "Grylls Scouts" ―muffhug, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Beatboxers must be really good at demonstrating the noise their car has been making when they bring it to a mechanic. ―take_me_with_youuu, May 2016
observations	sfw	Beavis and Butt-head are known for being 2 of the biggest imbeciles in society, but in reality they're 2 orphaned teenaged boys trying to finish high school while maintaining a full time job and paying all their bills/rent. ―nYc_dIEseL, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Because I have to bribe my dog to take her medication she probably thinks peanut butter has healing properties. ―s1ugg0, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Because I only take my dog to awesome places like the beach and the dog park, he must think that, every time I leave the house alone, I play by myself at the beach and the dog park. ―sciencehatesyou, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Because I'm dating the identical twin of one of my coworkers, I can't tell my friends at work how hot my date is without sexually harassing a colleague by extension. ―soulonefifteen, May 2015
observations	sfw	Because of One-child policy, uncles and aunts will soon be a rare thing in China. ―Gandiline, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Because of Tinder, it's easier for me to meet women on my toilet than at a bar. ―big_rusty, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Because of blinking, I've never seen the entirety of any film. ―SirRosstopher, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Because of incessant advertising, most American 10 year olds have heard of Erectile Dysfunction. ―xnoonex, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Because of inflation the five dollar milkshake from Pulp Fiction doesn't seem so expensive now. ―molloyda108, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Because of muscle memory, I think I would forget some passwords if I lost my hands. ―RubberSword, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Because of my cancer, any room I enter will then usually have an odd number of testicles present. ―DancesWithDownvotes, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Because of the internet, Ahmed Mohamed actually blew up. ―rawkus2g, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Because of the rapid pace of innovation, the first people to leave our planet to settle a distant solar system, might not be the first to arrive there ―mmcgrath, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Because of time zone differences, New Year's eve day is like people doing "the wave" on a global scale. ―le_reddit_armi, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Because telescopes work using mirrors, we will never know if space is full of space vampires. ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Because telescopes work using mirrors, we will never know if space is full of space vampires. ―booksandflowers, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Because telescopes work using mirrors, we'll never know if there are any space vampires. ―Champs27, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Because the platypus both lays eggs and produces milk, it is one of the few animals that can make its own custard. ―x32ssuck, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Because there's a period of my life I'm too young to remember, my older siblings have known me longer than I've known myself. ―Taigris, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Because they're loud and heavily-perfumed, Abercrombie &amp; Fitch stores are ideal spots for farting. ―comfortablydrei, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Because we have salt in our sweat, by sweating when we're afraid, we're really just seasoning ourselves for predators to eat. ―uneducatedonthetopic, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Becoming an adult feels like slowly being put into a managerial position you didn't really want ―JohannesP, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Becoming an adult is watching Home Alone and wondering how the parents afforded the house. ―TomTheJester, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Bed, Bath and Beyond would be a great name for a brothel ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Beds are chargers for humans ―Greenwindu, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Bedtime is so metal. I'm currently brushing the exposed bits of my skeleton so they don't get destroyed by tiny creatures in my sleep, then I'll turn off all the lights and lie in the silent dark for 8 hours. ―1tsNeverLupus, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Beef Jerky is essentially just a cow raisin ―NonTranquil, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Beef Jerky is like a meat raisin. ―Inita_Life, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Beef jerky is a meat raisin ―MinecraftIsMyLove, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Beef jerky is like a cow raisin ―coopaloop28, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Beef jerky is sort of like a cow raisin. ―Rrileyt, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Been playing D&amp;D since I was a kid and some adults were concerned I couldn't tell fantasy from reality. The same adults tried to get me into religion. ―nathanknaack, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Before I die, I should chug popcorn kernels before getting cremated ―ViperSRT3g, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Before I die, want to hire some people to come to my funeral dressed in suits and sunglasses and do some like bizarre salute when they leave so people think I lived like a cool second life. ―ChuggingALavalamp, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Before I was born, I was just a man trapped in a woman's body. ―rearwindows, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Before cameras, no-one had ever seen themselves with their eyes closed. ―Manakin, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Before the camera was invented, nobody had ever really seen what they looked like with their eyes closed. ―TheLordofLlamas, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Being "up for pizza," "down for pizza," or "in for pizza," all mean that you're "on board for pizza." ―manic_lethargy, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Being KO is pretty much the opposite of being OK. ―theonlyVi, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Being New to Reddit kinda feels like going to a party where everyone knows each other, and you're just standing outside the circle waiting to say something to make everyone laugh and be welcomed in. ―Chub_LIfeVA, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Being a Canadian is confusing at times because you sound like an American, write like a Brit and throw in just enough French words to freak everyone out. ―DudeWithAHighKD, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Being a professor at Hogwarts sounds highly prestigious until you realize you're still just a high school/middle school teacher ―A_Pit_of_Cats, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Being a reckless driver is bad, but being a wreckless driver is good. ―synonymous_with, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Being a redditor feels like being a time-traveller, All the famous posts that I've already seen weeks back are now showing up on my Facebook newsfeed. ―AtomicHomie, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Being a sexual partner of mine is a more exclusive club than being President of the United States. ―sch6808, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Being a teenager is the awkward stage where you like adults more than the kids, but the kids like you more than the adults do. ―African_AIDS, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Being a worm must be awesome. It's like "man, that dirt was great, I wish there was more." And there always is. ―cheese1102, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Being a worm must be awesome. It’s like “man, that dirt was great, I wish there was more.” And there always is. ―zanewom, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Being able to kill one bird with one stone doesn't get enough credit. ―MettaGangMember, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Being able to scratch my balls as thoroughly and as often as I wanted (in public) would be a seriously underrated perk of telekinesis. ―abdishaquor, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Being an adult is realizing that $5,000 is a lot of money to owe and very little money to own. ―Teal2289, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Being an adult now, in hindsight, I've realized "cool parents" are just bad parents. ―WaarisZ, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Being an introvert, I've had more thoughts about how I would have a conversation than actually having a conversation ―ultraflame, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Being an only child is third wheeling your parents for life. ―asiano, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Being attracted to women or men who wear glasses is the one fetish for the disabled that is socially acceptable ―MojarraMuncher, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Being awake is exhausting. ―tofuDragon, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Being bored on Reddit is basically saying that you can't even be entertained by the combined efforts of a billion people ―mordymoop, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Being born in 1994, there was never a span in my life in which it would have been creepy for me to be attracted to Emma Watson ―actually_crazy_irl, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Being born into your parent's religion is the first time you agree to terms and conditions without reading them. ―HorseCode, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Being born is a death sentence ―HanumanKingBar, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Being born is the first time I did something for the last time and dying will be the last time I do something for the first time ―Airborneiron, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Being born is the first time I did something for the last time and dying will be the last time I do something for the first time ―ramdhiraj, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Being born wealthy is like getting an RPG video game with a preexisting save file that has already beaten the game and has all the best armor and weapons. ―beardedrabbit, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Being completely naked feels less naked than being naked with shoes on. ―rcivie925, May 2016
observations	sfw	Being described as "The Last of My Name" is way cooler than "an only child" ―magnum226, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Being fat is a problem that you can literally run away from. ―Danielthegreat1, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Being forced to watch an ad in order to watch an ad for a movie is aggravatingly ironic. ―Heliodjent, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Being gilded by someone in /r/Frugal seems like it's more of an accomplishment than usual. ―Chambadon, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Being good because Santa Claus is coming to town is the opposite of being good for goodness' sake. ―banditthehorse, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Being healthy only means you are dying as slow as possible ―ValiantSerpant, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Being high in front of your parents, is like doing the best impression of yourself. ―Chinhoyi, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Being old means referring to 3AM as "really early" instead of "really late". ―Peterpasteeater, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Being on reddit means you're too weird for Facebook, but not weird enough for 4chan ―marikaga, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Being paid minimum wage is like playing life on hard. ―xX_420_Blz_iT_Xx, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Being polite is so rare these days that its often confused with flirting. ―mystic1_wizard, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Being pregnant is like saving up 9 months worth of periods for one massive cramp filled and bloody mega period that ends with a baby. ―Jelese111, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Being single and on the "Market", I am finding out that the market is flooded with defectives, recalls and safety concerns. ―salparadisimo, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Being the son of a small town gynecologist would be the worst. ―ASpellingAirror, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Being told over and over to "stay in school" is the only reason it ever occurred to me that I could choose not to stay in school. ―MellowMickSnowed, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Being trapped in a room of Helium would be a dark yet very comedic way to die. ―Ukajman, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Being ugly is cool, because then you know people like you for your personality ―CXV_, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Being underwater is a cruel joke. You can fly, but you can't breathe. ―rtfitzy13, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Being unique is so common that twins are interesting to us. ―imtoosly, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Belt loops are like belts for a belt. ―youonme, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Belt loops are like belts for your belt. ―TheDankyDank, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Belts are gross. They're the first thing we touch after using the toilet and nobody ever washes them. ―DoctorKynes, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Ben &amp; Jerry's should hire a mascot called Scoop Dogg to promote their new cannabis ice-cream ―Lincyat, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Ben and Jerry's should make an ice cream with chocolate dinosaur bones that you can dig up with your spoon ―MonkeyUranium, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Benedict Cumberbatch is the only man in history to play Sherlock Holmes who has a name sillier than "Sherlock Holmes" ―wrestles_bears, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Benjamin Button was born a baby sized old man, so it doesn't make sense he died as a regular baby. He should have been an old man sized baby. ―kdubs412, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Best thing about the Panama Papers scandal so far is that its name doesn't end in "gate". ―andudud, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Bethesda should have waited to announce Fallout 4's release until the day of. With the ad campaign of "You never know when a nuclear bomb might go off." ―fruedain, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Betty White has been an old lady for my entire life, and I am 33. ―goodgamble, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Between "South Park", "Rick and Morty", "Archer", etc., I watch more cartoons now than I did as a kid. ―JimHalpertWasABully, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Between pens and lighters, Bic is making a fortune off of people losing their products. ―portuguesesteel, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Between pens and lighters, Bic is making a fortune off of people losing their products.. ―jhoncat2, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Between the coffee and the cocaine, it looks like the mission of Colombia is to wake up the world. ―SubotaiKhan, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Big supermarkets should have baskets placed around the store for that moment when I realize I can't carry another thing and should have got a basket ―newversion2_0, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Bill Cosby being a gynecologist in The Cosby Show makes a whole lot of sense all of a sudden. ―irish1983, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Bill Gates and I have a combined fortune of around 80 billions of dollars. ―levraifix, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Bill Gates has about $6 for every year the universe has existed. ―IAmJimmyNeutron, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Bill Gates should change his name to Trill Gates if he becomes a trillionaire. ―MrMickouskey, May 2016
observations	sfw	Bill Nye's recent spike in popularity is due to the generation of kids who watched his videos in grade school coming to power. ―DildoEngineer, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Bill O'Reilly could replace Jon Stewart on the Daily show, saying the same stuff he says on Fox but with a laughter track ―vinvanda, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Bill gates buying a 1 million dollar house is equivalent to someone who makes $70,000 a year buying a 6 dollar item. ―maxg900, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Bing's top search is probably "google". ―PeeCanManzzer, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Binge watching a TV show for 8 hours is more socially acceptable then playing a videogame for 2 hours. ―Dreamlite, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Birth Certificates are just receipts for human beings. ―therap321, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Birth control pills should be for men, it makes more sense to unload the gun than to shoot at a bulletproof vest. ―eeeponthemove, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Birthday presents are rewards for not dying that year ―mynameisteenager, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Bisexual girls could alternatively be called "more-or-less-bians" ―zyklon, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	Black metal is probably the whitest genre of music on earth. ―Alaskan_bull_worm94, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Blaming Snowden for causing distrust in government is like blaming a fire alarm for starting a fire. ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Blankets don't make us warm, we make blankets warm. ―C-wizard, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Blind kids can stay up reading under the covers and their parents can't ever tell ―EditorialComplex, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Blind people could use a glue stick as a higlighter. ―thatjohnson, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Blind people don't turn the lights on at night, they just walk around in the dark. ―MantraMan, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Blind people dont need to buy light bulbs ―ASK_ME_IF_IM_A_DOOR, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Blink-182 is a bunch of guys in their 40's, singing to an audience in their 20's about being a teenager ―Zappastuski, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Blood I've donated in the past could be in someone's boner right now. ―mention, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Blood is thicker than water but maple syrup is thicker than blood so technically pancakes are more important than family. ―GnarlyBellyButton87, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Blue + yellow = green. Water + Sun = plants. ―St0rytime, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Blues singer Buddy Guy has the most Canadian-sounding name ever. ―WriterDave, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Bobby Flay should have a daughter and name her Sue. ―mr_william, May 2013
observations	sfw	Bodies are weird. I can run, jump, wakeboard, do cartwheels, play piano, and type 90 words per minute, but if I brush my teeth with the wrong hand it's like time slows down while my brain tries to process what the actual hell is going on ―TupperwareMagic, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Books have covers specifically so we can judge them. ―aRabidGerbil, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Books replaced tablets over a thousand years ago. ―portajohnjackoff, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Books should be numbered downward instead of upwards, so you would know how many pages were left. ―HenryTandey, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Booty call and butt dial use synonyms but mean completely different things ―sunshineandstuff, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Born too late to explore the world, born too early to explore the galaxy. ―XM990, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Both "k's" on the word "knock" are useless. ―the_russell_lives, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Both 10 AM and 12 AM come before 11 AM ―aaa937, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Botox could be considered a performance enhancing drug for poker players ―sactomkiii, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie getting divorced would be great marketing for a Mr. &amp; Mrs. Smith 2. ―Lootjoy, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Brad Pitt has fought all three World Wars. ―SSJ4MajinGogetenks, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Brains are to people what people are to cars ―Chase_N_cash, May 2014
observations	sfw	Brake lights should get brighter depending on how hard the person ahead of you is breaking. ―Arc9, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Breaking Bad could have aired in the year 2000. Walter White never once uses a computer, Jesse Pinkman uses a flip phone, and videos are shared between characters through DVDs. ―Inovox, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Breaking Bad was an epic PSA urging us to pay educators more. ―NervousSwagger, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Britain is the Leeroy Jenkins of Europe right now. ―mangoesfuckyeah, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Broth is like meat tea ―ipwndurmom69, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Browsing Netflix has become like opening the fridge for a snack: look through, leave, lower standards, go back, repeat until something looks good enough. ―LawlessBoar, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Browsing Reddit has made me so accustomed to instant gratification that I find myself annoyed when I click something that turns out to be YouTube link. ―MiscUnderstanding, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Browsing Reddit when bored is like the virtual version of checking the refrigerator ―Br1nker, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Browsing reddit is like a TV guide for what's coming up on the next few days on Facebook ―irish-sid, May 2015
observations	sfw	Bruce Banner is the only man who increases the size of his carbon footprint when he goes green. ―ColoredMarxers, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Bruce Wayne could do a lot more to fight crime in Gotham City by funding youth programs with his immense wealth instead of dressing up like a bat and dishing out vigilante justice. ―Seiferus, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Bruce Wayne's parents being murdered was the best thing that ever happened to Gotham ―KidMemphis_IV, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Bruce Willis needs to age a bit more so Old Habits Die Hard can be filmed. ―Sahasrara, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Bubbles underwater are the opposite of rain. ―BlackBox-, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Buck and doe are both terms for deer. Buck and dough are both terms for cash. ―smallpoint1, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Buffering is our generation's static ―HIGHcpu, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Bullets are one of a few things that only do their job AFTER they're fired. ―LANA_WHAT_DangerZone, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Bullets are the only things that do their job only after they are fired. ―Flatline_hun, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Bumper cars is a terrible way to introduce driving to kids ―guitarium, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Bungee jumping is all the thrills of suicide, but none of the commitment ―lostinspam, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Bunkbeds are essentially shelves for people ―JubeJube1, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Burger King employees should be called Burger Knights. ―UndeadShawn, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Burglars must hate baby-proofed houses. Trying to rummage through drawers and cabinets? Can't get them opened more than an inch. Television bolted to the wall. Trying to sneak stealthily from room to room? Goddamn baby gates. ―otterhilarity, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Bushing your teeth is the only time you clean your skeleton ―Brinner, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Butt dial and booty call are so similar, but so different ―SSSFMaster, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Butterfinger should host a bowl game, and invite the two teams that had the most fumbles during the regular season. ―cptncivil, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Buttplugs are reverse pacifiers. ―tawksick, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Buy 1 pizza and feed yourself for a day, but buy two pizzas and feed yourself for a day. ―xDAYMANx, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Buying a new computer online is like making your current one dig its own grave. ―OneThatsUnknown, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Buying a wallet is like trading your books for a shelf. ―titaniumgroceries, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Buying an airline ticket is like paying shipping and handling for yourself. ―abyssalheaven, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Buying hardcover copies of new books should come with a digital eBook code the way buying Blu-rays comes with a digital download. ―Chirrut, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Buying someone reddit gold is like walking around in a store with your buddies and giving the manager $4 when your friend says something particularly funny or insightful. ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Buzz Aldrin's dad once shot a load that made its way to the moon. ―Unabomber_was_right, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Buzzfeed employees have the perfect job: they get paid to browse Reddit all day ―theChapinator, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Buzzfeed must be having a hard time finding new content since Reddit is currently overtaken with 'fat' posts. ―IAMA-Dragoness-AMA, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Buzzfeed will make an article on Asian people wearing English words within the week ―Diedeck, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	By going out in public, you're trusting hundreds or thousands of people to not kill you ―PeachHarvest, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	By illegally downloading music, I'm actually encouraging my favorite artists to go on tour. ―tenderloinman, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	By killing spiders you see near you, you are allowing only the sneaky spiders to breed, creating an evolved species of super sneaky spiders that you won't see coming for you. ―TheMattBox, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	By slapping mosquitoes, we are weeding out the slow, weak ones that we can hit so that the faster ones can breed ―Articulating, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	By the end of this century people will start looking up their ancestors on Facebook. ―Bumpercloud, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	By the end of this century, people will start looking up their ancestors on Facebook ―Narksdog, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	By the time artificial intelligence will know how to pass the Turing Test, it will also know how to fail it. ―mrtouchyfeely, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	By typing "HEY, YOUR FOOD IS READY" here, there's a good chance I just helped someone out. ―A-D-A-M_, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	By writing this sentence, I have become a small part of your world ―Iheart2, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	CNN used to blame video games for mass shootings. Now we blame CNN for reporting on the shooters. ―Oh_Fuck_Naw, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	CPR is the human equivalent of punching/slamming/hitting a machine until it starts working again ―kikat314, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	CPR is the human version of blowing in a videogame cartridge and hoping it'll work again. ―godblow, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Caffeine is the only drug I'm addicted to, but my nation's drug policy tries to convince me that my occasional use of marijuana and LSD are the real problem. ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Cake is just gay bread. ―Anton_Lemieux, Feb 2013
observations	sfw	California should be banned from posting to this subreddit until the drought is over. ―leonitis, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Californians don't dress like 1840s gold miners. Virginians don't wear powdered wigs like their ancestors. Floridians don't dress like Conquistadors. So why do Texans dress like cowboys? ―KubrickIsMyCopilot, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Call of Duty games will continue to progress through history until the point at which we're basically playing Halo ―SlightPaddling, May 2016
observations	sfw	Call of Duty releases a marginally similar game each year and is reviled. Pokemon releases the exact same game every time, which you need to buy 2 of to get all the pokemon, and is universally beloved. ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	sfw	Calling an infant 'tender and mild' makes it sound like a chicken wing. ―Broodles, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Calling yourself a hacker for executing a DDoS is like calling yourself a lock picker because you blew up a door with dynamite. ―MWMstudioz, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Camouflage is essentially America's Away colors. ―clifwith1f, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Camping is fun as long as it's optional. ―yawningdogge, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Can Chewbacca even say Chewbacca? Shouldn't his name be something like Rawwwraaraar? ―noreferencesleft, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Can orphans watch PG films? ―IrnBruManiac, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Can the Pope bless all the water in the world or does he have an effective blessing range to make it Holy Water? ―swaggermint, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Can vampires read, or do all the lowercase t's make it impossible? ―CriticalRibbon, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Can we all just take a moment to appreciate that Google is free ―doubleaxel1951, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Can we crowdfund Mike Tyson to win Martin Shkreli "one punch in the face" auction? ―J33p3r5, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Can we start calling Walruses: Saber Tooth Seals? ―HillaryBot9000, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Can't a Knight in dirty armor be just as, if not more, heroic than a Knight in shining armor? In fact, a Knight in shining armor probably didn't do much fighting and is probably a coward anyways. ―nicko786, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Canada and the US should just combine their independence days into one four-day binge drinking, fireworks, and bbq bonanza. ―chemsagem, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Canada is 50% the letter A ―wobr-J, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Canada is 50% the letter A, but it is abbreviated CND ―TheGreatGav, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Canadians are extremely polite because they are trying to make up for Canadian geese being such dicks ―Cast1736, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Canadians are so polite because they fill their geese with hatred, spite, and malice. ―PM_ME_UR_GREY_POUPON, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Candlelit dinners weren't so special before the light bulb was invented. ―JayAche, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Candy corn is made from high fructose corn syrup. Probably the most accurate use of corn syrup. ―SmugSceptic, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Cannibalism could potentially solve both world hunger and overpopulation. ―SubsNotDubs, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Cannibalism holds the potential to solve both hunger and overpopulation problems. ―Hatiius, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Cannibalism would fix hunger problems and overpopulation at the same time ―ImP1nheadLarry, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Cannibals actually are what they eat ―Underdog_hero9, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Captain America teaches children that steroids make you more attractive and better at fighting evil ―Skweres88, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Captain America would probably be unintentionally sexist and racist, due to attitudes when he was frozen ―Aardvark_Man, May 2014
observations	sfw	Car brake lights should get brighter the harder the driver is using the brakes ―mwright0654, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Car companies should periodically produce replicas of iconic cars with EXACTLY the same exterior design specifications but modern internal engineering and instruments. ―Mwpetes, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Car headlights should flash at the same time the horn is pressed to alert people with hearing difficulties. ―PugSmuggler, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Car horns should all be tuned to one diatonic scale so that during traffic jams it would make an amazing improvised concert of horns instead of the usual cacophony. ―Quitforchange, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Car horns should only be allowed to be in pitches C, E, and G, so whenever two people honk at the same time it will be in harmony and traffic jams will sound like symphonies. ―bringbackseymour, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Carrot juice is technically also orange juice ―marlinsfanert, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Cars can drive themselves, phones are voice activated, and I can pay for groceries with my phone-- but elevators still don't have a "cancel" button. ―tylerwcdurden, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Cars should come with a friendly horn and an angry horn. ―the_worstusername, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Cars should have "sorry" lights you can activate when you do something stupid. ―dawbles, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Cars should have a light on either side to indicate to other drivers which way you plan to turn. ―oneultralamewhiteboy, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Cars should have two horns: One is a "nice" one, the other is a "mean" one. ―DDYLK, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Cars with automatic braking would suck in a zombie apocalypse ―Betreatis, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Cartoons made me think dog catchers were super common, but now I'm pretty sure they don't even exist ―jflem99, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Cartoons with no dialogue like Tom and Jerry require no cultural or language translation for children anywhere in the world ―skippyjason, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Cash Cab should have a version where they pick up drunks from the bar at 2 am ―Redditusedtobedecent, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Cashcab would be so much better if they picked up drunk contestants trying to go home. ―notwithoutmypenis, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Casinos should play monopoly with actual money ―Billobatch, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Catcalling a woman is about as effective as calling a cat ―zxgf, May 2016
observations	sfw	Caterpillars have mastered beauty sleep ―[deleted], Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Cats are the type of animal that, if they could, they would correct your grammar. ―ChiefBigwilly, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Cats dominate the internet, rather than dogs, because dog-people have to go out more often. ―CaesarS-a-lad, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Cats probably think we are cleaning our ice cream ―CUnitingTheWorld, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Cats were the first animal to dominate the internet because everyone with dogs were outside playing with them ―StarburstGirl, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Ceiling fans are really just helicopters who gave up on their dreams and opted for an office job... ―wowdavers, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Celebrities can check each others' relationship status with Wikipedia rather than Facebook. ―SakuraSan, May 2015
observations	sfw	Celebrities should adopt pets from shelters and then offload them onto normal people who would take them because they were previously owned by a celebrity. ―tones2013, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Celebrities should hire paparazzi to harass paparazzi and publish it all in their own faux celebrity gossip magazine. ―brettworth, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Cell phones should have an extra 'End Call' button that sounds like a handset being slammed down into the telephone cradle so the person on the other end of the line knows it is SO OVER. ―Mi_Ofelia, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Cellphones should have 2 passwords for unlock, one which would be for you and unrestricted.. the other would be for you parents/friends that wouldn't show awkward applications/photos ―flipmosquad, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Cemeteries would be way more interesting if they put the cause of death on the headstone ―Drakqula, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Centaurs have two rib cages ―thetoethumb, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Centaurs have two rib cages. ―brancakes, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Certain women won't date a guy who lives with his mom, but will date a guy who lives with his wife. ―KrullTheWarriorKing, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Chanting "ONE MORE SONG" at the end of a band's set is nice. Doing it in the middle of their set is mean. ―fugaziozbourne, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Characters in the Star Wars universe are completely unaware of the amazing soundtrack that accompanies the most important moments in their lives. ―thomasbomm, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Charles Manson was able to get married while in prison. I can't even find dates for Friday nights. ―PM_ME_UR_PYJAMAS, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Charles Xavier has hundreds of students over decades and decades, but none can heal his spine ―JJwalz88, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Charlie Sheen having AIDS is like hearing Snoop Dogg failed a drug test. ―telephototulip, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is basically Saw, but with desserts. ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Checking the "remember my password" box on a website unchecks the "remember my password" box in my head. ―stylistic_, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Checking your phone when someone else checks their phone is the "yawn" of this generation. ―emazz, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Chemotherapy will be one of those medical practices we look back on in a hundred years and feel sorry that we didn't know better. ―Nasallynarwhal, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Chewed up mashed potatoes are still just mashed potatoes. ―emn234, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Chief Wiggum and his wife look very similar. If they were siblings, that would explain a lot about Ralph Wiggum. ―hankmarkdukis, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Childbirth is literally an emergency. ―PaintedCeiling, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Childhood memories are a bit like being drunk. You don't remember all of it, and you cringe at some of the stuff you do remember. ―forksmith, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Children are a very expensive reminder of that one time you got laid. ―therapistclown, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Children are constantly warned not to take candy from strangers except for one day of the year when they are encouraged to take candy from as many strangers as possible in an elaborate ritualized and costumed ceremony. ―maxpowerer, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Children are dicks by default. That's why they get compliments when they behave themselves. ―i_want_my_sister, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Children are like guns: I think I'd like to have one of my own but I don't like when others have theirs out around me in public. ―FunkyMonk12, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Children cry over every little thing because anything bad that happens is literally the worst thing that's ever happened to them. Growing up is having increasingly worse experiences until the little tragedies become the everyday. ―Trieclipse, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Children of gay couples probably shouldn't gift a #1 Dad mug on Father's Day ―ReauCoCo, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Children of hipsters may choose to dress normally to rebel against their parents. ―mustash_cash_stash, May 2015
observations	sfw	Children swear all the time. Adults swear all the time. However, mix these two groups, and suddenly everyone pretends swearing is awful and they would never ever do such thing. ―Itanagon, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	China built a wall and now they have almost no Mexicans. ―Minnasote, May 2016
observations	sfw	China has a billion people in it. One-in-a-million things happen one thousand times a day. ―tlery, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Chinese alphabet soup must be crazy. ―Sathranath, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Chinese tourists travel abroad and buy souvenirs made in China. ―Porcelaindahl, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Chipotle doesn't use chipotle as an ingredient in anything on its menu ―ArbitrageurD, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Chipotle should offer free guac as a way to pay America back for their e-coli scare. ―twistsg1, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Chris Rock should have introduced Charlize Theron as "The first African presenter of the night" to wrap up his Oscar monologue. ―69Centhalfandhalf, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Christian Bale has played two wealthy people who represented the best and the worst, and their names were only 1 letter different: Batman and Bateman. ―trashed_culture, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Christian Grey is just Quagmire with money. ―SOS_Music, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Christians preach abstinence as a 100% effective form of birth control when it didn't even work for Mary... ―Bootsnpots, May 2016
observations	sfw	Chrome should have a feature that allows you to mute a tab by clicking the speaker icon it displays ―Wyofire, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Chuck E Cheese is a casino for children ―jamiegandolf, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Chuck Norris' death is going to be the most annoying day on Facebook ever ―Tuggin_MaGoiter, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Church is just a big book club. ―caba1990, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Church is the worst book club I have ever been to. ―dvieu, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Churches are like bookclubs that only ever discuss one book. ―leilalei, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Cinderella costumes should be breakaways you can pull off at midnight to reveal her tattered normal clothes. ―NectarineOverPeach, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Cinderella must have a hard time shopping for shoes if literally no one else in the kingdom had her size ―WhosTheRealRobot, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Cinemas should have audio jacks on chairs so you can drown out annoying people with your own headphones. ―hoboharty, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Cinnamon is really just delicious sawdust. ―FondSteam39, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Clapping is just hitting yourself because you like something ―blueboybob, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Clark Kent would have a lot of explaining to do if he pushed a "Pull" door. ―Picturesonback, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Classes should have a final test in the first week and if you pass it you pass the class but if you fail you have to take it normally ―tappi22, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Click-bait has trained me to fight my natural curiosity. ―TheLongFinger, May 2016
observations	sfw	Clickbait writers should be sentenced to read an entire novel, spread out such that each sentence is on a separate page, located underneath a picture of a celebrity. ―Swibblestein, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Clint Eastwood is a anagram for "Old west action" ―Para_Noia, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Closing your eyes after turning off your alarm is a very dangerous game. ―Shore20, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Clowns might do better than a well camouflaged person in a dangerous wilderness survival situation because the local carnivores would assume they are poisonous. ―The2500, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Cocktail has basically the same meaning as Dickbutt. ―roastbeefandcheddar, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Coconuts are just hard-core water balloons. ―Pirate_Tuna, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Coffee cake is named because it is eaten with coffee. By this logic, French fries should be called "burger sticks." ―Ovitz, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Coffee chains are socially acceptable drug dealers. ―dumbconsumer, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Coffee shops are a calm environment that serve coffee, a stimulant, and bars are an energetic environment that serve alcohol, a depressant. ―Left2Rest, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Coffee should have a "caffeine by volume" rating like alcohol so I can choose how wired I really want to be when I buy coffee ―JakesShitpostReviews, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Coffee should have a caffeine percentage indicator just like alcohol percentage in beer, wine, etc. ―pikus_gracilens, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Coffins are just fancy trash cans for people ―vndrewcharles, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Coitus and Fellatio sound like a pair of Shakespeare characters. ―q_m, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Coke should partner with Bethesda to make Nuka cola a real product to build hype for fallout 4. ―Dert_, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Cold war reenactments are a lot easier All you have to do is sit around and look worried about Russia. ―flabbytoad, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Colgate had a 5 million dollar commercial to tell me to turn my faucet off to save water for the needy. When that 5 million could buy 74,671,445 bottles of water and they could tell me how to brush my teeth on their box. ―McWitt, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Collectors are probably way more interested in the original than the "collector's edition" ―Monkeytherat, May 2016
observations	sfw	College is just the most expensive book club. ―MarcRanucc, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Colored salt would make it a lot easier to tell how much you're putting on food. ―bebob10, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Comcast should post a /r/TIFU for throttling Netflix that directly led to them being reclassified as a utility. ―jimngo, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Comedy Central should do an "Every South Park Ever" marathon and call it, "The Simpsons Did It" marathon. ―owl-x, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Comedy Central should have a 2nd channel showing stand-up comedians 24/7. ―BobGenghisKhan84, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Coming from a big family, I don't know what is more sad - That one of us will have to go to seven funerals, or that one of us won't have to go to any. ―GhostOfPluto, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Commitment is opening an ice cream container and throwing out the lid ―sawer707, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Companies like Coke and Visa will immediately cut ties with celebrities who cheat on their wives or say something hateful, but they're hesitant when it comes to not sponsoring slave labor conditions in Qatar ahead of the World Cup. ―dgorv, May 2015
observations	sfw	Companies like Netflix need packages made for hotels, they would make a lot of money, and people who don't have Netflix will have a chance to try it out when they travel. ―Devonic96, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Companies should hire viners to make 6 second long ads on youtube. ―zenco25, May 2016
observations	sfw	Companies should make more interesting 5 second adverts as I'm going to skip them on Youtube anyway. ―DarthLordi, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Computer labs should flicker its lights every now and then, to remind students to save their work. ―EetzRusheen, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Computers freeze when they get too hot. ―cyberchief, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Computers should allow an alternative password that unlocks your computer but also closes all open windows. ―TheAbjectLol, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Con Air is a movie about John Malkovich hijacking John Cusack's plane. Being John Malkovich is a movie about John Cusack hijacking John Malkovich's brain. ―MY_HARD_BOILED_EGGS, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Condom compagnies should make a starter pack were they would put one of each size to help people pick the best condom for them. ―Poohtatoe, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Condoms are for pussies. ―CervixProbe, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Condoms are one of the most environmentally friendly things invented by man. A single one has the potential to eliminate the carbon emissions of an entire human over the course of their lifetime. ―zoomer296, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Condoms should come packed with a wet-nap. ―MycoChemist, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Confidence is throwing away the Ben &amp; Jerrys pint topper before you've taken the first bite. ―Addor777, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Congrats /r/Showerthoughts, you're the Subreddit of the Day! ―[deleted], Jun 2013
observations	sfw	Congress should be paid minimum wage. ―MyfanwyTiffany, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Considering Plankton was able to create his wife Karen, who seems to have all the artificial intelligence of IBM'S Watson, he could have had a pretty promising career in computer science, yet he chose to manage a fast food restaurant. ―r_il, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Considering how big the universe is, there are probably space battles going on somewhere right now. ―Gojirex, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Considering how there's no traces of humans in the film, the Lion King could be set in any era. It could be the bronze age, 21st century or a cyborg future where humanity has gone extinct. ―actually_crazy_irl, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Considering our anatomy, it makes more sense if males wore skirts and females wore pants. ―mizo155, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Considering owls are nocturnal, wouldn't it be sufficient just to say someone is an "owl" instead of a "night owl"? ―Regularoldballoon, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Considering that dogs pee to mark territory, they probably think humans are constantly battling over who gets to claim the toilet. ―daddidnteditit, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Considering the 1000's of times I've done it, I still don't know were to put my arms when I go to sleep ―meurl, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Considering the smallest dollar note is $1, and the smallest euro note is €5, european strippers (should) earn significantly more money. ―Adamstorm64, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Cops are like spiders. They prevent bad things, but no one wants them around. People are scared of them. Most mind their business and do their job - but the few which are threatening terrify us. ―PM_ME_OR_PM_ME, May 2016
observations	sfw	Cops pulling you over for speeding is like the adult version of teachers telling you not to run in the hallways. ―VaguelyHonest, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Copy and Paste is arguably one of the greatest inventions in the history of the world. ―-doughboy, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Copy and Paste is arguably one of the greatest inventions in the history of the world. ―igetreallybored, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Could we put Nicotine in toothpaste to make brushing teeth addictive? ―StrawberryCheese, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Couples who don't have children because they don't want to contribute to overpopulation are the ones that ought to have children. ―tenwordstoomuch, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Covers are designed to represent the book; if you can't judge a book by its cover, it's a poorly designed cover. ―__z__z__, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Cowboys that ride off into the sunset quickly run out of daylight and have to camp just outside of town. Probably should've just stayed put for the night instead of being all dramatic. ―throwpillo, May 2015
observations	sfw	Cows born in India basically won the life lottery ―Kambohdia, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Cracking my knuckles is an ability that has a cool down time ―ch3wbacc4, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Cracking my knuckles is an ability that has a cooldown. ―Dangleton, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Crazy people are going to blame the next American natural disaster on God's punishment for Marriage Equality. ―DictatorDan, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Cross dressing could be really popular in Muslim countries that use the burka, and nobody would ever even know. ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Crossfit is like the opposite of fight club ―F_is_for_ferns83, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Crucifixion is actually a very ironic death for a carpenter. ―ReluctantRedditor275, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Cup holders are just cups for cups. ―BusinessCasual-, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Cups are only designed for use within a strong gravitational field. ―ShamusTheClown, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Cutting a corner off a piece of paper increases the number of corners it has. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Cutting off one of your legs decreases your BMI, but when you cut off the other one it shoots way up again ―Terrific_Soporific, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Cyber Monday is the perfect day to unsubscribe from all unwanted marketing emails because you'll be emailed by every single one of them. ―messinwitcha12, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Cyclopes can't watch movies in 3D ―jketeli, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	CzechsMix would be a great domain name for a Czechoslovakian dating website. ―[deleted], Feb 2014
observations	sfw	D.A.R.E. led me to believe that there would be drug dealers on every corner offering me free samples to get me hooked. They must have confused drug dealers with Costco on Sunday. ―HankSc0rp10, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	D.A.R.E. was the most important class I had in elementary school because it explained how adults were perfectly comfortable lying to me ―CouthDecay, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	DNA is like the menu at Taco Bell, an endless recombining of 4 ingredients to achieve a new result. ―ThinkTankTurret, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Daddy Long Legs is a really pimp name for a spider ―20WaysToEatASandwich, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Dads who tell "dad jokes" are actually funny people who had to censor their humor for a younger audience. ―royaljohnson, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Dane Cook is the Nickelback of stand-up comedians. ―copperbl, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Daniel Radcliff needs to play a Bond villain at one point in his career ―malgoya, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Daredevil and Batman should switch names. One is a blind guy that fights crime using echo location and the other is a rich guy that fights crime with crazy stunts and high tech gadgets. ―chrysoprasis, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Daredevil is a blind superhero whose superpower is that he can see. ―080087, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Daredevil's super senses means he's constantly hearing and smelling every possible fart around him. In a city that densely populated he must live in a constant cloud of flatulence. ―AvocadosAtLaw, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Darth Vader could fall asleep in Imperial meetings and nobody would notice. ―followmylied, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Dating a girl as tall as you helps correct your body and neck posture. ―masterconjuror, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Dating a girl is like working in customer service: What do you need? How can I help? Tell me your problem. Customer is always right. ―pchrishatfield, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Dating in your 30s and 40s is like, "I wonder what this person's tragedy is" ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Dating in your mid 20's: Finding a girl with no kids is as hard as finding a guy that doesn't live with his parents. ―dunchooby, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Dating is just a series of interviews to become a partner at a two-person company whose only mission is sustaining mutual happiness. ―tMoneyMoney, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Dating is putting on fancy clothes so hopefully you can take them off later. ―Twiliggle, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Dating profiles should include preferred ambient temperature. ―chris45215, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Dating sites should use Drivers License photos, so people will have lower expectations from the start. ―Loudsilences, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	David Bowie died, and a week later we have a new planet. I think he actually was from outer space. ―StrictlyForTheBirds, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Deadpool is pretty much a comedy movie, with action-relief. ―Wee_littlegaffer, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Deadpool should "leak" the movie but have it like it is being recorded in a theatre with Deadpool in the middle of the camera watching the movie but covering the action and saying absurd things making it hard to see or hear the movie ―GameManiac180, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Deadpool should have leaked a fake version of the film where it's just Deadpool playing with action figures reenacting the entire film. ―TheMightyBreeze, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Deaf hipsters are the ultimate hipsters because they're into things even they haven't heard about. ―pepsi502, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Deaf people will never understand why we all love Morgan Freeman so much. ―HawX1492, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Death is your last first experience. ―ashman_cometh, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Death only exists from a 3rd person perspective. ―mildbuzz, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Death would be much more terrifying if it was actually possible to live forever ―TimeForPoolParty, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Debit cards are the reason I haven't found money on the ground in a really long time. ―steppenfloyd, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Deciding not to buy lottery tickets is like winning a small lottery in itself. It just pays out discretely over a lifetime. ―fiaeorri, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Deciding to date your best friend is like betting double or nothing ―dumpsterofdildos, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Defibrillators are the medical version of "Have you tried turning it off and on again?" ―Peter_Zwegat, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Deleting a comment should only delete your name from the comment ―TylerTJ930, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Dementors in Harry Potter never fed on Ron Weasley because he's a ginger. ―genno334, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Demetri Martin's stand up routine has to be the best collection of shower thoughts ever assembled. ―psgamemaster, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Dentists make money when people get cavities, if 9/10 dentists recommend a certain toothbrush/toothpaste, shouldn't we be more suspicious? ―KingJames1414, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Deodorant companies should stop advertising "last 48 hrs". Some people do believe that and then they get on a crowded bus. ―salomont, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Depending on how you look at it, half of 8 could be 4, 3, or 0. ―TankArtist, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Depression is like being in a stale and abusive relationship with yourself, and wanting to break up. ―nevernukewinter, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Depression is like being in an emotionally abusive relationship with your brain ―KnowledgeIsDangerous, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Depression is like when your mind and heart stop loving each other but still eat at the same dinner table together ―khansnow225, May 2015
observations	sfw	Describing something as "military grade" often makes it sound better unless it's food ―draimus, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Design companies should hire a few 14 year olds to point out any accidental penises in their designs. ―psychopathic_rhino, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Despite Fido being a "typical" name for a dog, I have never actually met or heard of a dog named Fido. ―vallence, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Despite being an "island", Antarctica has no south coast. Only one big North coast. ―Itanagon, May 2015
observations	sfw	Despite everything DARE taught me, not once was I ever offered drugs at school. ―timeless-clock, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Deviled Eggs seem like an inappropriate food for Easter. ―flipsideCREATIONS, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Diabetes is one disease where a sugar pill isn't a placebo ―souravski, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Diabetes sounds like the name of a mythological Greek hero. ―clockrunner, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Dickbutt is a synonym for cocktail ―largesttuna, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Dickbutt is another term for cocktail ―CharismaticStallion5, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Did Trix cereal really change shape to circles, or are they still shaped like fruit and I can't see them anymore because Trix are for kids? ―I-said-boo-urns, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Did anyone remember to wake up Green Day? ―kevinerror, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	Did paper planes exist before real ones? What were they called? ―lunaroyster, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Did the voice in my head age with me, or have my thoughts always sounded like this? ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Did they ever find out if it was Maybelline? ―origiins, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Dildo factories probably don't have "Take Your Daughter to Work Day." ―Desecr8or, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Dinosaurs never seem to have sexual organs in books and museums. This is clearly why they went extinct. ―czwblitz, May 2014
observations	sfw	Dippin Dots has been the ice cream of the future for over 28 years. ―The_Shiva92, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Dipping Dots started out as "The Ice Cream of the Future" and gradually became the nostalgic ice cram of my childhood ―alcohol_and_irony, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Dishware and flatware should be sold in sets so your spoon matches the curvature of the bowls for maximum scoopability. ―PBR_Sheetz, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Dishwasher racks are perfectly designed to hold certain sized dishes and cups I've never owned in my lifetime. ―mrglubglub, May 2016
observations	sfw	Disney Land is the greatest human trap a mouse has ever made. ―MasterChefRamsey, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Disney has been instrumental in extending copyright laws, but most of their most famous movies are adaptations of folktales passed down from many generations ―ssandrigon, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Disney has really given millions of young girls an unrealistic picture of how men should be. ―Ah_You_So_Stupid, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Disney/Pixar movies about animals always increase sales of those breeds. They should research the most difficult breeds for shelters to re-home and make a movie about them. ―Hyro0o0, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Django Unchained is about a dentist fighting candy ―Majestic_Beast, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Django the bounty hunter killed Samuel L Jackson, but in an alternate universe Samuel L Jackson killed Jango the bounty hunter. ―KingShultzIsMyWaifu, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Do Christians seriously believe that, when he returns, it will please Jesus when he's instantly confronted with millions of crosses? ―Seamus122, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Do I exist only because one of my ancestors was raped? ―KeoneShyGuy, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Do Koreans think that Lil Jon, Lil Wayne, Lil Kim, and Lil Bow wow are siblings? ―Grizmeer, May 2013
observations	sfw	Do Zubats think they're really strong because everyone runs away from them? ―Shadowviper12, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Do caterpillars know they will be butterfly's or do they just build the cocoon and wake up like woah what happened? ―Golfguy5801, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Do crabs think WE walk sideways? ―Biobak_, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Do crabs think we walk sideways? ―Icame2dropbombs, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Do dogs have a "list" of their favorite people? Where do I rank on the lists of the dogs that know me? ―StankyMung, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	Do hipsters go on Amazon and sort clothing by least to most popular? ―Adeang, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Do people sneeze on purpose around the pope with hopes of getting blessed by him? ―whipstache, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Do the people inside mascot costumes also smile when they have their photos taken? ―pdmsmembrane, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Do the people who pose in those stock photos in frames just buy those frames and put them around their houses like "Here's the time I posed for a stock picture!" ―Misterpeople25, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Do twins even realize one of them was unplanned ―MrTuxedoMan, May 2016
observations	sfw	Do twins ever realize that one of them was unplanned. ―HearMeRoar92, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Do we call Macaroni and Cheese "Mac" because it is an abbreviation or because it is an acronym? ―TicklishPotato, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Do you ever see a stranger in a random place and think "this is probably the only time I will ever see this person in my lifetime" and feel sad? ―patientlistener431, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Do you remember the Shower thought that said that your future self is watching you right now through memories? If you do, it just came true. ―i_have_no_time, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Do you think Mohammed also appears on grilled cheese sandwiches but nobody recognizes him? ―polyethylene_oxide, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Do you think Santa regrets giving all those naughty kids coal now that global warming is threatening his home? ―mickyninaj, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Do you think it's company policy at Microsoft to say "I binged it" instead of "I googled it"? ―zebabw, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Do you think there are more spoons than people? ―stratis303, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Doctor Who, a TV Show, is older than Singapore, a developed first world country. ―PureSmoulder, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Does Ke$ha go by K€sha in Europe ―Gingerhobbit6, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Does Medusa have pubes, and if so, are they snakes too? ―GruntingButtNugget, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Does a Centaur suck milk from horse nipples or human ones? ―1337_IT, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Does a prostitute say "it's been business doing pleasure with you"? ―meetmeintheuniverse, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	Does an inside-out bag contain the universe? ―BigGuyUpstairs, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Does anybody else randomly zones out while reading, coming up realizing you don’t know what happened in the last two paragraphs? ―dumbostrich, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Does anyone else feel like they are just barely smart enough to not be completely ignorant of how crazy our society is, but too stupid to do anything about it? ―MoorDakka, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Does anyone else find it ironic that Harriet Tubman, a former slave, is going to be memorialized on a piece of cotton? ―BigMikeCassel, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Does anyone else walk into a building and think, 'this place is defensible in a zombie apocalypse'? ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Does anyone know what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh, or are we all just taking their word for it and telling others? ―quan_Tik, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Does having a pokéstop within swiping distance of my living room increase my house's value? ―greg136, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Does medusa have pubes and if do, are they Also snakes? ―Bernard_PT, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Does my doctor have his own doctor? If so, can't I just ask his doctor who HIS doctor is and so on until I follow the chain to the world's ultimate doctor? ―XOLegato, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Does my dog realize he's gone deaf or does he just think everyone has stopped talking to him. ―tetraheezl, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Does my dog think i'm a hypocrite because I poo in the house? ―skywisefahr, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Does the hole in the middle of a doughnut still exist after you've eaten it? ―MeMuzzta, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Does the square block in Tetris really turns when you click the button? ―redhotchiliguy, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Doesn't matter if you speak or use sign language- you'll develop a stutter when you get cold. ―TexasIsCool, May 2016
observations	sfw	Dog food can say it's any flavor it wants, it's not like you're going to test it. ―alexjrfire88, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Dog food could say it's any flavor it wants, you're not going to test it. ―M153RY, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Dog heaven and squirrel hell are the same place. ―txcowmobeeler, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Dog toys are only brightly colored so they're attractive to humans in the store. ―BenDrinkingCoffee, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Dogecar spelled backwards is Racegod. ―Mrbasfish, May 2014
observations	sfw	Dogs are great because they could rip you apart and eat you but they don't, because they want belly rubs instead. ―waflhat, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Dogs are just hostages with severe stockholm syndrome ―[deleted], Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Dogs are proof that you can buy friends ―Adrian_Maurud, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Dogs get taller when they sit down. ―ron_manager, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Dogs have no idea that Whales exist. ―RamThe3rd, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Dogs lick us because we have bones inside. ―Undust4able, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Dogs must think no humans love them because no one will lick them back. ―timberwolvesguy, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Dogs probably destroy shoes because they see humans put them on before they leave the house. ―MrCSquared, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Dogs probably destroy shoes because they see humans put them on before they leave the house. ―Superstinkyfart, May 2016
observations	sfw	Dogs understand more words in our language than we do in theirs. ―Brown_Nose_Bear, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Dogs would feel so betrayed if they ever learned the majority of our short trips out are to go eat without them. ―Joshua_Holdiman, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Dollar bills don't have dollar signs on them. ―IamBOXBOY, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Dolphins are so smart, that once captured, train humans to stand at the edge of the pool and feed them fish ―captainobvious254, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Don't be ashamed of who you are, that's your parents' job. ―illestprodigy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Don't get mad if you parents ask "simple tech questions" because they taught you how to use a spoon. ―Thechangingboy, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Don't know where your kids are in the house? Turn off the internet and they'll show up quickly. ―Maimad1987, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Donald Trump doesn't actually want to be president. He just wants to get more airtime where people listen to his opinions. ―zjbird, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Door to door salespeople are just real life popup ads. ―ICanSeeYourPixels0_0, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Door-to-door salesmen were the original pop-up ad. ―Trustworthy12, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Doors are just really short tunnels. ―mindblowingherbs, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Dopamine and serotonin are technically the only two things you enjoy. ―Kylehoooks, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Dora calls herself an "explorer," but travels exclusively through mapped territories ―ChefBoyarE, May 2015
observations	sfw	Downvotes should move a post up in /r/dadjokes. ―eucalypocalypse, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Dr Seuss would have had a hell of a time trying to write his stories with autocorrect ―JustAlexander, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Dr. Drake Ramoray might be the most well known character from Days of Our Lives, and has never appeared on the show ―Jblumhorst, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Dr. Pepper might be a woman and you should be ashamed that you've never considered that until this very moment. ―Basser151, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Dragons can't blow out candles ―[deleted], Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Dragons would think its cool that we create water in our mouths ―oatsoup, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Dragons would think its cool that we create water in our mouths. ―trance_lovers, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Drake is Canadian, and when he says goes 0-100 real quick, he is probably referring to KPH, which equates to 0-62 MPH real quick. ―MyNameIsMerc, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Drawers should be called pens and pens should be called drawers ―sindustrial777, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Dreams would be much more fun if they were multi-player servers that other sleeping people could join. ―JJTjames, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Dribbling a ball is passing to your future self ―LaborDaze, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Drier sheets are the bay leaves of laundry ―AJNoel, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Drinking 8 glasses of water each day seems to be a monumental task; yet drinking 8 beers and several shots in a few hours goes down like a fat kid on a seesaw ―darthtate, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Drinking alcohol makes you think you're much more interesting than you are. Smoking marijuana makes you think everything else is much more interesting than it is. ―donwgately, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Drinking water from a coffee mug is incredibly dissatisfying. ―Dascancer, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Drinking water through a straw is the opposite of snorkeling. ―DavidMcl, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Drinks without alcohol are called 'virgin' because they never have anything hard in them ―GodlikeMadman, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Driver's Ed should include a section where you're pulled over and learn how to handle interacting with a cop. ―siquemind4513, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Driverless cars will be awesome, but not until everyone is using them. The in-between stage will be Road Rage Against the Machine. ―cabridges, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Driverless cars would allow an extra person to call shotgun ―frobalt, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Driving tests should include jumping a car, changing a tire, and checking basic fluids. ―noocar, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Dropped the soap and just kicked the bar up the side of the tub like a half-pipe and caught it in my hand. Coolest thing I've ever done that nobody will ever fully believe. ―mrfluff_n_snuff, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Drug-resistant bacteria are like that hero in action movies who witnessed his entire family get murdered before his eyes and now has grown up, become extremely deadly, and now want revenge against us. ―yepyep1yepyep, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Drugs are like cheat codes for real life, they make the game more fun for a little while, but stop you from getting achievements. ―letsgetblitzed, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Dubai is just a rich mans game of Minecraft. ―Liars_Club_Founder, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Duck Dynasty is essentially Keeping Up with the Kardashians for rednecks ―nightspirit322, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Duck-Billed Platypuses lay eggs and lactate making them one of the very few animals who can make their own custard. ―cowboysted, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Ducks are the ultimate animals. They can walk, swim, dive and fly. ―Alfaron, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Due to full body armour and so many castles, the medieval era would have been the best time to survive a zombie outbreak ―Calmer_after_karma, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Due to inflation, future viewers of *Pulp Fiction* will think a 5 dollar milkshake is a cheap milkshake. ―goodmancharliebrown, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Due to the evolution of bacteria with respect to our bodies natural defense mechanisms, traveling forward in time could kill you, and traveling back in time could kill everyone. ―ickee, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Dumbledore should really do background checks before hiring new professors. ―Zenguard, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Dungeon keys in Zelda work on any door but can only be used once. That is the exact opposite of how a key is supposed to work. ―QuincyAzrael, May 2016
observations	sfw	During December Reddit should be able to purchase coal instead of gold for comments they truly hate. ―RumHam88, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	During a full moon, we only see half the moon. ―Xerc0, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	During a zombie apocalypse there would be a group of "zombie rights activists " who would protest the killing of zombies because they used to be people. ―guildedlotus, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	During childhood, we are told that jokes about the genital areas are adult content, but once we become adults, these jokes are considered "childish". ―youraverageiranian, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	During leap years we should take the extra day and move it from February 29th to December 32nd. Then we can make a big holiday out of it and have a combined Leap Day/New Years extravaganza every 4 years. ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	During the day you can see only one Sun. At night, you can see over two thousand Suns. ―HIGHsonburg, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	During world war 2, Germany had the extended arm, the US had the victory sign, and Russia the uplifted fist. — All together just an escalated game of rock-paper-scissors. ―DaBrombaer, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson should host a cooking show where contestants have to guess what he's cooking by smell alone. ―ULTRA_Lenin, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson should make a cookbook so we can finally smell what he's been cooking. ―wobblee, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Dying of old age is basically saying death by survival. ―stupidcasey, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	EA should change their slogan from, it's in the game, to its in the DLC ―Jahkle, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	EAT becomes FAT is you don't draw a line. ―boazg, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	ESPN should have a segment sponsored by Digiorno about players that didn't deliver ―djwright935, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Each subreddit should have a dial I can turn up or down, depending how much content I want on my front page from that subreddit. ―bobz72, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Each theater in a cineplex should have it's own bathroom next to it with screens inside playing the same movie you're watching so you don't have to miss anything if you have to pee. ―TheRealKillYourself, May 2015
observations	sfw	Early humans must've flipped the hell out when they saw the moon turn red, then disappear. ―tsloan92, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Earphones should have an 'in ear' sensor so your phone can pause the music when you take them off and play it again when you put them on ―javyscap, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Earth could just be the North Korea of the galaxy and we'd have no idea either way ―verious_, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Earth is like a guy who knows exactly where to stand next to a bonfire. ―Bovice144, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Earth is the third planet from the sun, so all of our problems are technically third world problems. ―canihaveausername, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Eating a lollipop is just swallowing your flavored spit ―IgnUnbeknownst, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Eating a potato is pretty Irish, but so is not eating a potato. ―jcmack13, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Eating a spoonful of frosting on its own is considered disgusting and unhealthy, but putting it on top of something else unhealthy first is normal. ―EffectiveExistence, May 2016
observations	sfw	Eating grilled cheese with tomato soup is just a sneaky way of eating pizza ―toOsOUpy, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Eating is killing animals and absorbing their power. ―Danisnotonavan, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Eating something and saying its "tasty" is equivalent to listening to music and saying its "soundy". ―regokey, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Eating while taking a poo is kind of like those stacking point pencils from the 90s. ―ZKROD, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Educating a child is like getting them caught up on a TV show that's been running for 14 billion years. ―PrettyMuchHollow, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Eggs have such a good balance of nutrients because they literally contain all of the ingredients for a small animal. ―saltr, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Either the universe had a beginning, or it didn't. Either possibility is a mindfuck ―BeefPieSoup, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Elastigirl of the Incredibles had to fake child birth pains so they wouldn't know she was a superhero ―it_was_a_catch, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Elevator doors are the only time it's considered reasonable to halt the progress of large machinery by sticking your limbs into its moving parts. ―BallsAndAHalf, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Elizabeth has to be the most versatile Western name. You can go by Elle, Ellie, Liz, Lizzie, Liza, Lisa, Libby, Beth, Betty, or Betsy. ―well-lighted, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Ellen should give away more stuff like Oprah and rename her show Ellen de Generous ―Axegrinder100, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Ellen should give away more stuff like Oprah and rename her show Ellen de Generous ―small_town_moon, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	Elon Musk should come out with a self-titled Cologne. ―NDoilworker, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Elves work for free, aren't considered human, and are only 3/5ths the size of a normal person. Santa owns slaves. ―RobustUnicorn, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Eminem always worried about his daughter not fitting in because of his explicit rapping. A clean-rapping father didn't seem to help Jaden Smith fit in at all ―MrRykler, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Eminem should have been really impressed with Stan's rapping ―Revolver25, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Eminem should make a line of sunglasses and call them Slim Shadys ―semanc, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Eminem should make a sequel to 8 mile depicting his struggle with fame and drug use and rise, fall, and return in popularity. ―carcar134134, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Energy drinks and caffeine are basically just stamina potions ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	England have managed to exit the Euro twice in one week. ―bungeeman, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Enrique Iglesias and Eric Church have basically the same name just in a different language. ―the_caitallo, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Entering "99" on my microwave cooks my food for 39 seconds longer than when I enter "100" ―Chronogos, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Erect has a hard c, while flaccid has a soft c. ―mikesok988, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Erectile dysfunction is a growing problem. ―[deleted], Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Europeans may have introduced Smallpox and decimated Native Americans, but Native Americans introduced Europeans to tobacco, killing many more over the subsequent 500 years. Well played, Natives. ―BastardofStark, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Even Popeye didn't eat spinach until he had to. ―_____gate, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Even a good harmonica player sucks half of the time. ―TmickyD, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Even after midnight, I don't usually consider it to be the next day until I fall asleep and wake up again. ―SneakyDino, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Even as an atheist, when I hear "he/she is in a better place" I still find myself agreeing. ―Ismellyourlightsaber, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Even if an ad is about a product I'm interested in, I'll still google the product instead of clicking on the ad because I don't trust them. ―MrShlash, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Even if you are not successful in life, you are guaranteed to get two certificates. ―BookerGinger, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Even if you don't believe in Santa, odds are your gifts were made by tiny people in an unpaid, dangerous environment. ―lmMrMeeseeksLookAtMe, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Even if you managed to legitimately catch a ghost on camera, it's so easy to fake that nobody would ever believe you. ―DaeronTheHandsome, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Even immortals don't know what it's like to live forever ―James64bit, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Even on your worst day, you've still stopped as many terrorists as the TSA. ―DivineJustice, May 2016
observations	sfw	Even though "up" and "down" are opposites, the phrases "I'm up for it" and "I'm down for it" mean the same thing ―Jcmagiccow, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Even when Reddit's servers are down, I can procrastinate my homework by refreshing the page to see if its up yet. ―icrispyKing, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Eventually once all phones are waterproof we'll be able to push people into pools again ―whiteandy94, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Eventually someone will die in a self-driving car and it will keep going to its destination ―phillips000, May 2015
observations	sfw	Ever consider how weird emojis are? As a civilization, we've spent thousands of years refining the craft of the written word, then one day someone's like: you know what we really need? Hieroglyphs. ―solounhombre, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Ever notice that "strap on" spelled backwards reads "no parts"? ―rotll, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Ever noticed how supervillains are always trying to change things and superheroes always try to resist the change? ―ComplexExponential, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Ever since I got adblock all the single horny women have lost interest. ―AzRyider, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Ever wonder how many strangers have thought you were attractive in passing ―kevincrown1, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Every "How it's made" video should be archived in the event of an apocalypse. ―purple_mercury, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Every A in Australia is pronounced differently. ―atzyrus, May 2015
observations	sfw	Every Facebook memory is a reminder of how dumb I was a few years ago ―EverydayRamblin, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Every Jurassic Park film I am disappointed the Universal Logo isn't an ancient version of the earth's continents. ―LazerAttack4242, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Every Olympic Event Should include one Average Person Competing for Reference. ―MightBeDementia, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Every Olympic event should have an 'average Joe' participate in order to provide context. ―jayflashgordon, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Every Saturday I grudgingly mow my lawn. To me, mowing the lawn is a chore. To the ants, grass and other wildlife that have made a home on my property, I am a destroyer of worlds, wielding a terrifying death machine. ―ahem17, May 2016
observations	sfw	Every Shoe is Buy One Get One Free ―RealJacktheJack, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Every ad is an ad for Adblock. ―gordanfryman, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Every bag of chips is Family Size if you're an orphan. ―TheLeviathan82, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Every bee alive is completely innocent; they have never stung anyone. ―Mijeman, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Every bullet that has been fired has missed me. ―Damagon, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Every bullet that's been fired has missed me. ―pushbak, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Every car should have a button for a half volume horn so I can beep at daydreamers at the lights without sounding angry. ―HippySol, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Every celebrity that says "Follow your dreams" just has confirmation bias. ―devilmaydance, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Every cell in my body knows how to replicate DNA yet i'm not in on it so i have to spend hours studying it. ―loveyouAmerica, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Every country has an Independence Day except Britain because they were the ones everybody was seeking independence from ―kobyok, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Every current football player for Atlanta was born after 1980. This makes them the Millennial Falcons. ―[deleted], Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Every day is 'Bring your kid to work day' if you're pregnant. ―the_moon_is_shining, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Every day this week is a palindrome. (6-13-16 through 6-19-16) ―Serialnarcisist, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Every doctor is a veterinarian specialized for only one animal ―tylaquin, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Every ginger in America has Trey Parker and Matt Stone to thank for being accused of having no soul at least once in their lives ―shea_the_great, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Every gym should have a Beginner's Room, so out-of-shape people can work out without feeling like they're being judged. ―Whoopsht, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Every home has a smell that you can't smell when it's your home ―paulalinchen, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Every hot girl I've ever had a crush on has probably at some point had violent diarrhoea ―PlumsNThings, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Every hotel refrigerator should at least fit a pizza box. ―SLy_McGillicudy, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Every human who has ever lived has seen the same Sun and Moon. ―[deleted], Aug 2013
observations	sfw	Every insect I've ever killed just lost its Final Boss Battle... ―nickspeerience, May 2016
observations	sfw	Every material is bulletproof if you have enough of it. ―CatsGoBark, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Every morning I wake up and catch my brain closing some really weird open tabs. But when I check the history, my brain's been on incognito mode all night. ―smileedude, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Every morning, you grow one day closer to eating your next plate of nachos. ―Altre_, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Every movie based on a true story is part of a shared cinematic universe. ―Enceladeans, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Every now and then I suddenly realize that other people's lives are just as complex as my own, and that they have no clue what happens in my head, just as I have no idea what happens in theirs. It's like looking at the stars and suddenly feeling very small. ―J_Bowen, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Every paper towel commercial reminds me that the cleanest solution is to just not have children. ―itemforty, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Every person alive today has an ancestor that lived through every moment of human existence. ―Rick0r, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Every person sees the world in a unique way. When someone dies it is, in a way, the death of an entire world. ―lateralus141, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Every picture I take is a "before meth" picture ―Sundevil13, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Every post on /r/OSHA should be tagged NSFW ―Guardian_Ainsel, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Every post on Reddit is NSFW because I'm not supposed to use Reddit at my work ―Jim-The-Fish, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Every problem that takes place on earth is a "third world problem" since earth is the third planet from the sun. ―wcrbarker, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Every public bathroom toilet should have a foot pedal to flush instead of a handle. ―Xx-Arseus-xX, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Every single decision you have ever taken has led to you reading this sentence. ―drDOOM_is_in, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Every single person on earth has a hidden talent they probably dont even know theyve got because their life hasnt led them down a path where theyve found out the could do it ―KnuckleSandwich23, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Every single year, someone shows up an hour late for work when we set the clocks ahead an hour but I have never seen anyone show up an hour early to work when we move them back in the fall. ―swiggertime, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Every so often I say "Computer, end simulation" out loud. Just in case. ―MusicAndLyricsByFink, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Every sperm whale was once whale sperm. ―luckymotherduck, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Every survey is skewed towards people willing to participate in surveys. ―CapitalistMarxist, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Every time Albert Einstein jerked it, he had a stroke of genius. ―alpha_helix_87, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Every time I browse /personalfinance, I end up reading posts by people half my age complaining about making twice as much as I do. ―42words, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Every time I check my pockets for my wallet, keys, and phone, I do 25% of the macarena. ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Every time I don't play the lottery I win a dollar. ―witehare, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Every time I feel unexpected pain, I wonder if my descendants got hit so hard that their ancestors could feel it. ―Ichthasen, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Every time I get a notification that I got a message on reddit, my first thought is, "Alright, what did I say to make someone angry this time" ―INeededACoolerName, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Every time I have to chase a ping-pong ball, I feel like a 3 year-old. I'm convinced there is no cool way to chase a ping-pong ball. ―Good4Josh2, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Every time I hear a car alarm go off, I think "someone accidentally pushed the alarm button" instead of "someone's car is getting broken into" ―tetonfloater, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Every time I hear someone talk to their dog in a foreign language, my first thought is always, "That dog can't understand you, lady." ―grouch1980, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Every time I hear the 20th Century Fox fanfare, I'm slightly diappointed if I'm not about to watch Star Wars. ―pricehatesyou, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Every time I pop bubble wrap, I'm releasing imprisoned Chinese factory air that otherwise had a life sentence for just being in the wrong place at the wrong time. ―Grammajew, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Every time I put on my seat belt while driving, I am basically wearing a 2 ton, turbocharged, speed suit that helps me accelerate to 60 mph in under 6 seconds. ―SwitchBlade430, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Every time I read the acronym ROFL, I can't help but imagine Scooby Doo trying to say waffle. ―ViewedAskew, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Every time I see a Marvel movie, I wonder if this will be the bad one. Every time I see a DC movie, I wonder if this will be the good one. ―Mark239, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Every time I see a NSFW tag, it hurts cause I am jobless. ―oracham, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Every time I see a woman with a newborn child, I realize she's been laid more recently than I have. ―heisgroot, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Every time I shave, the longest beard I could possibly grow becomes shorter. ―uucc, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Every time I think of the black market, I actually imagine a market, with little stalls selling illegal things like nuclear weapons and organs. ―nest-ce-pas, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Every time I watch a mountain climbing documentary, all I can think is how the true star is the cameraman. ―e-JackOlantern, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Every time Wolverine retracts his claws after a kill, he's pulling bloodborne pathogens directly into his body. If it weren't for his mutant healing, he'd have full-blown AIDS by now. ―kellenbrent, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Every time a celebrity dies, someone goes through their Wikipedia article and change all of the 'is' phrases to 'was'. ―percussionartisan, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Every time a celebrity dies, there's somebody racing to Wikipedia to edit "is" to "was" on their page. ―gordie44, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Every time a character dies on a TV show I just feel bad for the actor who pretty much just got fired in front of us. ―Doctor_Colossus, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Every time a wind farm powers my desk fan, I'm just teleporting wind. ―frighteninginthedark, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Every time my mother scrolls through facebook, she often stops scrolling to say something like "Wow" or "Unbelieveable" and expects someone to be interested. She is real life clickbait. ―Foofsies, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Every time my wife shows me something on facebook before I see it on reddit I feel like all of you have failed me. ―OnlyHereForTheDust, May 2016
observations	sfw	Every time one of my relatives (mostly Grandma) try to convince me to have kids, they're literally rooting for me to come inside a girl. ―Dick_FitzweII, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Every time someone says "ten years ago" I think of the mid-nineties instead of 2006 ―SaitamaMasterRace, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Every time the Bayer family took Aspirin, they got a taste of their own medicine. ―Indestructavincible, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Every time you agree to date someone, statistically they then become the person most likely to kill you. ―parislovestory, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Every time you clog a toilet you've exceeded someone's expectations ―Bourbon_hero, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Every time you cut a corner you make two more. ―Malikza, May 2016
observations	sfw	Every time you drink water, you reset a timer that is counting down the seconds until you die of dehydration. ―ShawnX232, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Every time you feel thirsty or hungry, it's your body letting you know that you're beginning to die ―meetmeintheuniverse, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	Every time you get dressed remember that, if you die, that's your ghost outfit forever. ―secret-clouds, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Every time you have McDonald's as a kid, it's a victory. Every time you have McDonald's as an adult, it's a defeat. ―db7894, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Every time you paint a room it gets smaller. ―Datroof-87, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Every time you paint a room, it becomes smaller. Every time you paint an object, it becomes larger. ―Gergs, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Every time you paint a room, it gets slightly smaller. ―SupermanKnits, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Every time you paint a room, it gets very fractionally smaller. ―Noosepeg9000, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Every time you pick up a coin, you're being paid to clean up after the person that dropped it ―jmnzg, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Every time you pull someone out of a car to steal it in videogames, that person wasn't wearing a seatbelt. ―Salizmo, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Every time you receive an up vote, a real person has liked what you said. Even 20 up votes is a lot of people to liked it. ―nusclothing, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Every time you smell a flower, you are sniffing it's genitals ―poopscratch, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Every time you upvote someone, you are making their day better, at the cost of nothing. ―andrew688k, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Every time you've beaten a computer at chess it's because it let you win. ―Dr_Octomom, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Every time you've rushed to try and to catch a flight, there's been two strangers sitting in your row hoping you don't make it. ―HBombthrow, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Every upvote you've ever gotten was given to you by someone with a life as complex and full as yours who liked your comment. ―Klaviatur, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Every winter, pitchers from Major League Baseball should get together and have a snowball fight. ―kingbrian3, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Every word is literally a made-up word. ―Marvelerful, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Every year, reddit should take that year's top 12 submissions from /r/earthporn and turn them into a calendar, and sell it on the reddit marketplace. ―-rabid-, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Every year, we unknowingly pass the anniversary of our future death. ―bossevan, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	Everybody is actually just a naked person in disguise. ―cottonheadedninnymug, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Everybody knows about the Secret Service. ―brookshanes, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Everybody says the idea of a unicorn is ridiculous, but Narwhals are more ridiculous and they exist. ―Glorious_Bacon_Ninja, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Everyday, Someone On Earth Unknowingly Does The Loudest Fart In The World For That Day ―MrMagicMan123, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Everyday, my daughter's school bus driver gives us a treat for the dog. To the dog, we sell Ava everyday for one dog treat. ―agliberman, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Everyday, someone on Earth unknowingly does the biggest poo in the world for that day. ―swallowing_panda, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Everyone actually has 3 voices, the one in your head, the one you hear when you talk and the one that everyone else hears instead. ―stillegal, May 2014
observations	sfw	Everyone at the Grammys looks like the people from district one in the hunger games. ―itoodrinkzeecognac, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Everyone can speak telepathically, but no one knows how to listen ―Veritoss43, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Everyone dies within six months of their birthday... ―CurvyGyrl, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Everyone gets three random wishes granted in his or her lifetime, but almost all of them are wasted on things like "I wish this light would turn green, already!" or "I wish it would stop raining." ―ghoti00, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Everyone hates performance enhancing drugs, yet everyone loves Captain America. ―ChiSoxSider, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Everyone in my family has sucked on my mom's breasts ―mht24, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Everyone is hiding their naked body from us. Our goal is to find someone and convince them stop. ―jagstax, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Everyone is praising Boyhood for letting us see a child grow up on screen, but at the same time they're ignoring the fact that Harry Potter did it first, with an entire cast of children. ―Lizard_The_Redstoner, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Everyone knowing the joke "Netflix and Chill", is making it extremely difficult for me to Netflix and chill. ―IDrewTheDuckBlue, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Everyone on Reddit is a straight 20-something male pseudo-intellectual gamer who's kinda into fitness, until proven otherwise ―ienjoyapples, May 2016
observations	sfw	Everyone on reddit has the same voice as me. ―ryno8933, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Everyone pointing out for years that Leo hasn't won an Oscar was more of a recognition of his talent than the actual Oscar. ―mortyshaw, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Everyone posting on Facebook about how much data Pokémon Go collects seems to have forgotten that they're posting on Facebook. ―CurGeorge8, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Everyone says dating someone because of their personality and not their looks is a good thing but telling someone you're only dating them because of their personality and not their looks is a really bad thing to say ―d2dan, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Everyone tells teenagers that they don't know what love is. But everyone wants to feel like a teenager when they fall in love. ―kylar505, May 2015
observations	sfw	Everyone that you see in the grocery store is buying ingredients for poop. ―KCG0005, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Everyone who I've heard say "don't tell me how to raise my child" was not doing a good job at it. ―IWannaBeNumberT, May 2016
observations	sfw	Everyone who knows what TIL stands for once had a day when their TIL was what TIL means. ―Mufasa_sucasa, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Everyone who said, "long live the queen" didn't think it would actually work this well. ―The_Regal_Noble, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Everyone who thinks they're the Jim Halpert of their office is usually the Andy Bernard. ―ChewieDefense, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Everyone would drive much better if money collected from traffic citations was given out randomly to people driving responsibly. ―glfreestone, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Everyone you know sees you as a side character in their own life story ―iXelandro, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Everything i have ever lost, is somewhere ―Mandarinaman, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Everything in the universe is either a banana or not a banana ―KyreNo, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Everything is a boomerang if you throw it straight up. ―LuckyLuke90, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Everything is or isn't ice cream. ―Salizmo, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Everything man-made that exists was once just an idea. ―[deleted], Aug 2013
observations	sfw	Everything on earth is either a banana or not a banana. ―Jackpot09, May 2016
observations	sfw	Everything we eat is processed sunshine. ―GaslightProphet, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Everytime I kill a spider, I am improving their genetic genepool by getting rid of the weak ones, thus innocently creating the ultimate spider. ―rushn006, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Everytime someone in a movie has to draw blood they always cut the palm of their hand. Surely this is the least convenient place to have a deep cut. ―GemEdessa, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Evolution is making us taller, skinnier, with bigger eyes. Kinda alien looking. Maybe we'll invent time travel and come back in neat little UFOs. ―JacksCologne, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Evolution-wise, going out in space might be similar to getting out of the ocean. ―eneomaos, May 2015
observations	sfw	Ex-Girlfriends should be called Near Mrs. ―JoelMB98, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Explain as a 5 year old would be way more entertaing than ELI5 ―having2ndthots, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Eyeglasses' job is to screw up a perfect stream of input in just the right way so your messed up eyes see it as perfect. ―phalangion, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	FBI director says citizens filming the police makes them, 'feel like they're under siege'... The tv show COPS is on its 28th Season... ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Facebook Go would just be hanging out with your friends in real life. ―FallingIntoSarchasms, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Facebook buying reddit would make a great April fools joke. ―alexmilde, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Facebook game requests are the Jehovah's Witnesses of the Internet. ―Protoncube, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Facebook has become so boring that people have nothing to do but simply re-share old memories. ―wotton, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Facebook has made me realize that if could read people's minds, I would probably kill myself. ―mtme3, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Facebook has to be the greenest app because 99% of it is recycled content. ―beakerx82, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Facebook is a Pokedex for humans. ―MBPyro, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Facebook is a Pokedex for people. ―[deleted], Aug 2013
observations	sfw	Facebook is just a Pokédex for people. ―Wallach96, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Facebook is like Reddit's friend from school that steals all their jokes and gets a bigger laugh even though they told them wrong. ―Advertise_this, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Facebook is like the tiny town you grew up in and always wanted to escape, while Reddit is like NYC and it's noisy and you're anonymous. ―lafeedingue, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Facebook is the refrigerator of the internet. I keep going back to it expecting something to appear that I'll enjoy. ―LLment, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Facebook is the refrigerator of the internet; you know there's nothing good in it, but you keep going back to check ―b00bsRc00L, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Facebook is ubiquitous, but has a reputation for low-quality content. It's become the Walmart of social media. ―RoninK, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Facebook is where you lie to your friends. Reddit is where you're honest with strangers. ―TheGnuGuy, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Facebook isn't a list of my friends. It's a list of people I used to know. ―idigqui, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Facebook makes you hate everyone you already know. Reddit makes you like people you'll never meet. ―Milnah23, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Facebook needs a verified untrue button. When enough people click it, the viral photo or story with completely false information vanishes. ―Po1sonator, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Facebook needs an 'agree' and/or 'support' button, so I don't have to 'like' that you're having a tough struggle with cancer. ―labracadabradorr, May 2015
observations	sfw	Facebook really needs an 'Are You Sure' confirmation screen before you can accidentally like someone's photos that are over a year old. ―Karmadontpaytherent, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Facebook shares are just the new "Fw: Fw: fw: Fw: Fw:" of stupid images and jokes ―xixi2, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Facebook should add a feature called "breakup" so it can immediately remove all traces or even slight connections to your ex. ―dodeleek88, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Facebook should charge users $4.99 to block all the Ice Bucket Challenge post from your timeline, and donate all that money to ALS research. ―blizzardwizard88, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Facebook should have a 'Degrees of Seperation' button on non-friends pages. ―Bonya, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Facebook should have a «I am into you» button, with the other person finding out only if she also clicked on «I am into you» for you too. ―Antoine76, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Facebook's list of "suggested friends" is quite literally a list of people I've been avoiding my entire life. ―526564646974_, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Facebook's list of "suggested friends" is quite literally a list of people I've been avoiding my entire life. ―eaglesforlife, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Facial recognition software can pick a face out of a crowd of people, but the vending machine at my work can't recognize a dollar with a bent corner ―smashley951, May 2016
observations	sfw	Fake living rooms at IKEA should also have a couple in them trying to assemble IKEA furniture and fighting. ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Faking using the restroom in order to waste time is a very literal form of stalling. ―BlueOysterCowbell, May 2015
observations	sfw	Falling asleep is the best example of "fake it till you make it". ―felixtre, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Falling asleep on the couch and waking up with a blanket is one of the best feelings...unless you live alone ―webman504, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Falling asleep with the TV on is the adult version of being read a bed time story. ―LITERALLY_LMAO, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Fallout 4 should have a Catmeat companion that doesn't follow any commands and occasionally sits in front of terminals while you're trying to use them. ―WhatInSe7enHells, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Fallout's 'S.P.E.C.I.A.L' system probably doesn't make much sense if you play the game in any language other than English. ―Samba_21, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Family Guy is 90% Seth MacFarlane talking to himself ―greengrasser11, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Family Guy is mostly Seth Macfarlane talking to himself. ―Rhinojo, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Family Guy seems to be 90% Seth McFarlane talking to himself ―Loveisjusta, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Family guy should have hidden a bunch of different kids that looked like Quagmire in each episode. ―m12123, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Farts are ghosts of your food ―[deleted], Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Farts are like children. I'm proud of mine and disgusted by yours. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Fast food restaurants should make drinks that you purchase at the drive-thru cheaper because you can't get refills. ―SakunaM, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Fat people are most likely to be selected when playing spin the bottle ―logit, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Fat people have more skin than skinny people. Shouldn't 'skinny' be a term used to describe fat people? ―joustah, May 2014
observations	sfw	Fat people have more skin, so aren't they actually *more* skinny than thin people? ―FluffDaddy69, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Fat people have more skin, so aren't they actually more skinny than thin people? ―bluerabbit10, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Fat people may actually be able to run away from their problems. ―Iplaymeinreallife, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Father's Day is really Motherfucker's Day ―RobotsonRockets, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Father's day is a celebration of motherfuckers. ―coppergone, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Fathers day should be nine months before mothers day. ―[deleted], May 2014
observations	sfw	Fe-male would be a synonym of Iron Man ―[deleted], Sep 2013
observations	sfw	FedEx and UPS drivers are the closest things we have to an actual Santa Claus, and Amazon is essentially the north pole. ―chAcebot, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	FedEx should hire DMX for a series of commercials. He could sing X-Gon' Give it to Ya while he's delivering packages door to door. ―NsRhea, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Feeling numb is an oxymoron ―mostlyidiot, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Females are the most advanced 3d printers ever ―flappy_cows, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Females is much more fun to say if you pronounce it like tamales ―NiceLasers, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Fevers are just your body's way of trying to kill the disease with fire ―itsthatkidgreg, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Few things are as comforting as seeing your exact issue pop up in Google autocomplete ―Filly14, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Few things in life are more irritating than making an awesome joke (quip, witty remark), having no one hear it but one person - who laughs, repeats the joke, and for some reason everyone hears THEM so they get full credit for your joke. ―Kande1328, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Fewer people have stood in my shower than have been in space. ―Sinnic, May 2013
observations	sfw	Fifa 16 should let you use real-money to bribe officials in online matches for a more realistic experience. ―[deleted], Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Fifteen year olds on summer vacation are probably the least stressed they will be until they're retired. ―fizzlefootie, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Fifty Shades of Grey would make a great title to a movie about a dog trying to read a map of the United States ―thepakman47, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Fight Club and Crossfit's rules are exactly opposite ―theprophet84, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Figuratively, if someone is "killing it," "slaying it," or "murdering it" then they are doing a great job. But if they are "butchering it" they are doing a horrible job. These phrases have opposite connotations in real life. ―makes_the_sandwich, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Finally figured out what makes Clickbait titles so effective. ―Longrodrington, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Finding Bigfoot has been on the air for 5 years. It should be called Not Finding Bigfoot. ―nuggsgalore, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Finding a worm in an apple has not proven to be as common of an occurrence as I thought it would be as a child. ―Buusakasaka, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Finding the real "Download" button is like Indiana Jones picking the real Holy Grail. Just have to look for the least conspicuous one. ―scribbles33, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Finding your horse dead is both a first and third world problem ―Iamnotdaredevil, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Fingerless gloves are now perfectly sensible for Pokémon trainers to wear. ―MongoMango110, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Finn was the first stormtrooper to find the droid he was looking for ―Birdsongman, May 2016
observations	sfw	Fire trucks are actually water trucks. ―me_suds, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Fireplace is probably the laziest name for any object ever. ―TheSlyGuy1, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	First person video games don't blink. ―walktherails, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	First we put watches in phones so that we don't need to look at our watch, now we put our phones in watches so that we don't need to look at our phones. ―esean_keni, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Fish jerky is the ultimate insult to fish. First you take the fish out of the water, then you take the water out of the fish. ―ReckoningGotham, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	Fish that are caught and released probably sound like insane conspiracy theorists to the other fish. ―rburp, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Fish who are caught and released are like the aquatic equivalent of people who claim to have been abducted by aliens. ―brandonberry, May 2014
observations	sfw	Fishing is the underwater equivalent of Alien abduction ―Narksdog, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Fishing would be a lot less popular if fish could scream. ―ubuntulive, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Fishing would be a lot less popular if fish had vocal cords. ―Beerhead3214, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Five hours feels like an awful lot when you're awake, but precious little when you're asleep ―Azmek, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Five to ten years ago, custom cell phone rings were all the rage. Today, everyone I know either uses the stock ringtone or keeps it on vibrate. ―salad_dressing_dude, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Fix a man's computer, and he'll come back to you for a lifetime. Teach a man how to fix his computer, and he'll remember it for a day. ―[deleted], Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Flare guns are least effective on the 4th of July and New Year's Eve ―StonedToDaBone, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Fleeing from police is like choosing the double or nothing option. ―sms102, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Fleeing from police is like choosing the double or nothing option. ―swim1929, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Folding clothes is just creating socially-accepted wrinkles. ―willyolio, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Food doesn't really go 'bad' something just starts eating it before you do. ―olafvonstrudel, May 2016
observations	sfw	Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me three times, and you've scientifically determined you can fool me. ―doorkn00b, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Foot fetishes are like clown phobias. I don't have either, but sometimes I can kind of understand why people would. ―batsdx, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Football is basically two coaches playing "wizard's chess." ―VanGoghingSomewhere, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	For "John Smith" being such a common name, I've never met someone with the name. ―Master-of-my-Domain, May 2016
observations	sfw	For Anakin Skywalker's entire life he had to call someone a master right up until he died ―ImperiusII, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	For April Fool's Day a radio station should play nothing but Weird Al songs but act like they're the original versions. ―IIGe0II, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	For April Fool's Day, HowToBasic should upload a video where he tidily prepares a genuine meal ―Knifty_, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	For April Fool's day, Google should dress up the search engine to look like Bing. ―Dyslxeic, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	For April Fools' Day 'The Onion' should run real news stories. ―cmagnificent, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	For April Fools' Day, the Hot or Not app should remove the social media aspect and just show the user a bunch of pictures (an igloo, a campfire, etc) and request each object to be identified as Hot or Not ―lexhardcastle, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	For April fools day the Onion should become a perfectly regular news site ―leothesilent, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	For April fools day, SnapChat should have all of their filters work as normal, but once sent the filter is removed. ―kbfunk, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	For April fools day, the Onion should just post truthful and accurate news stories. ―Explosivepuppies, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	For Clint Eastwood's birthday, Google should change "I'm Feeling Lucky" to "Do you feel lucky, punk?" ―mroybal123, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	For Google to just turn 18, I've been asking some very inappropriate questions to someone underage for quite awhile. ―CruiseWeld, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	For Halloween, SnapChat should add a person standing in the background only after you take the picture. ―moonman1324, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	For Halloween, spotify and other music services should play random noises like doors opening and whispers throughout songs to creep people out ―whalerodeo, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	For a change I´d like to know how much karma I´ve given out ―runner909, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	For a cigarette-smoker a "smoke break" is smoking and for a pothead a "smoke break" is NOT smoking ―blacklantern135, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	For a company named after a rainforest, Amazon sure does use a lot of cardboard. ―the_69th_dad, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	For a drink that is Lemon and Lime flavored, Sprite isn't very sour. ―IHeartPallets, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	For a sociopath, life is a single player game, for everyone else it is an MMO ―brain_emesis, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	For a website that's 90% reposts, Reddit cares a lot when a comedian steals a joke. ―turniemac, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	For all we know, Jesus did come back, but he's just sitting in a mental institution and nobody believes him. ―___WE-ARE-GROOT___, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	For all we know, the last human on earth might already have been born. ―this_raccoon, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	For almost 32 years now, one of Michael Phelps' father's sperm has been doing nothing but swimming and winning. ―LabiaMajorasMask, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	For an "adult cartoon" I've found that I've enjoyed Family Guy less and less as I've grown older ―0ddStranger, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	For an atheist, I sure use "I swear to god" and "Jesus Christ!" a lot. ―AdamOnDemand, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	For daylight savings, we should move the clocks forward an hour on Monday at 9 AM so that we lose an hour of work instead of sleep. ―mac-0, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	For decades parents told their children to empty their plates so that the sun will shine. Today we have fat kids and global warming. ―MasterPerry, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	For every "drug deal gone bad" you hear about on the news, thousands and thousands go swimmingly. ―bodell, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	For every reaction there is an equal and opposite social media overreaction. ―TommehBoi, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	For games, you press start to play; movies, you press play to start. ―PahoojyMan, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	For guys who loved Die Hard so much, Ross Chandler and Joey were pretty oblivious to how much Ross's girlfriend's dad looked like Bruce Willis ―Lachshmock, May 2016
observations	sfw	For having such a bad rap, Satanists really haven't done nearly as much damage as Christians and Muslims have. ―exwasstalking, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	For how culturally and ethnically diverse Reddit probably is, I basically see you all as the same type of person ―gr1ff_r1ff, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	For how popular reddit is, Im suprised none of my friends have ever heard or used it. ―boleshine, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	For me, all Reddit posts are NSFW. Because if I get caught browsing Reddit at work I'll be fired. ―iamjamieq, May 2015
observations	sfw	For most of human history, vehicles had automatic collision avoidance and could even take you home when you were sleeping or drunk. Then we got rid of the horse. ―YoYoJoh, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	For most of human history, vehicles had automatic collision avoidance and could even take you home when you were sleeping or drunk. Then we got rid of the horse. ―arbaminim, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	For someone, somewhere in America, today is the last day they'll wake up with all 10 fingers. ―viral_virus, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	For the first time in history, we have produced a class of poor people who are more likely to be obese than starving. ―melancholyspectator, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	For the last season of American Idol, they should have all the former winners come back and compete against each other to decide who the all - time best is ―kaps84, May 2015
observations	sfw	For the low price of a dollar you can leave a dollar somewhere and instantly make someone's day better ―Fatkungfuu, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	For the new Star Wars film, I want a major character to die from being shot by a stormtrooper. ―Sinai, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	For the next "Dirty Jobs", Mike Rowe should try being a senator. ―clockrunner, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	For the next Miss USA they should add a "no makeup" and "ask her ex" competition to spice things up. ―d_fromsd, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	For those born on November 22, 1989 you have a special birthday in the year 2033. Why? On 11/22/33 you're turning 44. ―MeatMeAfterClass, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	For thousands of years literacy was exclusive to the elites of the world and historians always pondered what life for the common man was like. Today, thanks to social media, we can safely assume they had nothing all that important to say. ―BridgetheDivide, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	For-profit prisons should be paid based on whether the inmates get reformed. They should have to house repeat offenders for free. ―bricej13, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Forcing an atheist relative to go to church because it's Christmas is a bit like dragging a eunuch along to an orgy because it's Valentine's Day. ―teaqualizer, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Forget "slow and steady wins the race." The real moral of The Tortoise and the Hare is that talent and skill are useless if you're lazy, irresponsible and arrogant ―[deleted], Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Forget a dislike button, Facebook needs a "this article/picture is fake" button. ―diatonicnerds, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Formerly obese people should be allowed to donate skin to burn victims free of charge. ―[deleted], Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Four-leaf clovers ARE lucky, considering our species has been systematically trying for some time now to remove them from the gene pool. ―banyanroot, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Franz Ferdinand's (band) last concert ever should be in Sarajevo ―longint, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Free WiFi would probably be more helpful at a sperm bank than a magazine. ―Ace_of_Clubs, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Freshmen starting high school this year will be learning about 9/11 as a historical event that took place before they were born ―SlipperyQuark, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	From Gandalf's perspective, The Hobbit is a really long escort mission with low level NPCs. ―Lychwood, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	From a dinosaur's perspective, we're living in a post-apocalyptic world. ―neanderhall, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	From a wookie's perspective, Chewbacca is the handsome rogue and Han is the dumb sidekick communicating in animal noises. ―Hrtzy, May 2016
observations	sfw	From the mouth of my 8 year old son: "When you think about the future, your mind is time traveling." ―Laborum, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	From the perspective of a plant, carnivores are peaceful, docile creatures while herbivores a murderous killing machines ―classycatman, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	From the viewpoint of the Simpsons characters, Itchy And Scratchy has hyperrealistic animation. ―UltraCow1, May 2014
observations	sfw	Frozen is the first time Disney on Ice makes any sense. ―letsdosomethingcrazy, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Frozen pizza should be pre-cut in case to bake just a slice ―woopinarse, May 2015
observations	sfw	GTA 7 will play very boring because of self-driving cars. ―dreamingofreddit, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	GTA made me a violent person as much as Madden made me an athlete. ―motownmods, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Gambling addiction hotlines would do so much better if every fifth caller was a winner. ―[deleted], Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Game reviewers should start their reviews with how many hours they played that game ―hoseherdown, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Gandalf forced a party on Bilbo to get rid of all his food so he wouldn't have a rotten pantry when he came back. ―TOMBO-D, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Gangs are just frats for people who don't go to college ―Avayorn, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Gary Busey's out there just doing something right now. ―xitzengyigglz, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Gay people dress so well because they've been in the closet so long. ―webster2086, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	George R.R. Martin is taking his time writing the final GoT books because he realized the only way to hurt fans more than killing off all their favorite characters is to die himself before completing the series. ―notlogic, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	German Shepherd is also a type of human. ―ninjarabbit14, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Getting A Ticket Is Like Retroactively Purchasing A Permit To Do Something Illegal ―SovanaaCasanova, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Getting Reddit gold and not editing your comment to say thank you is like walking away from an explosion and not looking back ―Super_Link, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Getting a blow job is literally having "the life sucked out of you." ―idothisinmysleep, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Getting a dollar every six minutes sounds alot better then getting ten dollars every hour ―Radlaserlava, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Getting a haircut is like the final boss of making small talk. ―dancingoppie1223, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Getting a life sentence in jail is like getting the death penalty but with the execution method being death by old age. ―thaFalkon, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Getting another set of teeth would be much more useful at age 60 than age 6. ―New_Car_Wrecked, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Getting birthday money is the real life equivalent of passing 'Go' and collecting $200. ―Angry_Spacepimp, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Getting mail as a child is infinitely more fun than getting mail as an adult. ―Aschindler88, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Getting married at 21 is like leaving the party at 9:15 pm ―3much4u, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Getting married takes signing one document, getting divorced is close to 100. Shouldn't it be harder to get married than divorced so we'll avoid more divorces? ―BabyBuddySweetpea, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Getting off is good. Getting Laid is good. Getting laid off is bad. ―InertiaInMyPants, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Getting out a piece of paper while doing calculations is basically getting your brain extra RAM ―Lollecoaster, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Getting stoned in 2015 A.D. is fun. Getting stoned in 2015 B.C. is not. ―djsedna, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Ghost sightings sure fell out of popularity now that everyone has a smartphone in their pocket ―Lolawolf, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Ghosts that haunt graveyards are really lazy ―[deleted], Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Gifs are just normal pictures in the Harry Potter Universe ―hoosierpride1, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Gifs shouldn't start playing until they've fully loaded. ―ARMunsilenced, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Ginger was the only Spice Girl who was actually a spice. ―[deleted], Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Ginger was the only true Spice girl ―WearItLikeArmor, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Giraffes must take forever to vomit ―irritatedcitydweller, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Girl Scouts are the ONLY door to door salesmen that make me want to say "Where the hell have you been?!" when they show up ―BloodyFreeze, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Girl Scouts is basically a brand-name cookie company that gets away with child labor. ―Foo_Fighter_Fan, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Girls always want a taller guy, but consistently complain about being tall. It's because your mom found a taller guy, and the cycle continues. ―Footsteps_10, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Girls are more comfortable being naked around each other because they don't have to worry about getting an accidental erection and making things awkward. ―birdington1, May 2015
observations	sfw	Girls can't find their hairclip, but they remember what you said exactly 2 yrs ago at 2:13am ―[deleted], Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Girls don't really buy hair ties. They just rent them from the universe for an undisclosed amount of time. ―jeufie, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Girls wear makeup to look older. Women wear makeup to look younger. ―morfean, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Give someone a penny for their thoughts. Take their two cents. Repeat. Profit. ―RamsesThePigeon, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Given that Deadpool is aware he is in a comic/movie, the best commentary track for the BluRay would be Deadpool watching his own movie. ―WombleArcher, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Given that I visit Reddit far more often than Facebook, it stands to reason that I prefer perfect strangers over actual friends and family. ―dep, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Given the choice between $1,000,000,000 or a single chicken wing, a dog will choose the chicken wing every time. ―CoolMikeLawrence, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Giving blood for the Red Cross sounds metal as hell if you don't know what the Red Cross is. ―Sifenchar, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Giving out candy on Halloween is like paying protection money to a child mafia so they won't vandalize your house. ―CaveCricketCommander, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Giving someone a heater as a house warming gift is a literal house warming gift. ―GenericReditUserName, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Giving someone gold on Reddit is like saying "I enjoyed what you said enough to pay you for it. But instead I'm going to pay someone else to give you a tiny pixelated gold image." ―CyborgBurger, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Glass half full and Glass half empty doesn't depend on your philosophical bend as much as it depends on whether it was poured half way up or drank half way down ―Waldrom, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Global warming is the revenge of dinosaur ghosts because we disturbed their oily slumber. ―24points2blue, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	GoFundMe should automatically put up rejected ideas on a wall of shame called "GoFundYourself." ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	GoPro should manufacture a police body camera and name it either the GoPro 5-0 or the GoPro Popo. ―PoopTickets, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Goat milk should be marketed to children with the slogan "Kids love it!" ―shiny_metal, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Goats are like gift cards for 3rd world countries. ―Browsing_From_Work, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	God bless public restrooms with paper towels instead of those blow thingys ―NomisNairda, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	God is often depicted as male and this offends many people. The same people don't care that Satan is depicted as male too. ―LordFluffy, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	God is the most AFK admin ever ―[deleted], Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Going on a Welsh journey to Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch is something that is easier done than said. ―CaptainAsshat, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Going private is the funniest thing I've seen out of /r/funny in ages. ―Marpl, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Going to bed 10 minutes earlier doesn't seem like anything but sleeping in 10 minutes feels like everything. ―XFX_Samsung, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Going to see Star Wars tomorrow. I think I'm more excited about no longer having to dodge spoilers than I am to see the actual movie. ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Going to work hungover is like playing your job on a harder difficulty. ―NersonMandera, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Gonorrhoea sounds like a medicine to treat Diarrhoea ―anthonyyladd, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Good and Evil are both only one letter away from God and the Devil. ―tomsimps0n, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Good atheists deserve a place in heaven more than good religious people, because their good behaviour was never stimulated by any rewards. ―MrBozooo, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Good drivers should be allowed to level up and gain new abilities, like left on red lights when no traffic is around ―jtoeman, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Good guy Elon Musk - Finds out that Facebook is spying on everyone - Destroys their $200 million dollar spy satellite by blowing up his own rocket. ―RiXZ, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Google Earth gives You the opportunity to go and see anywhere in the world... so what you do? You go and look at your house. ―mystic1_wizard, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Google Earth is good for finding out which of your neighbors has a pool ―wtb2612, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Google Maps should have a "halfway point" option. Where it lists restaurants and things to do halfway between the two locations you enter. ―lumbergriff, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Google Maps should have a "road trip" feature that highlights points of interest along your planned route. ―IronHelm, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Google Street View Should Have A "Time Travel" Feature So That Future Generations Can See What Places Looked Like In The Past. ―overzealoushobo, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Google and Apple build driver-less cars cause the only time you're not on your phone is when you drive. ―ooli, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Google chrome should have a mute button for each tab. ―NlHILIST, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Google earth should have a nighttime feature so you can see different cities' night life. ―Natedizzoggy, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Google has been doing the largest AMA in history. ―[deleted], Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Google is always doing an AMA ―sparks_rog, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Google is better at finding posts on reddit than the search on reddit itself ―load231, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Google is better at searching reddit than reddit's own search engine ―mead93, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Google is like CTRL+F for the entire internet. ―evenreptar, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Google is the place you go when you have a question. Reddit is where you go to find the questions you would never have ever thought to ask. ―Coltrainz, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Google maps should have a "Scenic!" route option for when we're not in a hurry and just want to enjoy the ride. ―spikejr5342, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Google maps should have a "home town" option that starts directions from the nearest major intersection, and doesn't waste time telling me how to get out of my own neighborhood. ―notBrit, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Google maps should have a "on the way" feature to find the most convenient gas station, Starbucks, or whatever along the route to your destination. ―joebobmcgeeman, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Google maps should have a feature where if you know a better route, you can say "OK, Google, watch this," and then drive it. They could improve their directions that way. ―ItsALiberalPlot, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Google maps should have an "I need gas" feature. This button would re-direct your route through the nearest gas station. ―btg7471, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Google maps should team up with garbage trucks to update street view weekly. ―mark5301, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Google self-driving car should have an "I'm Feeling Lucky" button that drives you to a random location. ―meflou, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Google should collect roadkill statistics just like traffic data and create a map overlay that tells you where high risk areas of encountering animals on the road exist. ―Pitchfork_Wholesaler, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Google should do a "Street View" of the International Space Station. ―nehalwa, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Google should give you an award if you're the first person to ever Google something. ―4firstnames, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Google should have a "Trailblazer Notice" that tells you "Hey! Guess what!" if the thing you searched has never been searched before. ―WaitForItTheMongols, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Google should launch Googlr, similar to Tinder, Grindr, and Sizzlr, to match you with potential soulmates based on your search history. ―Higgenbottoms, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Google should let you know and congratulate you whenever you enter something into the search engine that's never been searched before. ―AtLeastImCooler, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Google should make a new filter: No Pintrest results. ―100milesanhour, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Google should mess with us by always making the link to the déjà vu Wikipedia page purple ―SUFC1889, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Google should produce and maintain an online jokes database and call it "Giggle". ―area88guy, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Google should send a self-driving car to capture street view images in Chernobyl. ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Google should send you an alert every time someone searches your home address on Maps. ―mikenice1, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Google should tally all the scores from the offline dinosaur game in an area and bring Google Fiber to whichever area racks up the most points. ―miniman830, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Google should tell you if you're the first person to ever Google something ―Ouz, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Google should tell you if you're the first person to ever Google something. ―Evo7, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Googling 'nice truck' will never be the same again. ―Bill-Murrays-Wiener, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Gorillas don't know any bodybuilding techniques so we have probably never seen one at full potential. ―Firvulag, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Gorillas don't know any bodybuilding techniques so we probably have never seen one at full potential. ―mkt3, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Gotham City is kinda screwed if it's a clear night and there aren't any clouds to put the bat signal on ―Elfieblue, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Gotye is now someone that we used to know. ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Gotye is someone we used to know. ―iamaredditman1, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Goyte is now literally just somebody that we used to know. ―lilidarkwind, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Grand Theft Auto is such a common game now that I frequently forget that it's the name of an actual crime ―Redditapology, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Gravity is more relevant to the plot of Interstellar than to plot of the movie that is actually named "Gravity." ―Croutons957, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Gray hair is just your hair printer running out of ink. ―Caliphart, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Great Britain learned one crazy trick to lose billions of pounds overnight. ―Manfrenjensenjen, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Growing up I was always told how smart I was. Now that I'm an adult I realize I'm not really smart at all. ―_eggfooyoung_, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Growing up doesn't mean that the teenage angst stops, you just stop making a scene about it because you realise nobody cares. ―actually_crazy_irl, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Growing up in a house of 7, 5 of them women, I never cared which way the toilet paper was facing, I just wanted there to be toilet paper ―mkejdo, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Growing up in an Anglican church, whenever somebody says "May the fourth be with you," I always want to say "and also with you" ―carlobananna, May 2015
observations	sfw	Growing up in the 90s, I assumed African killer bees were going to be something I'd have to worry about on a daily basis. ―hoobityboobities, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Growing up is going from being excited for Ralphie getting his Red Ryder BB gun to seeing how happy and excited the father was the share something amazing with his son. ―hoboswithhandgrenade, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Growing up is realizing that the bottom bunk is probably more convenient. ―gaveasky, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Growing up marijuana was seen as a gateway drug for harder drugs but, ironically, Chuck E. Cheese was never seen as a gateway for gambling. ―latinrprince79, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Growing up my parents made me believe that someone turning a light on in the car while I'm driving was going to be a much bigger issue in my life than it actually is. ―Choco_taco_, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Growing up playing Monopoly I was lead to believe that there is such a thing as a bank error in my favor. ―humansof, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Growing up, I heard a lot about Anchovy Pizzas. Now that I'm an adult, I realize that I have never once heard anyone order an Anchovy Pizza. ―frustrated_pen, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Growing up, I thought 'slow dances' would be a bigger occurrence in my adult life than it is. ―jolieminou, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Growing up, I used to look forward to a 3 month break. As an adult, I get a 4 day weekend and it's the highlight of my year. ―Astrocomet25, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Growing up, everyone tells you to chase your dreams. Once you become an adult everyone tells you to be realistic. ―Swingmerightround, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Growing up, everyone was worried that "the powers that be" were going to microchip us. With the spread of smart phones, we microchipped ourselves. ―PabloEstAmor, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Gum is just a human chew toy ―MokaShakaCon, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Guns are basically just an advanced way for people to throw rocks at each other. ―Hobosock, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	Guns is another name for arms and arms is another name for guns. ―BrightBurner, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Guys think girls dress up for them, but really, girls dress to impress other girls. Guys work out and think it'll impress girls, but mostly impress other dudes that work out. ―LargeWhale, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Guys who think girls don't notice when they are nice, are probably ONLY nice to girls they think are pretty. ―rottinguy, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Guys, if a girl hits you with the "I'm pregnant" text on April Fools Day just reply yeah you looked like you were gaining weight ―blueshockey_1991, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Gym Machines should have high scores ―Ericabneri, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Gyms should have memberships where your fee goes down based on how often you go. ―drain65, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	H20 is a chemical. Water guns are chemical weapons. ―GunLister, May 2015
observations	sfw	HBO should buy the rights to Harry Potter and make a series where every season is based around one book. ―ftwin, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Hackers have broken this year's biggest stories, while journalists have tried to cover them up. ―Squashey, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Had Voldemort hidden pieces of his soul in mundane objects like rocks, instead of rings, diadems, and other valuable items, and scattered them at the bottom of the ocean, he would have been truly immortal. ―[deleted], Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Had he not been healed, Frodo would have made the dorkiest ringwraith in the history of Middle earth. ―leila_k, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Hair dressers should only be allowed to decorate their salons with pictures of people with haircuts THEY did. ―Quothefool, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Half Life 3 was never meant to exist. Half Life + Half Life = one full life ―Templar_Gus, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Half of 8 is 4. Half of 8 is also 3. Half of 8 can also be 0 ―LMN-er, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Half of Blink 182 is Wink 91 ―GarrettSucks, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Half of Blink182 would be Wink91 ―erikedge, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Half the time when it says the video will start after an advertisement I decide, "Meh, I don't really want to watch this video that much anyways" and close it. ―jbsacks1, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Half the world is starving and the other half is trying to lose weight. ―kapre-korn, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Halloween is a great day to be a burglar. You can dress in all black, wear a mask, and carry your loot around in a sack with a dollar sign on it. ―the_y_of_the_tiger, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Halloween is the best day to break out of prison. ―TokenWhiteGuy_, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	Halloween is the worst day to have an actual, bleeding injury ―prx_reddit, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Halloween is the worst day to severely cut your face or hurt yourself. ―yaknowsllanos, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Han Solo doesn't seem so great when you realize who his real-world analog would be: A trucker doing cross-border smuggling for drug cartels, who shot a guy in a bar. ―KubrickIsMyCopilot, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Hand sanitizer should be renamed small cut finder. ―vanquishings, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Handcuffing a deaf person infringes upon their 1st Amendment rights. ―allute, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Handcuffing a deaf person who uses sign language to communicate is like gagging them ―deej88, May 2014
observations	sfw	Hanging pictures of your children in your office is an implied threat. "These kids will die of malnutrition if you fire me." ―rayfromparkville, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Hangovers are the body's way of saying "Oh, by the way, that was poison." ―chrscoast, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Happiness is such a good drug that you use other drugs to crave it ―[deleted], Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Happy Scottish Dependance Day ―Traitor-joes, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Hard drive recovery will be a valuable skill for future archaeologists. ―infamous4chanhacker, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Harry Potter fans who have only seen the movies have no idea who Peeves is. ―DamienHanrahan, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Harry Potter is the ultimate example of someone that 'peaked in high school.' ―TimLoz, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Harry Potter named his kids like some geek who is obsessed with Harry Potter. ―adeebchowdhury, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Harry Potter would have been amazing if each book got a season in a Netflix series. ―keunie, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Has anyone actually finished the "99 of beer on the wall" song? ―twinhed, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Has anyone ever noticed how in Harry Potter, the soul-eating dementors never go for Ron? ―danglyfigger, May 2016
observations	sfw	Hats off to the first guy in history to ever eat a crab, for he must have been the hungriest person in existence... "Woah, look at that giant armored spider of the sea, let's eat it!" ―Missing_R_key, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Have I ever had milk from the same cow twice? ―HenGuy, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	Have you ever stopped paying attention in class, realized you stopped paying attention and started focusing so hard on paying attention you're not paying attention? ―JonTze, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Have you ever thought about the significance of a father calling his kid a "little squirt"? ―adamdavenport, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Have you noticed how guys always shake their gas pistol when they are finished and women don't? ―YayaJax, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Having "active shooter" drills in schools is teaching your shooters where you'll be hiding. ―9thjames, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Having $200 in your bank account feels amazing when you're younger, but terrifying when you're older. ―w-f-w, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Having Facebook, there is no more reason to have high school reunions, you already know what people are up to and you still don't care. ―ThePittsburgher, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Having a bath is "downloading" water; having a shower is merely "streaming" it. ―mifkin, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Having a bloody nose in England must be a tough situation to explain to another person. ―Tannerq429, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Having a creative password is really unfortunate. Because as much as you want to, you can't tell anyone about it. ―FancioPantsio, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Having a face only a mother could love is pretty cool when you toss MILFs into the equation ―atzikki, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Having a favorite color turned out to be less important than I expected as a child. ―[deleted], Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Having a toddler is like being on a permanent escort mission: A low AI character tries to follow you around, and if you're not careful enough, they'll find a way to kill themselves. ―chrono1465, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Having a video not load after watching an entire ad, is like the equivalent of having a vending machine eat your money. ―WhateverAmen, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Having an IQ of just above average is the worst. You're smart enough to notice how stupid others are but not smart enough to make a big difference. ―Chaff5, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Having anti-piracy messages on legitimately bought and legal DVDs is like lecturing a punctual classroom on attendance. ―motherstep, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Having random boners as a teenager is like having a Pokemon that is too high of a level to control. ―Azntigerlion, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Having someone's picture as the background of your smartphone is the modern day equivalent of having someone's picture in your wallet. ―Amnesiacc, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Having the last name of Down and trying to be a police officer would make the job highly inconvenient for your coworkers. ―PotatoAvenger, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Having to watch an ad doesn't make me want to buy a product, it just makes me hate the product/company ―frinqe, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Healthy is simply the slowest rate at which you can die. ―Alacritous, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	Hearing my voice on a recording makes me want to apologize to everyone I've ever spoken to ―Mus_tee, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Hearing someone was 'hacked' doesn't strike fear the way it would have 100 years ago. ―nida_jaza, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Heat, Pressure, and Time. The three things that make a diamond, are also the three things that make a waffle. ―IDontCareAboutUpvote, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Helen Keller would have probably been completely immune to flash-bang grenades. ―ShigglyB00, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Hey Arnold's mom isn't on the show because she probably died giving birth to him and his huge skull. ―whosurmaddi, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	High IQ can result in the ability to create brilliant justifications for doing terribly stupid things. ―Gatorburger, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	High School should have a required class called life where they teach finance, real estate, taxes, and other essential life skills. ―eL_HaXo, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	High school is like a free trial on education. Once you've graduated, they say "now if you want to continue, pay $50,000" ―randercrop, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	High school teachers tell us not to plagiarize, but they get all of their assignments from the internet ―Mathew425, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	High schools should have a "How to adult" class, where students learn how to do taxes, resumes, and other essential adult things. ―paleselan1, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	High schools should make shop and basic plumbing courses mandatory, so everyone can fix basic house problems ―blizzardfang, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Highwaythoughts: On the back of road signs, they should put the text in reverse, that way, you can read the sign you just passed in your rear view mirror, in case you missed it the first time. ―techwiz850, May 2015
observations	sfw	Hillary and Bill Clinton should be known collectively as Hillbilly ―ssrrgg, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Hindus revere cows as being sacred. The rest of the world kills and eats cows on an enormous scale. No holy war waged, props to them... ―VonEemsington, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Hippo is faster then human both on land and in water, so bicycle is your only chance to beat it in triathlon ―jursla, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Historians are very important people...they are currently saving our progress. ―Moose--Bolton, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	History classes are only going to get longer and harder as time goes on. ―RealDirtyDan, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	Hitler probably turned out to be so aggressive because throughout his life time travelers kept turning up trying to kill him ―SpacedJ, May 2014
observations	sfw	Hitler ruined a name, a mustache, a symbol for peace, and literally just raising your arm in the air. ―MisterScribbles, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Hockey is much better if you imagine the teams are fighting over the world's last Oreo. ―ChrisTaliaferro, May 2015
observations	sfw	Hodor is basically a Pokemon. He is only able to say his name and he fights under his master's control. ―ekidwell, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Hogwarts should have a muggle teacher, to teach about electricity and such. ―because_both_sides, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Holding down the "Print Screen" button should create a gif of what was happening on your screen while you were holding it. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Holding my finger on the power button to shut my computer down feels like suffocating someone with a pillow ―LatvianGiant, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Holding the power button to shut down your computer feels like you’re choking someone to death. ―xMissLovelyLadyLoki, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Hollywood shouldn't remake good movies, they should remake terrible movies and make them better. ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Homeless people are really good at finding sharpies and cardboard. ―BarbellShrugged, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Homeless people are the ultimate proof that ignoring a problem doesn't make it go away. ―TouchedThePoop, May 2015
observations	sfw	Homeless people should relocate to local Best Buy, Toys R Us, Walmart locations for the holidays. Get line for Black Friday. Then sell their spot in line on Thanksgiving night. ―Drowfire, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Homosexuality is older than the bible,the guy writing it had to know about such a thing before complaining about it. ―gloryworks, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Honesty is probobly one of the most highly regarded traits in a person, but if I was 100% honest 100% of the time I probobly wouldn't have any friends, family or even a job ―LukeWiLDz, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Hooters restaurant should introduce options for drink sizes: A Cup, B Cup, C Cup... ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Hooters should do a home delivery service and call it 'Knockers' ―xonomad, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Hooters should just give job applicants a bra and say "here, fill this out." ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Horrible and horrific are synonyms. Terrible and terrific are antonyms. ―Xyexs, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Horror movies should include a blooper section to help people relax before bed ―dundizzle, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Horses must be the most farted upon creatures in the whole world. ―ZebulonHart, May 2014
observations	sfw	Horses went from pulling the cart to getting towed around in trailers. That's a pretty good deal. ―HornedRavenclaw, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Hotel vending machines should accept your room key as payment and have it charged to the room. ―BrandtHasToPay100, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	How I Met Your Mother is the longest Ted talk. ―WeGottaGoFast1138, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	How I Met Your Mother was the world's longest TED Talk. ―mostafa_hanafi, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	How It's Made is the only show that gets better the more they run out of ideas ―Awareofthat, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	How attractive I feel changes a lot from day to day, week to week, but I probably look exactly the same to everyone else. ―postymcpostpost, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	How come people don't sing happy birthday to the baby as it's being delivered? I mean That's their actual birthday. ―Three_G, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	How cool it would be to downvote your friends Facebook status without knowing whom they came from. Then maybe they would stop posting pics of their kids ―scoobydonts23, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	How cool would it be to see your brain's "task manager" ―dontdoutyme, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	How did Americans go from rallying against the 1% to potentially nominating the embodiment of the 1%? ―peacefultoker420, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	How did hamsters ever survive in the wild? ―Accio_Upvotes, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	How do nudists clean their glasses? ―BarbieMarleyBG, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	How does Superman have any muscle mass? It's not like he can do resistance training. ―imjusta_bill, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	How far back in history do you have to go before it's considered archaeology instead of grave robbing? ―brotherbunsen, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	How fast a car can go from 100-0 is probably more important than how fast it can get from 0-100. ―ubuntulive, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	How fast a car goes 60-0 is a lot more important than how fast it goes 0-60. ―chrscoast, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	How has r/goldenshowers not been renamed r/kelly? ―Hofood, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	How hilarious would it be if farting was as contagious as yawning ―PijiX, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	How is "Selfie Stick" not yet a slang term for a dildo? ―idontliketocomment, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	How is it that facebook can recognize faces, cars can almost drive themselves, but the vending machine still can't read my dollar bill if it has a wrinkle? ―SlyFoxC, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	How many animals did we try to ride before we got the right one. ―Archan_, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	How many times do you think that you've seen the exact same bird outside, but had no idea that you've looked at it before. ―ShigglyB00, Apr 2013
observations	sfw	How many trees does it take before you start calling it a forest? ―PlumbsWithWolves, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	How much fun it would be to own a lightsabre in a zombie apocalypse ―PlRATE, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	HowToBasic should make an April Fools video where he cooks something correctly. ―[deleted], Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Huddle is a more manly word for cuddle ―lakswimmer33, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Hugh Jackman 16 years as wolverine and never wore the yellow suit ―buyingaspaceship, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Human beings are the most intelligent and complex organisms in the known universe. They're often made by accident. ―jayflashgordon, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Human mouths always had the ability to beat-box. Someone a thousand years ago could have dropped the sickest beats of all time. ―Willbotski, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Humanity went from PvE to PvP ―TheFeelsGuy, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Humanity won't care about investing seriously into space travel, until we are in a situation where we wished we invested more into space travel. ―antiswerve, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Humanity’s fear of aliens boils down to fearing that aliens will treat humanity like humanity treats the world. ―Greatpatient, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Humans are Half-Centaur, Half-Minotaur ―j0sh77, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Humans are a really good example of how dangerous an invasive species is for the local environment ―Crushgaunt, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Humans are inherently lonely cause no one can "hear" your thoughts except you. Even when you express some through words, you cannot describe the full gamut of your mind. ―yeezred, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Humans are originally from Mars, but after using up all its resources and destroying the atmosphere, scientists launched a vessel containing basic genetic material to start a new world into space. This vessel was the asteroid that killed the dinosaurs. ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Humans are weird. We invented the helmet so we could keep doing the things that were wrecking our heads. ―raskulous, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Humans can't even co-exist peacefully with their own kind on Earth and somehow still manage to convince themselves that meeting an extra-terrestrial species would go smoothly ―Castiel333, May 2016
observations	sfw	Humans cut down trees to build bird houses. ―wirelessgypsy, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Humans have a 12-16 hour battery life. ―the_blind_kid, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Humans have a 16 hour battery life ―gavin92, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Humans have a fear of aliens coming to Earth with superior technology and killing everyone but that's exactly what happened to the Native Americans. ―person_random, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Humans have become scientifically advanced to the point of engineering 75-ton planes that fly tens of thousands of feet high. But we're still superstitious enough to not put the number 13 on them. ―adeebchowdhury, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Humans spend 33.3% of their lives asleep. They spend 50% of that dreaming. That means that 16.6% percent of your life experiences never happened. ―temporalExile, May 2016
observations	sfw	Humans spend the first 18 (or more) years of their lives getting caught up to speed about what the other humans have been doing for the past few thousand years ―shbababa, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Humans would secretly communicate through Captcha in case robots become self aware and try to take over the World ―Captainsoap, May 2016
observations	sfw	Hundreds of kids killed in Syria, no one bats an eye. A lion killed and the whole world gets in a uproar. ―Born2bFunny, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Hundreds of people put thousands of hours of work into a project, just for me to watch two minutes of it on Netflix then say "Ugh, nevermind." ―poopedinthechili, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Hurricanes are becoming so powerful and violent that they should be named after fictitious monsters and villains to encourage evacuation. Hurricane Patricia doesn't sound scary, but Hurricane Sauron does. ―self-aware_potato, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Hyperlinks go from Blue to Purple when you click them because then you've "Red" them. ―Puswah_Fizart, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I Wish the word palindrome was a palindrome ―aroondeep, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	I Wonder what would happen if NASA's 17.5 Billion Dollar Budget was switched with the US Military budget of 683.7 Billion? ―Kingsnw, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	I add "reddit" after every question I search on Google because I trust you all more than other strangers ―PseudoStegosaurus, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I almost didn't join Reddit because the layout was so annoying, but now I couldn't imagine it any other way. ―Subwaycookienipples, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I also have a teardrop tattoo for every person I've killed. ―AndrewDCF, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I always avoid the 'Ad' links when Google searching, even when that is the link that I want. ―originalwombat, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I always felt bad that the rabbit never got any trix and I hated the kids for it. ―TeaTimeBeatings, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I always imagine the questions in Askreddit are all from the same person. He seems nice but a little annoying. ―onmyphoneusername, May 2016
observations	sfw	I always lie on those "18 and up" websites that ask for a DOB. Not because I'm under 18, but because I'm so old, it's a hassle to scroll to find my actual year of birth. ―xsp4rrow, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I always put my music on shuffle but then get annoyed when it doesn't play the songs I want. ―jackleinmark, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I always read the TL;DR, even after I read the whole submission. ―stripesforlyfe, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I always read the tl;dr even though I read the post ―Sleepy_Man, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I always say I've "heard" things I've learned on Reddit to make it seem like I talk to more people than I actually do. ―rld2013, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I always scratch under my dogs collar in case he has an itch there that he can't get. ―Mr_Funnybones, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I always seem to have a just strong enough data connection to play a YouTube ad without interruptions but never the video I'm am trying to watch. ―Areasonablechub92, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I always skip Google searches that have the word Ad in front of their URL. Google is ultimately charging companies for me not to click their websites. ―joncology, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I always stress out trying to hide my boner in public, but I've never noticed another guy have a boner before ―_BooRadley_, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I always take for granted how awesome it is that my body is waterproof. I can confidently jump in a pool or a bath tub without the fear of my insides filling up with water and dying. ―vlndleee, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I always tell my dog to have a good day when I leave for work, but I don't know if he actually does have a good day or not. ―stengebt, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I always thought jokes about Germans were exaggerated, until I spent 30 minutes to explain the concept of knock knock jokes to my German dad ―Priamosish, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I always use too much shampoo the day after a haircut. ―original_4degrees, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I always want a poo that requires one clean wipe, but when it comes back clean I always double check because I don't believe the first one. ―Jonosurf75, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I always want to sleep in to get more sleep, but I never want to go to bed early. ―Total-Nerd, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I am 13.7 billion years old according to law of mass conservation. ―theploop, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I am 136 - 0 for not finding a dead prostitute in the hotel rooms I've rented in my life. ―SelfMadeSoul, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I am First World Poor. I use my laptop or smartphone to log into my bank account to see I have no money. ―killerapt, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I am a firm believer that every traffic jam starts with one dumbass ―illestprodigy, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I am a much better proofreader the moment after I post something than the moment before. ―SirHerald, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I am a time traveler. I only go one direction and I do so patiently. ―AptFox, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	I am against monopolies in principal, but I still want Netflix to have all the shows. ―i_sigh_less, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I am almost 100% more likely to click on a gif than I am a youtube video ―Unhired, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I am as old as the universe because matter cannot be created or destroyed. ―dudewiththebling, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	I am currently controlling miniscule lights on your display ―Maplicant, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I am forever disappointed that a group of squid is not called a squad ―shazzbarbaric, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I am glad that farts aren't contagious as yawns ―Footyking, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I am less concerned about what homeless people do with my spare money than what most major banks would do with the same money. ―torrid_example, May 2016
observations	sfw	I am more comfortable talking with newer friends because they are familiar with the newest incarnation of me and hold less expectations. ―Nymik, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I am more interested in the thoughts of strangers on Reddit than any of my friend's tweets or Facebook statuses. ―molive333, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I am more responsible with the resources I have in video games than I am with the resources I have in real life. ―Old2blue, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I am more willing to go to the 12th page of pornhub than I am to the 2nd page of google. ―EnderWiggin3rd, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I am no where near as scary as 10 year old me thought people my age are. ―JMS230, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I am one half centaur. ―ethanicles7, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	I am pretty sure that most of the adults who told me wiki is a terrible source, now use viral facebook posts for most of their "news sources". ―JohnConnormaybe, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I am really proud of the soft drink industry for agreeing on a standard cap size for bottles. ―ollierwoodman, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I am so bad at capchas, I am starting to suspect I am not human. ―EasyRedditor, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I am so happy I live in a world with Facebook. Before that, it would have taken weeks, even months, before finding out someone was an idiot. ―cabridges, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I am surprised more ELI5 answers arent "because i told you so". ―Sparchs, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I am tied for the world record for the least amount of world records. ―CrumBoleh, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I am willing to bet that every carpenter who has ever picked up a stud finder has pointed it at himself, said "beep," and declared it to be in perfect working order. ―QuiGonGingerAle, May 2016
observations	sfw	I assume all skulls are male ―hiphopanonymouz, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I assume everyone on Reddit is a dude about my age unless they state otherwise. ―SLy_McGillicudy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I assume everyone on Reddit is a straight white male atheist from the USA unless they state otherwise ―Chroose, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I avoid having to read an entire linked article by reading triple its length in reddit comments. ―YourPostTitleIsTrash, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I base my purchases almost solely on user reviews, but I never review products myself. ―Nodnarb31, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I became an adult the day I realized that parking near the entrance is not as good as parking near the cart corral. ―AnarchyBubble, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I before E except after C is another theory disproved by Science. ―[deleted], Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I bet 7-11 is glad the Twin Towers attack wasn't on July 11 ―NotOBAMAThrowaway, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I bet Clark Kent lied during his job interview when asked what was his greatest weakness. ―zer0w0rries, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I bet Dog Heaven is located directly underneath Toddlers Eating Messily At A Table Heaven. ―drewpdoane, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I bet I'd make a fortune if I opened a kiosk in the mall that sews real pockets into women's pants ―Lovebot_AI, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I bet Kanye West will be the first person to perform with the hologram of Kanye West ―Dressy_Ent, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I bet Pokémon Go will eventually turn into an advertising platform, selling "ads" to local businesses by placing rare Pokémon at their location ―ibelikepablo, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I bet Sloppy Joe meat would taste amazing in a quesadilla, and you could call them Sloppy Josés ―Kip_karo, May 2016
observations	sfw	I bet a heroin junkie could find a needle in a haystack. ―Future_Canadian, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I bet a lot more people would be on board with the draft if they just called it "Call of Duty 5: Actual Warfare" ―imlovinit666, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I bet art schools have the best bathroom graffiti ―XXLargeninja, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I bet attractive people think the world is a lot kinder than it actually is. ―benjamin_finneran, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I bet attractive people think the world is a lot more polite than it really is ―PrryvdoofV2, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I bet attractive people think the world is a lot more polite than it really is ―shicky536, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	I bet attractive people think the world is a lot more polite than it really is. ―ElusiveUsama, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I bet clapping was invented by the first guy nobody wanted to high five. ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I bet drug dealers wish they could sell their drugs for as much as the police think they're worth. ―palmerry, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I bet foreigners visiting the U.S. are wondering why we never use the top half of our flag poles. ―treflexasaurus, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I bet genies were a real thing until one jerk wished for genies not to exist anymore ―lucio_ball, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I bet giraffes don't even know what a fart smells like ―dontdoutyme, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I bet giraffes never have to smell their own farts ―Blaze_108, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	I bet in 1989, when people were watching Back to the Future II and wondering what 2015 would be like, very few people guessed we'd be getting psyched up for a new Star Wars movie. ―thedmandotjp, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I bet it's pretty hard to give a loud, impassioned political speech in Germany nowadays. ―SeymourLevov, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	I bet mailmen sometimes try to get in to the passenger's side of their cars after work. ―GHenders, May 2014
observations	sfw	I bet more people would use the Gamblers Addiction Hotline if 1 out of every 5 callers got a prize. ―Cat2Rupert, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I bet no one will say "he's in a better place" when Hugh Hefner dies. ―IIIBl1nDIII, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	I bet people who work at the Patent Office spend a lot of time wishing they thought of that. ―[deleted], Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I bet people would look better in their driver's license pictures if they took the photo at the beginning of the DMV visit rather than the end. ―uscmissinglink, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I bet teen pregnancies have gone down because you can buy condoms at self checkouts now. ―[deleted], Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I bet the Colorado and Washington girl scouts have been killing it in sales the past couple of years ―Elin_Woods_9iron, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I bet the medieval stretching torture device felt really good for the first few seconds. ―windowlicker1234, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I bet the top 1% of Redditors have more karma and gold than the entire bottom 50% combined ―sillybun99, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I bet there's a direct relationship between the rise of smartphone usage and a decline in bathroom stall graffiti. ―manic_lethargy, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I bet there's some mail carriers out there with amazing Pokémon GO accounts ―Tony-Flags, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I bet when the Pope is in a room where someone sneezes, everyone looks at him expectantly. ―Barflyerdammit, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I boycott every company that has a YouTube ad over 20 seconds with no skip button. ―ILoveReksai, May 2016
observations	sfw	I buy trashbags just so I can throw them away. ―too_if_by_see, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I can do amazing drifts, jumps and other things in racing games that I couldn't do in real life. Yet driving normally and keeping the car on the right side in those games is next to impossible. ―gustavfrigolit, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I can download a 1GB file from the other side of the world faster than I can transfer it to my USB stick. ―itsnotfun_dontdoit, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I can gather spit in my mouth and swallow it with no issue but the thought of spitting into a cup and swallowing it after is disgusting. ―maaaaackle, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I can go East or West forever, but if I go North I will eventually go South. ―P3t0r, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I can hold my breath for the rest of my life ―[deleted], Apr 2014
observations	sfw	I can kiss your lips, look into your eyes, but suddenly it's weird if I sniff your nose. ―Demihaze, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I can make up any TIL I want and then link a really long Wikipedia page and 99% of Redditors will never actually read the wiki but will assume the fact is true. ―CapedDebater, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I can never flirt with an attractive bank teller because she will always know how poor I really am ―GoldenHawk07, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I can only visualize a gallon in the shape of a milk jug. ―brain739, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I can post this here, and someone I've never met, seen, or even knew existed will most likely see this. ―ForeverNaynay, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	I can readily find videos of people being brutally beaten and murdered on youtube but if I use 30 seconds of a song my account gets terminated. ―t3hPoundcake, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I can search the entire Internet faster than I can search my computer ―HumanityZero, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I can send pictures of smiling poo, but I can't text in italics ―CaptainSomeGuy, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I can send someone a poop emoji, but I can't type a text with italics. ―PacifistToYourFace, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I can slowly feel myself getting older by how long I have to scroll down to find my birth year on website age gates. ―salad_dressing_dude, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I can spend $2 almost every day on my morning coffee and it's nothing but spending $0.99 on an app seems just outrageous. ―LTCEMT, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I can stream Netflix in 1080p HD all day but god forbid I try to load a GIF on imgur. ―ruxvtc, May 2016
observations	sfw	I can tell how productive I was, at work, by how much battery my cell phone has left when I leave. ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I can tell that I just Googled a stupid question when Yahoo Answers is one of the top hits. ―Apoplexy__, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I can tie a tie. I can fix my car. Youtube has replaced my father. ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I can transfer data from my brain to someone else's by opening my mouth and pushing air in their direction. ―reid0, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	I can't be the only one that is sick of pretending to be sad when a famous person that had no impact on my life dies. ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I can't be the only one who says "no it won't" out loud and hit the back button when a YouTube video says "your video will play after this ad." ―whatshisuserface, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I can't believe DC failed to make a story about a team of human convicts believable, but I never once questioned Marvel's gods from another world coming to earth and chilling with a dude who turns green when he gets upset. ―Regularoldballoon, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I can't believe Keith Richards outlived David Bowie. ―p_noid, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I can't believe a James Bond movie didn't come out in 2007 ―Mischlecht, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I can't believe breakfast cereal companies haven't come up with a better idea to close their damned cereal boxes. ―Noderoni, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I can't believe frying pans and pots don't have standardized detachable handles yet. One handle fits all, and storage would be so much easier. ―aussierob, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I can't believe that people with prosthetic limbs haven't gotten cool addons like a flashlight wrist or a laser finger. Or a taser hand. ―dudeguy_loves_reddit, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I can't decide if people who wear pyjamas in public have given up on life or are living it to the fullest. ―FourWordReplies, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I can't imagine fighting in armor. I feel uncomfortable just walking uphill in blue jeans ―BrighamDumb, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I can't look at a word without reading it ―kazg24, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I can't remember a single product I've seen advertised on Youtube. Not one. My brain registers the ad as an impediment to what it wants and immediately shifts my focus to something else until it's over. ―f0restry, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I can't remember the last time world peace was talked about except in a beauty competition. ―kefkaisgod45, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I can't submit anything on reddit because most subreddits want a minimum amount of karma. I can't get any karma because I'm not allowed to submit anything. This feels just like applying for jobs that demand work experience after studying ... ―troxlr, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I can't tell if I'm becoming more attractive or if I'm just getting used to how ugly I am. ―benitolecazzuto, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I can't think of a phrase with a more reverse impact than, "Calm Down". ―thatkidintomusic, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I can't wait for the wave of angry parents who took their kids to see the Deadpool movie without knowing what it is ―actually_crazy_irl, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I can't wait till 2020 so I can wear those New Year's Eve glasses and continuously make the joke about 20-20 vision. ―roobopp, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I can't wait till it's the future and the kid that got into the Harambe pit does an AMA ―coscorrodrift, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I can't wait until I'm 80 when I can be as lazy and worthless as I am now, but instead of being considered a loser people will be amazed that I can still smoke pot and play video games. ―yum_paste, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I cannot WAIT for the south park episode about Pokémon go. ―skittlebrew, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I cannot bother to watch a two hour movie on Netflix but I can binge-watch a show, where one episode is 50 minutes long. ―ubuntulive, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I cannot look at a word without reading it. ―Blooobins, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I cannot wait until I can pirate Lego sets from a 3D printer in the future. ―Hencley, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I cannot wait until a dental hygienist needs MY help with a computer. "Now, you know you haven't been backing up your data as frequently as you should, right?" ―Thefiveboxingwizards, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I care a lot about what my computer background is, but rarely ever look at it ―AceStudios10, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I choose my friends based on whether we hate the same things more than on whether we like the same things ―daKing333, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I close Reddit because I'm bored, But then instinctively open it back up because I'm bored ―Pure_Sellout, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I close Reddit when I get bored and then instinctively open Reddit because I'm bored ―ooazdog, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I consider the redditors that live in opposite time zones of me to be the night shift of reddit that always prepares content for me when I wake up. ―Marvelerful, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I correct autocorrect more than autocorrect corrects me. ―Fuzzy_lover_43, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I correct autocorrect more than autocorrect corrects me. ―convoces, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I correct autocorrect more than it corrects me. ―Farhanhm, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I correct autocorrect more than it corrects me. ―bobbyzee, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I correct autocorrect more times than autocorrect corrects me ―MentorNika, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I could be anyone and you'd have no idea ―classicnaturaler, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	I could be middle aged right now because I don't know when I'm going to die. ―[deleted], Mar 2014
observations	sfw	I could get 90% off a Bugatti and I still wouldn't be able to afford it. ―Jarmahent, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I could have a child and keep it off the grid if it's a home birthed child, never get it a birth certificate or fingerprinted and just keep its birth a secret, homeschool it, and it could be one of the most dangerous unidentifiable people in the world ―Your_Tyrant, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I could increase my productivity tenfold by changing the title of my to-do list to "Active Quests" ―LordNuggetIV, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I could post a pic of me winning a Nobel prize on instagram and still get less likes than a mildly attractive girl's picture of a bagel ―jac283, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I definitely used way more glue in the first five years of my life than I have in all the time since then. ―UllrRllr, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I didn't exist in your world until you started reading this sentence of mine ―roblon, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	I didn't know how many of my FB friends were experts on gorillas/zoo-keeping until this week. ―Shatnerwilliams, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I didn’t exist in your world until you started reading this sentence of mine. ―mystic1_wizard, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I do not know which is worse: to be present and your presence not acknowledged; or to be absent and your absence not felt. ―wizzconsin, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	I don't agree with "save the children first" mentality. It takes way less time to replace a 5 year old kid than it does a 40 year old. ―CynicismSells, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I don't appreciate the time that I don't have a cold nearly enough as I should. ―cynthiadangus, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I don't buy lotto tickets because I think I'll win, I buy it to grant myself access to day dream ―mwhaskin, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I don't get why people are upset we haven't invented hover-boards by 2015 when according to the same movie, we should've had a time machine back in in 1985. ―CIRCLJERK_REPOST_BOT, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I don't get why people are upset we haven't invented hover-boards by 2015 when according to the same movie, we should've had a time machine back in in 1985. ―iZacAsimov, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I don't have a headache. Thank goodness. You know, I never really appreciate not having a headache until I actually have a headache, so I should probably enjoy this moment ―Yuli-Ban, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I don't have a inner voice, I have 3 inner voices. One that says what I'm really thinking, one that calls me stupid for thinking that and one that tries to explain my point of view. ―oopleeaze, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I don't hit the snooze button to get a few more minutes of sleep. I hit the snooze button hoping in the next few minutes, something happens so I don't have to go to work. ―itsoutthere, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I don't know what the word irony means anymore because so many people keep using it incorrectly. Oddly enough I suspect that that's ironic but I have no clue. ―greengrasser11, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I don't like bumping into anyone I know in public because I hate jumping into character. ―Nymik, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I don't like the fact that my body can kill me. ―AuuD_, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I don't need to check Reddit every day - if I miss a popular post, I'll see it again in a few months. ―discard22616, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I don't need to order the Ronda Rousey fight. I'll just watch the gif right afterwards. ―C-dubbb, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I don't pay attention to usernames unless someone says "username checks out." ―watsonj3981, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I don't post links on reddit because all the interesting things I find on the Internet are on reddit. ―Psyworld, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I don't smoke cigarettes in my car or apartment because it's disgusting. I have more respect for my property than I do for my body. ―Washintonian, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I don't text or call people. I'm paying $70 a month to look at memes on the go. ―Predatormagnet, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I don't think I've ever confidently used a semicolon in my life. ―Hodorhohodor, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I don't think I've ever met anyone whose favourite colour is brown ―its_muri, May 2016
observations	sfw	I don't think the inventor of Twizzlers ever actually tasted a strawberry. ―redemeter, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I don't think we're thankful enough that the whole world agreed on the same units of time. ―Pasurojiti, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I don't trust people to genetically 'design' their child because I see what they do with character creation in games. ―Slimebeast, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I don't understand how, late into the zombie apocalypse when the zombies have lost a lot of weight, they aren't walking with their pants around their ankles and tripping all the time. ―comfortnuggets, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I don't understand the human race. People eat each other's assholes, but won't eat the end piece of bread in a bag ―MattyMcdaddy, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	I don't understand why some Christians promote abstinence as a form of birth control when it didn't even work for Mary. ―DirtyPineConeFeet, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I don't wish to be rich to have a bunch of fancy things, I wish to be rich so I don't have to worry about being poor. ―Spindrift27, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I dont know if jesus walked on water, but more recently ordinary people walked on the moon and I think thats more impressive. ―BenRayfield, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I don’t necessarily work ‘better under pressure’, I just literally will not work until I am under the extreme pressure of time constraints created by my own unnecessary procrastination. ―captainsquidshark, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I drank nothing but breastmilk for an entire year of my life and I still have no idea what it tastes like ―ECHovirus, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I drive a 71 beetle. All day long people get punched, because of me. ―rondo999, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I drive safer when there's food on my passenger seat than when there's a person sitting there. ―SinisterKid, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I exaggerate more than anyone in the world. ―tophcity31, May 2016
observations	sfw	I excelled at Algebra, Calculus, and Trigonometry in high school and college... 20 years later and I've never used any of it once and can't remember 99% of it. ―chainsawx72, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I feel bad for Eminem's ex-girlfriend Kim because the world only ever hears his very angry side of the story. ―[deleted], Oct 2013
observations	sfw	I feel bad for Justin Bieber. He has been to every Justin Bieber concert. ―Psylent0, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I feel bad for kids in the future that will grow up on Mars and never make enough money in their lives to visit Earth ―nuckingfuts73, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I feel like Frodo would have some serious PTSD picking out an engagement ring. ―useless_uterus, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I feel like I'm the charismatic leader of a cult my dogs are in. ―Grizzlyhorse, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I feel like a boss whenever i use an inside breast pocket on a jacket. ―tjpj1919, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I feel like a pimp taking my son around trick or treating, because I expect to get a percentage of that candy. ―jimsjadab, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I feel like being both a procrastinator and suicidal kinda just works itself out ―travis01564, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I feel like if Quentin Tarantino didn't start making movies, he would have become a serial killer. ―Madux37, May 2016
observations	sfw	I feel like the kind of person who might mess with Texas wouldn't be dissuaded by a bumper sticker. ―ReluctantRedditor275, May 2015
observations	sfw	I feel more disappointed in myself when I click on click bait than I do about almost any other everyday bad decision ―smizmarskwigelf, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I feel so stupid. It just clicked. "Ray-Bans" ban the sun's rays from your eyes... 28 years..... ―doctorwaiter, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	I feel uncomfortable calling someone from Mexico a "Mexican," or calling someone who follows Judaism a "Jew," even though they are technically correct terms, because assholes use those words as derogatory insults. ―cutethulu, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I find it funny how the first Netflix ads were aired on TV. It's like the the television networks assisted in their own homicide. ―ugottjon, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I find it hard to believe that absolutely EVERYbody was Kung fu fighting ―Slippery_Wet, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I find it so hard to think "sassy" or "rude" little children are cute. Because I know they are just mimicking their parents who are probably major assholes. ―Ennyui, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I gave up on Facebook for Reddit. Instead of a steady feed of nonsense that I don't want to read from people I know, I get a steady feed of stuff I do want to read from strangers. ―weirdmountain, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I gave up soda because it's unhealthy, but three or four nights a week, I consume alcohol that could severely damage my liver and see nothing wrong with it. ―FredVogel, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I get mild anxiety when I'm listening to the intro and I can't tell if it's going to be "Ice Ice Baby" or "Under Pressure" ―Symbiotic_Tragedy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I get oddly excited when my pee is clear and think "oh yea I'm so hydrated" ―handygoat, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I get oddly stressed when I see someone post a screen shot and their phone's battery is low. ―amee_saurus, May 2016
observations	sfw	I go on Facebook to see stupid comments from people I know and I go on Reddit to see smart comments from strangers. ―Dillathon, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I go on Reddit in the morning to see if there's anything serious happening in the world, because I know if I see "this tomato looks like a duck" on the front page- everything must be okay. ―DownvotesWanted, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I got hit by a train in my dream, and it woke me up. I got knocked conscious. ―walden1nversion, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I got married so that I could live with a girl who doesn't flirt with me but gets angry when other girls do. ―diapersauce, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I guess if I had to eat a person I would want them to be a vegetarian. I like irony and prefer grass fed beef. ―spimpweed, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I guess the moral of Willy Wonka is that 4/5 children are obnoxious and should just die. ―punkindrublicrpp, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	I guess today is officially the day that Charlie is in charge of Wonka. ―Jolly_Bones, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I had adblock on for so long that until today I didn't know reddit had ads. ―AreMemesAnInstrument, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I had blood drawn this morning. Later in the day I lost my virginity. My virgin blood still exists somewhere on earth, but it's not in me. ―Lfcjdp, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I had no involvement in your life at all until you read this sentence ―captainjoo, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I hate XP grinding in video games, yet I'm currently doing 5 years of college with plans to continue after I graduate. ―tsunami845, May 2016
observations	sfw	I hate any shampoo company that shapes their bottles in a way that makes it impossible to put them down upside down ―Cirabi, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I hate every shampoo company that shapes their bottles in a way that makes it impossible to put them down upside down. ―hjqusai, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I hate it when anyone looks at my computer screen without me asking them to, regardless of what's on it. ―MycoChemist, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I hate when I've spent the whole morning on the Internet and then I sit down to go to the bathroom and I realize I've read all of the things. ―THEDARKNIGHT485, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I hate when people ask me to "watch their stuff", like what if someone actually comes and tries to steal it? Do I have to fight them? I'm not ready. ―stauffenburg, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I hate when people say 'tuna fish' sandwich. I don't say I'm having a 'chicken bird' or 'beef mammal' sandwich. ―lddiamond, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I hate when people show me YouTube videos but love showing people YouTube videos ―TeflonDapperDon, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I have 10 million different personalities.. In my testicles. ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I have a Samsung. When I call my girlfriend at college, I'm calling from a Galaxy far, far away. ―TapiocaTuesday, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I have a fear that someone will break in my house while I'm pooping and I have to fight him without wiping. ―OystersClamssCockles, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I have a small tentacle in my mouth that helps me eat. ―verysneakypanda, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	I have a weird grudge against stingrays ever since one killed Steve Irwin. ―Land-Stander, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I have an undergrad degree in math. I wonder how far back in time I have to go to be considered the world's greatest mathematician ―pikindaguy, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I have arrived at the time in my life where 100$ is barely anything to receive, but way too much to give. ―Dreamlite, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I have been a pizza deliveryman for 72 hours. So far, exactly zero sexy babysitters have answered the door. I feel like I've been cheated, somehow. ―brokenimage321, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I have been burned more times by water than fire. ―akruckus, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I have been using Adblock for so long that I forgot YouTube even has ads. ―chrscoast, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I have just realized I have survived literally everything life has thrown at me so far. I have an 100% survival rate. ―allanni, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I have memorized all the digits of pi, I just don't know what order they're in. ―krrate, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I have more respect for someone with opposing views but an open mind than someone with the same views and a closed mind. ―midnightgold74, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I have never confused Digiorno pizza with delivery ―popdisaster00, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I have never ever stored any gloves in my car's glove compartment. ―qarlthemade, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I have never had a female pizza delivery person in my 27 years of life. ―jtsports27, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I have never heard a woman narrate a movie trailer. ―Prexmorat, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I have never heard a woman narrate a movie trailer. ―Williamjameis, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I have never in my life wanted to text ducking. ―timmy12688, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I have never liked, commented, or subscribed, just because a youtuber asked me to ―Rskingen, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I have never looked at a button, and thought it was cute. ―frostclark, May 2015
observations	sfw	I have never once hit the space bar while watching a YouTube video with the intention of scrolling halfway down the page ―unfinished_usernam, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I have never pressed the Shift key 5 times in short succession with the intention of activating Sticky keys. ―Imcando, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I have never put a suit in a suitcase ―_Wildcard_96, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I have never seen a Starbucks commercial of any kind. ―bradt08, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I have never seen a Starbucks commercial ―CrimsonGuardian, May 2015
observations	sfw	I have never seen a Starbucks commercial. ―MentalUtopia, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I have never seen a advertisement for Candy Corn. Ever ―pumpkin_seeds_, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I have never seen a plus sized male model ―infectedzombieguy, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I have never seen someone write the letter "a" with how it is shown in most fonts. I have only seen it written as "ɑ." ―Bruss48, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I have never told person 2 that person 1 said hello. ―High_as_red, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I have no idea what I've forgotten ―philly_jay, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	I have no idea where Puerto Rico is. ―Mr_Liu, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	I have no physical evidence that today is Sunday, I just take everyone's word for it that they've kept count since the first one ever. ―playitagainzak_, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I have no problem buying a single can ok Coke for $1, but I debate if the $5 for the 12 pack is really worth it ―lordtuto, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I have no problem letting my mouth fill with saliva, then swallowing it. If you asked me to spit into a clean glass and pour it back into my mouth, however, I'd probably vomit. ―JM1LZ, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I have no problems watching a 45 second gif on Reddit but balk at going to YouTube for a 10 second video ―DemWolverines, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I have no way of knowing how many things I've forgotten that I said I'll never forget. ―I_Am_Only_O_of_Ruin, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I have noticed that when all the lights are on, people tend to talk about what they are doing – their outer lives. Sitting round in candlelight or firelight, people start to talk about how they are feeling – their inner lives. ―saraboulos, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I have now gone from seeing a group of people at 3am and thinking, "Great another drug trade" to "Great another Pokémon Go group." ―IAmTilted, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I have so little faith in humanity I look both ways before crossing a one way road. ―Jarvisthejellyfish, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I have spent an entire day not seeing, hearing, looking after or cleaning up after kids. A day like this would be an unspeakable luxury if I had kids. ―actually_crazy_irl, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I have spent well over 120,000 hours wearing pants, and therefore according to Malcolm Gladwell I am a complete master of the subject. ―non_clever_name, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	I have successively pooped, going 500 mphs, in a chair, in the sky. ―TimboBiotchie, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I have the power to move things with my mind, but only while I'm holding them.﻿ ―CormacWasTaken, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I have twice as many ancestors as my Dad ―eruditeseattleite, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I have two boys. One of their penises resembles my own, the other doesn't. I can only surmise that that is what my wife's junk would look like if she were a man. ―[deleted], Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I have two cushions. My wife bought them. Their sole reason for existence is to throw the them on the bedroom floor at 11pm every evening. ―astraboy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I have visited Imgur countless times, yet never once have I purposefully gone to imgur.com for the sake of Imgur. ―cynicalGamzee, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I have won as many Oscars as Leonardo DiCaprio. ―porchguitar, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	I have yet to hear of an ovation that was of the non-standing variety. ―TheCreatorLovesYou, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I have yet to meet a gay couple named Adam and Steve ―jarizzle151, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I have yet to see absolute proof that I'm not immortal ―IceTwenty, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	I haven't been on Reddit nearly as much in the past week because I haven't been at work. ―RuSsYjO, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I haven't clicked "page 2" on my Google researches for years. ―king_hippo_423, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I haven't heard of any Bigfoot sightings in awhile. I hope he is ok ―a_cool_username_, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I haven't misspelled bananas in 10 years thanks to Gwen Stefani. ―marmot1101, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I haven't read a shampoo bottle since I got my first smartphone. ―gravybabies, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I haven't seen anyone complaining about the Starbucks cup. I've only seen people complaining about people complaining about the Starbucks cup. ―backseatcharles, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I haven't swam competitively since I was a sperm. ―FourWordReplies, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I haven't written the cent symbol (¢) since second grade math class. ―Filly14, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I hit snooze to find out how my dream ends, even though I was the one making it up ―GeekYogurt, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	I hope I never go to jail because I haven't memorized a phone number since 2001. ―[deleted], Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I hope I never go to jail. I haven't memorized a phone number since 2002. ―donniesf, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I hope I'm nowhere near a vibrator factory when the machines decide to rise up against the humans. ―Loudsilences, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I hope Jared Fogle gets fat again in prison. ―neuroeng, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I hope Leonardo DiCaprio wins an Oscar, because I am tired of hearing about Leonardo DiCaprio not winning an Oscar. ―MikeyDust, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I hope Steve Harvey doesn't announce the powerball numbers. ―Vladimir_Is_Pootin, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I hope The Simpsons is cancelled before any of the main voice actors die because a family death episode would be too weird ―bigshittytruckdriver, May 2016
observations	sfw	I hope boat engines are measured in seahorse power ―funkmessiah, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I hope fast food workers get their $15/hr wages so the cost of fast food will double and I will stop eating it. ―ryanplaya, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I hope my dog never realizes that I'm full of bones ―football_monkey, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I hope science never figures out how to make dogs talk. If my dog ever learns to talk, everyone will know my deepest darkest secrets in exchange for a slice of cheese or something. ―Ghostorex, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I hope that if Monica Lewinsky ever writes a memoir, she calls it "A Hard Bill to Swallow". ―ballou0254, May 2014
observations	sfw	I hope that when Donald Trump dies he gets cremated and the guy working the oven says "You're fired" and laughs. ―Toxic_Axon, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I hope that when my generation is elderly that we don't sit around and play canasta but have nightly super smash bros tournaments in our retirement homes. ―PM_ME_DUCKS, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I hope there is a special place is Hell for people who knock on bathroom doors then immediately attempt to open the door. ―jakeamus, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I hope they make 2 more Thor films so I can say at the cinema 'four for Thor 4 at 4' ―itskieran, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I hope tomorrow we all can wake up, have a normal day, and go home and go to bed. ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I imagine my browser eye-rolling everytime I open a new incognito tab ―Bennas15, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I imagine people in North Korea have an amazing view of the night sky. ―mmason3891, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I insult my best friend more than someone I hate. ―singh_sahil24, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I judge people for their "Only God Can Judge" tattoo. ―Banthrau, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I just ate 40 chicken wings. At least 10 chickens had to die for my single meal. ―NotJimIrsay, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I just got a book (made of tree) and put it in gift wrap (made of tree). Then I wrote a card in pencil (made of more trees) to put it in an envelope (another tree) and put it all under a goddamned TREE. ―BenjiBenjiB, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I just had a fajita wrap from Tim Hortons in New Jersey. That's Mexican food from a Canadian restaurant in the United States. I just ate North America. ―Sunuvamonkeyfiver, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I just looked at a picture of a brain and I was grossed out by it. My own brain doesn't like how it looks. ―pancakemaster16240, May 2014
observations	sfw	I just murdered a tree and put its decorated corpse on display in my living room. For Jesus. ―I_Say_I_Say, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I just now realized the connection between the words "timid" and "intimidate" ―Why--Not--Zoidberg, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I just procrastinated watching a TED talk on procrastination. ―jackhyde90, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I just read the word "emerged" out loud as "ermehgerd." Memes have ruined me. ―machobeef, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I just realized "discovered" is the negative form of "covered" ―Piratebay12, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I just realized I haven't seen a single Guy Fawkes mask today. Good job everyone ―Kilomega, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I just realized I prefer Reddit to Facebook. This means I'm more interested in what strangers have to say, rather than my friends. ―cats_lasers_reddit, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I just realized I'm a "service human" for my rescue dog with ptsd. ―Youandmcgregor, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I just realized I’ve survived everything I’ve ever encountered in life. I have a 100% survival rate over everything ever. ―zagreus9, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I just realized Justin Bieber is Canadian and his most popular song is, "Sorry." ―BrianGossling, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I just realized how absurd the rotating license plates on James Bond's car are. Are we supposed to think that he could switch plates and become lost among all the other silver Aston Martin DB5s? ―gbwilliams369, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I just realized it's called the Mediterranean sea because it's in the middle of all that land. ―Shoelace_Farmer, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I just realized that "homeowner" has "meow" in the middle of it and now I can't stop reading it as "ho-meow-ner". ―noruthwhatsoever, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I just realized that being the dungeon master for your group of friends sounds very different to someone who has never heard of D&amp;D before ―johnymyth123, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I just realized that dog toys have squeakers to simulate an animal making dying sounds. ―forestfire55, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I just realized that my son's first birthday party will also be his first surprise party since there's NO WAY he's expecting it. ―themightygresh, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I just realized that watching magic tricks is basically like when you're playing with your dog and you pretend to throw the ball. I am the dog. ―krayzeek, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I just realized that when I got clothes for Christmas as a kid from grandma, it wasn't a gift for me but for my broke mom ―BucketheadRules, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I just realized that whenever I hear a "... walk into a bar" joke, Ive been picturing the same bar my whole life. I wonder if it exists somewhere or if its just a mesh of different bars I saw on tv as a kid. ―forgotaboutsteve, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I just realized the phrase "honk if you're horny" is a pun about horns. ―trashconverters, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I just realized there hasn't been any big 'End of The Whole World' hype this year good job everyone ―Concani, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I just realized today on the beach that sand is called sand because it's between the sea and land ―kiloquarter, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	I just realized today’s date 2016.10.2 is a palindrome, which is the same when you read it forward and backward. ―Squaremino1, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I just texted myself something to remember it later. I'm so lazy that I sent data to space, bounced it off a satellite, and got it back rather than picking up a pencil and writing it down. ―lma0ik0u, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I keep my condoms in the same nightstand drawer as my gun. I have protection from every type of human in that drawer, from the unborn to the undead. ―Meepster23, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I kind of hope that one day in the future our recorded history gets lost or distorted to the point that the events of the Lord of The Rings are somehow misinterpreted to have actually happened long ago. ―sonofmog, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I know I'm getting old, because I don't know how Twitter, Instagram, or Snapchat work, and I'm okay with that. ―hellslave, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I know more about WWII, which happened 50 years before I was born, than I do about the war Iraq War, which happened while I was alive ―joeykip, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I know more people whose lives were ruined as a result of World of Warcraft than as a result of smoking pot ―Fuquawi, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I know more people whose lives were ruined as a result of World of Warcraft than as a result of smoking pot ―[deleted], Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I know my way around the Grand Theft Auto maps way better than I do the city I've lived in for the last 20 years. ―suntzu4u, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I like Reddit because I feel like I'm having conversations with minds and thoughts, not profile pictures and "look what I'm doing." Thanks for being you, Reddit. ―new_word, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I like Reddit better than Facebook because at least the idiots on Reddit are anonymous. ―ijui, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I like Reddit more than Facebook, and I don't even know the people on Reddit. ―PathToNowhere, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I like how Pitbull announces his name at the beginning of his songs so I can change the radio station ―kittenmitttons, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I like how the term “as f*ck” is a common unit of measurement. ―CruiseWeld, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I like reading comments because it's like a conversation between people, but it's not weird if I just listen and don't add anything. ―Non_Tompos_Mentis, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I like to go to self checkout because it doesn't judge me. ―ChubZilinski, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I like to imagine that Satan has this adorable goat pen out back where he lovingly tends to all the goats that have been sacrificed to him. ―freeflyrooster, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I like to think money wouldn't change me; yet when I'm winning Monopoly I'm a terrible person. ―aliendogfishman, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I literally cannot come up with a better business partnership than putting McDonalds in Walmart ―CockOfTheRock, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	I live alone with a cat. The most used word in my home is probably "meow". ―-Xtopher-, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I live closer to space than to Asia ―Halvguden, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I live in Colorado, I bought pot on my credit card. Wells Fargo fronted me an eighth. Thank you Wells Fargo. ―tracyav54, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I live in a country where millionaires and the unemployed are likely to have the same phone. ―SlyStallonesForearms, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I live in a modest 1 bed/bath apartment. To me it's small, but for insects that find their way in, it is akin to the Mines of Moria, huge and cavernous and unfamiliar architechure. And my cat is like the Balrog. ―jabba_teh_slut, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I live in a society where it's socially acceptable to say "I'm so hungry I could eat a horse", but it's not actually socially acceptable to eat a horse. ―Serendippity18, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I live in an era where I'm actually more surprised to hear that two parents are still together than I am to hear that they're divorced ―HanakoOF, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I live in the U.K. My local pub has been a pub longer than America has been a country. ―addison92, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I live the same way I play RPGs, I ignore the main questline and mess around doing side quests ―platypus_stalker, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I look both ways before crossing a one way street. That's how much faith I have left in humanity. ―beete17, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I love being alone, but I hate feeling alone ―LiveAndLetTrade, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I love how literal the word "fireplace" is. ―Dalemaunder, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I love how stars are billions of miles apart and we're like "that's a soup ladle". ―[deleted], Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I love how stars are billions of miles apart and we're like "that's a soup ladle". ―o2lsports, May 2015
observations	sfw	I love how television has redefined the word 'marathon' to the exact opposite of physical exercise ―insomniaca, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I love listening to someone knowledgeable talk about a hobby I have no knowledge of. It reminds me how of much unnoticed complexity exists right beneath the surface of every aspect of life. ―salty914, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I love sleep because it's like a time machine to breakfast. ―pinkpizza, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I love that John Krasinski is the voice of esurance - Jim from The Office is endorsing a company that, literally, limits the need for paper... ―JP_Leigh, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I manage my money in a game better than I do in real life. ―testglass, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I may go through my whole life with an allergy without ever knowing what it is ―Crazycraggle, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I may not be 2016 healthy, but I’m 1816 healthy. ―CourtneyClaire, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I measure my day's productivity by the amount of phone battery remaining when I leave work. ―drumdude0, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I might have ejaculated a genius. ―chameleonito, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	I miss being able to sit up without making sound effects. ―telephototulip, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I miss being the age I was when I thought I'd have it all together by the age I am now. ―RedKnight47, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I miss the days when bottle caps told you explicitly if you were a winner or not. ―HOT_BLACK_CLAM, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I mock girls for having 100 outfits and "nothing to wear", when I have 100 video games and nothing to play. ―[deleted], Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I mostly use my driver's license to buy stuff that impairs my ability to drive. ―mozezus, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I must live 16 hours from the most interesting people on earth, because every time I want to post a reply to an interest thread it is 16 hours old and my comments never get seen. ―ecnarongi, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I need self-tinting glasses, which get darker the longer someone talks to me. ―bildschirmspiel, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I never actually scrub my feet, I just walk around on the soapy water and it's been fine so far.. ―jbro12345, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I never appreciate how painless it is to swallow until I have strep. ―averagejoegreen, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I never burn bridges; I just fail to maintain them, and let them structurally degrade over time. ―Ayyesh, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I never look at someone's username on Reddit unless someone comments "Username checks out" ―JustSomeSchoolFags, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I never read someone's username until somebody points out how ridiculous it is ―PM_ME_YOUR_PANINIS, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I never realised how great having no food allergies is. I can go to the store and literally buy anything without having to check the ingredients. ―FlandreHon, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I never realize how dirty a song is until I listen to it with my parents around. ―MOISTbucketFART, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I never realize how explicit my music is until my parents hear it in the car. ―sms1234, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I never realized I farted so much till I started dating. ―FloopyDoopy, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I never realized how short a month is until I started paying rent ―ladyoboe, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I never realized how short a month is until I started paying rent. ―Storytellerbobfan, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I never realized what phenomenal aim Ash Ketchum has with a Pokeball until I missed hitting a Pidgey 5 times. ―boredman4, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I never see the FBI anti-piracy warnings anymore because most of the movies I watch are pirated. ―tylerdanger, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I never understood how people could kill their loved ones over money or property until I played Monopoly. ―StatVortex, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I never understood straight men disliking gay men. Not only do they leave more women for you, they take another dude out with them! ―lipkowano, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I notice i'm getting older because famous people are getting younger. ―iusedtolikepokemon, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I now feel the same way when I see "starring Kevin Hart" in a movie trailer as I do when I see "starring Adam Sandler" ―Moldeyawsome12, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I now identify more with the bus driver yelling at kids to sit down than the kids who think she's crazy. ―[deleted], Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I occasionally still catch myself thinking 'when I grow up I'm going to...', then I remember that I'm in my 30s with a wife and child, a house, car, job... ―Mish106, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I often google how to spell a word before I correct someone for spelling it wrong, to make sure I'm right. ―DJS_88, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I often sit down at my desk in front of my $1200 custom built PC and browse Reddit on my iPhone. ―littlespoon22, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I often wonder how many memories I am in. ―Chess87, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I once logged out of MySpace unaware of the fact I'll never sign back in ―antiheromcr, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I only charge my phone when I sleep. My phone's battery level reflects my own battery level. ―apairofgaloshes, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I only ever feed my kids dark chocolate. They think chocolate is gross and they never ask for it. ―MortyDazzler, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I only ever wear my black suit to funerals. I own clothes that hang in my closet, waiting for someone to die. ―aBuddhistProdigy, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I only have left two minutes to live, but that clock resets every time I take a breath. ―Reign_Wilson, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I only just now realize in my life that Uncle Sam stands for U.S. ―SCHLONG_BREATH, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I only just realised Bill from Pokemon who invented the PC is a reference to Bill Gates. ―coekzeru, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I only refer to flavors of Gatorade by their colors. ―whatamafu, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I only write etc. because i dont know more examples. ―Arnee_me, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I owed blockbuster late fees. My game plan of waiting them out worked. ―wegotseoul, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I pay $5 for a coffee but not $0.99 for an app ―rprandi, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I pay such little attention to usernames on Reddit, that for all I know, the same five or ten people post every single thing. ―willdoe17, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I play the Sims to escape reality and live impossible fantasies—like having a house and job. ―MeganCool, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I posts on reddit because my real life friends don't reply as quickly as you guys ―babajaja, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I prefer nightmares. I wake up from bad dreams relieved, because I know they're not real; I wake up from good dreams disappointed, because I know they're not real. ―RedBeardedWhiskey, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I prefer random Redditors to facebook friends I know. ―Famixofpower, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I prefer reading dumb comments on Reddit rather then Facebook because I don't feel sad that my friend are so stupid ―picklewhisky, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I probably don't know that you exist. ―almosteeen58, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	I probably live more comfortably than kings and queens in the distant past. ―BreatheMyStink, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I procrastinate because I am stressed. I am stressed because I procrastinate. ―meflou, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I procrastinate way too much on reddit when i should be playing computer games ―twelvedogs, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I raise this glass to all unknown time travelers that saved this world numerous times with no credit for it. ―showerexpert, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I rarely need to comment on reddit because the hive mind usually expresses my thoughts for me ―cokeflu, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I read in a TIL that "huh?" was the only universal word. That means the only word everyone can understand is a sign of misunderstanding. ―SpyDBM, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I read through /r/nosleep yesterday and realized that terrible things only happen to people with excellent storytelling skills. ―InconspicuousD, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I realise now that when adult's occasionally didn't reply to something i said when i was young, it wasn't because they didn't hear me, it's because i said something stupid. ―neutrns13, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I realized my friends have reached maturity since I can leave my Facebook open without them posting "I am gay" as my status. ―cantyouseeimblind, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I really feel like FarmersOnly.com would have been much more effective if they named it efarmony instead ―Toppen1, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I really feel like I'm doing toilet paper a favor when I use it to blow my nose. ―mystic1_wizard, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I really feel that if Subway had any balls, they would start using the hashtag #blackolivesmatter. ―harleyeaston, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I really hope Jeff Dunham carefully invested all that money from the 8 months when everyone thought he was funny. ―Naznarreb, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I really hope THIS isn't the alternate universe where Trump becomes president. ―rharrison, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I really like the thought of going to a city where nobody knows my name or anything about me ―ykr3Bz, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I really miss snapping my flip-phone shut ―margaret_thacher, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I really need a day in between Saturday and Sunday. ―the_dying_punk, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I really want marijuana to be legal, but only because I'm tired of grading terrible student papers about how marijuana should be legalized ―kidneys_included, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I really wish my male pattern baldness would start with my armpits and shoulders. ―true_spokes, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I really wish there was a better way to meet your favourite celebrity other than having cancer. ―HarrySeverusPotter, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I recently came to the startling conclusion I will probably never ride a giraffe in my lifetime. ―Serialnarcisist, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I recognize click bait almost every time, but still want to know what that child celebrity looks like today. ―jeego82, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I remember my math teacher telling me i wouldn't be able to carry a calculator with me all the time. ―kyle7575, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I replaced facebook with reddit and my life has been way better! ―yoloswagto, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I saved the most on Black Friday, by not buying a single thing. ―Ohh_Babbayyy65, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I see a post about a new breakthrough with curing cancer almost everyday but I never hear about it again later. ―KidsPlayTennis, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I see kids at my college driving $60,000 cars yet earlier today I used quarters to buy gas. ―TheFatherload, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I see no point of labeling a public bathroom by gender when only one person can use it at a time. ―Dwac821, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I see the Google logo everyday, but I don't know which letter is which color. ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I seriously can't remember what I did when I was bored before I found Reddit ―Hardened_Midget, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I served Kevin Bacon in a restaurant once. Everyone I've ever met since then is at minimum two degrees of separation from Kevin Bacon ―Whywouldireally, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I share my random thoughts with strangers because my family members won't care about them. ―singh_sahil24, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I should ask my barber where he gets his hair cut, then go there and slowly make my way up the chain until I find THE GREATEST BARBER IN THE WORLD...or perhaps just a bald dude. ―TheGubbins, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I should be reimbursed for the data ads use. ―liberprim, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I should buy some weird stuff and hide it in my attic so my grandkids have cool stuff to post in Reddit in the future. ―daash, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I should call one digit away from my number and introduce myself to my phone neighbors ―Moirebass, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I should find the one joke that makes an Alzheimer's patient laugh the hardest and then repeat it to him every single day. ―duneboggler, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	I should flip my tinder profile pic upside down, so that when people turn their phones, they're swiping the wrong direction... ―2928387191, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I should get a tattoo of a QR code, so if somebody finds my body and scans it, they'll be Rickroll'd. ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I should get a tattoo of a QR code, so if somebody finds my body and scans it, they'll be Rickroll'd. ―drain65, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I should get out soon or I will be late for work. ―officialimguraffe, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	I should have grown my hair really long in my 20's, then cut it off and saved it for use in a custom toupee now that I'm older and bald. ―MelAlton, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I should invest in gorilla suits now before the Halloween rush hits. ―totosushi, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I should name my cat "meow" so it could introduce itself ―crazymoon, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I should secretly learn a foreign language so that on the off chance I have brain surgery, I can freak people out when I wake up by only speaking it instead of English. ―CanadianDaryl, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I should start a Chik-Fila black market operating only on Sundays ―drtrillphill, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I should start a band that does country versions of U2 songs and call it Y'all2. ―jayceay, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I should start a deliver company where hooters girls deliver your food, and call it "Knockers" ―Jaywoah, May 2013
observations	sfw	I should start a magazine called Alzheimer's weekly where the same magazine is published every week. ―wubbbalubbadubdub, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I should start a magizine called alzhiemers weekly were the same magizine is published every week. ―pm_your_huge_chode, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I should theoretically be able to tell my girlfriend, an identical twin, that her sister is bangin'. ―BabyBelugas, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I sit at work in front of a computer all day just to afford to sit at home in front of a computer all night. ―5undo, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I smile at dogs more than I smile at humans. ―hollidaychh, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I sometimes wonder how many kilometers I've scrolled on my phone ―masterdebatorsquad16, May 2015
observations	sfw	I spend 1% of the time feeling confident and the other 99% trying to figure out how to get that feeling back. ―Third_Redditor_Ever, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I spend more time at the place that pays me than I do at the place I pay for. ―Abrahammer4, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I spend more time staring at my speedometer to make sure I'm not speeding in a school zone than actually watching for children in the street ―stagnantgorillafart, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I spend so much time alone if I was ever falsely accused for a crime I would never have an alibi. ―Sunshinelolliepops, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I spent 4 minutes watching a video of dogs chasing their tails thinking how easily amused they are, then I realized I spent 4 minutes watching dogs chase their tail. ―flipsideCREATIONS, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I spent my early 20's trying to get new games to play on old computers and I spent my late 30's trying to get old games to play on new computers ―CIRCLJERK_REPOST_BOT, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I spent my early 20's trying to get new games to play on old computers and I spent my late 30's trying to get old games to play on new computers ―credible_hulk, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I spent my whole childhood wishing I was older. Now I'm older... and it sucks. ―Tenselevel, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I spent seven hours vividly hallucinating then I woke up and ate the meat of other animals for energy, now i'm going to do something I don't want to for eight hours for pieces of paper. ―Dirtyuniform, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I started to use reddit 6 months ago, and now I can't remember how I used to use Internet before reddit. ―berutto, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I still can't believe the Seahawks didn't run the ball. ―BenRoberto, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I still find driving crazy. We trust complete strangers going 50 miles per hour driving 3000 pound machines not to hit us, with the only thing separating us is yellow paint on the road. ―kaypmger, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I still use my college ID to get two dollars off movie tickets 15 years after graduating. So, if i see 10,000 movies my diploma will have pretty much paid for itself! ―germsburn, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I swallow my own saliva hundreds of times a day, but the idea of spitting into a cup and drinking it makes me gag. ―CrumbledFingers, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I swear I came up with 'the floor is lava' game but apparently so did everyone else. ―postymcpostpost, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I talk to my dog and she talks to me, yet we will go our entire lives literally not knowing a single word that was said. ―21CharactersIsntEnou, May 2013
observations	sfw	I text "hahaha" when I am actually laughing while reading a message, and "lol" when something is only mildly amusing. Weird. ―pickledpineapple, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I think ELY5 would be vastly more entertaining, albeit less informative, than ELI5 ―PeterM76, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I think I take it way too much for granted that the internet's 'primary language' is English ―victoryspin, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I think Mad Max would have avoided a lot of trouble over several movies had he just invested in a sand colored tarp to cover his car. ―melvintoast, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I think North Korea just announces a bomb test every time they have an earthquake. ―WippitGuud, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I think Samsung research team misunderstood when their customers said they needed a "Lighter" phone. ―coolidiot2000, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I think a good response to "you don't take criticism well" is "You're probably right, thanks for the feedback." ―tenebris_spiritus, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I think a lot of the conflict in the Wild West could've been avoided had architects designed their towns big enough for everybody. ―leviathannTV, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I think eating a steak after a workout is the most savage thing ever. You're eating an animal's muscle to basically steal its strength. ―Landonraster, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I think if I ever got crazy rich, I would hide it from my kids until they're 21 or so. Then once they finish college I'm like "We're actually stupid rich. I just wanted you to have a normal upbringing." I feel like they would turn out way more successful. ―crabcakes38, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I think it would be funny when our kids turn 5 to tell them if they lie or misbehave their teeth will start falling out ―The_boo_boo_Monkey, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I think more people are prepared for a Zombie apocalypse or alien invasion than their own retirement. ―Fred__Garvin, May 2016
observations	sfw	I think of all you people as my minions working hard to find funny and interesting things for me on the internet. ―TheOmegaMale, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I think of public toilets as dirty but really they get cleaned far more frequently than my toilet at home. ―buzzjimsky, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I think that NSFW tags are useless on this sub because most of the posts don't have anything beside title anyway. ―Maroshitsu, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I think that every time a single sock goes missing, it shows up as an extra Tupperware lid. ―thekingofmeh, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I think that if instead of our taxes being deducted from our paychecks we received a detailed invoice of services provided and a big bill at the end of the year - everyone would be a bit more mindful of how the government spent our money. ―Phister_BeHole, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I think the Wicked Witch kept the flying monkeys around to mask her terrible smell since she could never shower. ―RumoredToBeGreat, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I think the final episode of Sunny in Philadelphia should be "Dennis kills the gang" ―SparkyDogPants, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I think the first person to have a mohawk hairstyle was just trying to even up his sideburns and got carried away ―ottguy42, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I think the phrase "in the closet" should be changed to "keeping a straight face" ―darthtate, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I think the term "bodybuilder" should be used to describe a pregnant woman. ―AdamSullivan, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I think the worst part about a break up isn't the loneliness; it's knowing there is someone out there who knows how incredibly weird you are that you no longer trust. ―SaidTheMoose, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I think we can all agree that Neil Armstrong, the first person to walk on the Moon, was not a werewolf. ―phish_tacos, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I think we should launch flat-earthers into orbit. Not so they see the earth, just so they are gone. ―Laez, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I thought I made up "the floor is lava." It never occurred to me that every child knows what it is. ―LtSully, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I totally understand how batteries feel because I'm rarely ever included in things either. ―you_irl, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I treat my body in a way that proves I have 100% confidence in medical science being able to fix ANY medical problem by the time I'm 50. ―24h00, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I trust Google's search result algorithm relevancy so much that if what I'm looking for in a search result doesn't appear I assume it doesn't exist. ―firefightersquirrel, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I trust Snapple facts more than CNN and Fox News. ―GoodRighter, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I trust a lot of people not to kill me every day ―scrotalobliteration, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I trust the world so little, I look both ways when crossing a one-way sreet. ―aceofspadez4790, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I turned 18 a half hour ago, I've spent 100% of my adult life on reddit. ―foresstguy, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I turned 40 today. My late father used to tell me, "I'll tell you when you're 40." Today would have been a good day. ―iam40, May 2015
observations	sfw	I use Twitter to talk to people I wish I knew, Facebook to talk to people I wish I didn't know, and Reddit to talk to people I don't know ―Grammor___Natsee, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I use my mobile phone more when I'm at home than I do when I'm mobile. ―ohjerm, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I use the "Parents Guide" section on imdb to see if a film is suitable to watch with my parents ―acertainbr0mance, May 2016
observations	sfw	I use the app "Reddit is fun" so much I can barely navigate Reddit on my computer ―RockLeePower, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I used hola unblocker to watch Argo on the Canadian Netflix. I was an American who had to pretend to be Canadian to watch a movie about Americans who have to pretend to be Canadians making a movie. ―veritate_valeo, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I used to be a man in a woman's body. ―Peefy, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I used to be scared of dentists because of the pain, now I'm scared of dentists because of the cost. ―elena984, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I used to be the youngest person alive ―Flinggo, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I used to have to watch my swearing because i was a kid amongst adults. Now i have to watch my swearing because I'm an adult amongst kids. ―improcrastibating, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I used to laugh at the movie Office Space, now I just get sad at how accurately it reflects my work life ―Jak_o_the_Shadow, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I used to look at my Grandfather carving with a knife and thought he was a master carpenter. He'd look at me with a computer and think I was a software engineer ―thwappy, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I used to set up a SINGLE song downloading on limewire OVERNIGHT and bask in the glory of it the next day, now if I click a gif link that doesn't load within a couple of seconds I cancel it and move on. ―Fatchine, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I used to take breaks from work to read Reddit, now I take breaks from Reddit to do work. ―flightofthenochords, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I used to think I could control ducks with my mind. But then I realized that ducks and I have very similar ideas about what ducks should do. ―trillstarrmafia, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I used to think I wasn't good at anything. Then I realize that I'm really good at making posts that no one likes. ―terribly_uncreative, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I used to think setting a passcode was to keep strangers out of your phone, but really it's to keep your friends out. ―sammylp250, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I used to think women wouldn't date me because they are shallow. Now I realize they don't date me because I'm not interesting, funny, attractive, or have any other admirable qualities really. ―Pepperman94, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I usually end up ignoring the featured links on Google even if they are exactly what I'm looking for ―art_-vandelay, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I usually take two poops a day at work, around 5 minutes each. I work 6 days a week. I get paid 13 dollars an hour. I poop for 1 hour a week. There are 52 weeks in a year. I make $676 dollars a year solely by pooping. ―LargeKidWithAIDS, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	I wake up an hour early nearly every morning just to take a series of 10 minute power naps. ―OlStickInTheMud, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wake up to a cup of coffee and browse Reddit every morning. I'm the modern day grandpa with his daily newspaper. ―HoldDaCheese, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I want MythBusters to melt steel beams with jet fuel. ―Alaskanmade, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I want Taylor Swift to date Eminem, and then to break up, just to listen to these two's dis songs towards each other. ―scriblet123, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I want a bumper sticker that says "I was once an honor student too. This is your child's future." This should look good on the back of my broken down 2000 Honda Civic. ―dmillzilla, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I want my kid's middle name to be "Withawhy" just to mess with people's spelling. ―Tape2Tape, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I want somebody to flush a camera down the toilet while recording and uploading the journey it takes through all the pipes on Youtube ―EtrainFilmz, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	I want to believe that the sperm that became Michael Phelps out swam all of the other sperm by a mile. ―you_ni_dan, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I want to get a parrot and train it to say "I've been turned into a parrot" ―MacariusWrench, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I want to hear my native language as a foreign language ―Rqwt, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I want to live in Bikini Bottom. A place where you can afford a decent house on a single fast food employee's wage. ―Falco_Columbarius, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I want to live in a world where it's possible to listen to YouTube AND lock my phone ―DonnyTheBowler, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I want to live my life in such a way that I'll end up in a Google Doodle. ―Rigamix, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I want to make a store like Best Buy, except it's a grocery store, and we only sell items that are close to expiring. I will call it, Best by: ―jmoore12629, May 2015
observations	sfw	I want to salute all the hungry humans who died figuring out what was and wasn't edible ―the_outer_reaches, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I want to see Bear Grylls survive living in San Francisco for a month on minimum wage ―helpprogram2, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I want to see a hydraulic press crushed by a bigger hydraulic press. ―the_lock, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I want to see a movie where machines gain intelligence and go to war with humanity, only to be defeated when some guy deletes a single semi-colon from their code. ―Zorigami, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I want to see a show like Drunk History, but High Science. Neil deGrasse Tyson and Bill Nye smoking a blunt just going on and on about space. ―Joshoowuh, May 2015
observations	sfw	I want to see an action movie in which Tom Cruise defects from a cult, and then gets revenge on the leadership who would threaten his family ―hyperjumpgrandmaster, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I want to start a creative writing class for convicts and call it, "Prose and Cons" ―gamartin45, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	I want to start a major software company called "Orange," just so when I get compared to Steve Jobs, I can say, "Woah, now. You're just comparing Apples to Oranges, here." ―SolidCactus27, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I want to throw a party where everyone dresses in coveralls, wears big headlamps and smears soot on their faces. Then someone will call the cops and reports a party with "a bunch of miners drinking alcohol." ―NotThtPatrickStewart, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I was always annoyed as a child when adults said, "pokemans." Now, as an adult, I am annoyed by children who say, "pokemans." ―im_probably_tripping, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I was born Dec 31st. The world counts the seconds until my birthday is over, then parties because it's ended. ―Freadan, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I was born breech (legs first) so for a brief moment of my life I wore my mum as a hat.... ―JR_1988, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I was dead for 13 billion years before I was born, and that wasn't so bad. ―greatm31, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I was illegally downloading movies on my house boat... when I realized I was pirating on a boat! ―KevinSaw, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I was joking about inventing button-up tank tops for formal occasions. Then I realized, they're called Vests. ―[deleted], Sep 2014
observations	sfw	I was much better at being myself when I was a kid. ―telephototulip, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I went from being told 'You are too young to understand' to 'you are old enough to know better' without being told when it happened. ―getsome73, May 2014
observations	sfw	I will be remembered by less people than a gorilla when I die ―mourato, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I will be the last person to die in my lifetime ―myfajahas400children, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	I will be the last person to die in my lifetime. ―NakedBeauty38, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I will be thoroughly disappointed if the first human born on Mars isn't named Marvin. ―mwhaskin, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I will be very disappointed if the first human born on Mars isn't named Marvin. ―flyingjeff, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I will consider myself an adult when I can consistently and correctly cook the amount of pasta I need to eat ―MrGrayandPink, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I will drink hot coffee, I will drink iced coffee, but I will dump room temperature coffee down the drain. ―PerhapsAlaska, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I will live forever or die trying ―Astalapista, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I will live to see the terms "the 20s", "the 30s", "the 40s", "the 50s", "the 60s", and "the 70s" have new meanings. ―subterraneantea, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	I will never be able to seriously google, "Can jet fuel melt steel beams?" and look for a real, scientific analysis of the question. ―Shiverpool, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I will never know true disappointment like the first people did when they found the ocean and tried to drink it. ―moseybjones, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I will not rest until I find a cure for my insomnia﻿ ―RicknMorty93, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I will one day flip through my kid's school history book and find it strange to have been alive during some of its chapters ―QrtJester, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I will only trust a napkin if it's in a stack ―[deleted], Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I wish Chris Farley was alive to have done Rob Ford skits for SNL. ―Wrekt_, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I wish Facebook had a "People You Should Delete" section instead of "People You May Know" so I could conveniently clean up my friends list. ―morethanagame03, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I wish I could enjoy sleeping, while asleep. ―Elasticbunny, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I wish I could meet everyone born at the exact same time as I was and compare each of our lives up to this point. ―trance_lovers, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I wish I could psychically communicate with bugs so I could tell them I'm just trying to catch them and put them outside and they'd freaking cooperate. ―jnb64, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I wish I could see a slow-mo replay of all the times I unknowingly almost died ―Land-Stander, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I wish I could see all of the pictures I've accidentally been in the background of. ―TheDero, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I wish I could send Star Wars spoilers to Martin Shkreli since he didn't get to see it last night. ―shefoundnow, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I wish I could swipe away content I've seen so that it doesn't reappear on my homepage of the reddit app. That way I wouldn't have to keep seeing the same thing over and over every time I start the app ―halaahaa, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I wish I could switch how I feel in the morning and the night, so when I wake up it feels like there's no way I could go back to sleep and when I go to bed I fall asleep the second I close my eyes. ―Wakington, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wish I could temporarily hide photos on my phone in case someone decides to swipe left or right. ―TheJoker93, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I wish I could unlearn English for one day so I could hear how it sounds without meaning ―notdunst, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	I wish I could wipe current thoughts from my mind like I can close running apps on my phone. ―ChristineAllman, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I wish I could wipe current thoughts from my mind like I can close running apps on my phone. ―PotatorAid, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wish I had a Mario Kart-like ghost of myself punctually getting ready for work in the morning so I'd know if I was running late. ―OMGGGEEEE, May 2014
observations	sfw	I wish I had a Mario Kart-like ghost of myself punctually getting ready for work in the morning so I’d know if I was running late. ―seemarakesh, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I wish I had a USB port in my belly button so I could charge my phone with the excess calories from beer ―emerty, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I wish I was as fat as the first time I thought I was fat ―whatsaphoto, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I wish I was as skinny as the first time I thought I was fat. ―BananaSunshineTurtle, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I wish Jon Stewart would just do a one-hour The Monthly Show with Jon Stewart. Even if its from his living room and he's wearing sweatpants. ―dudeman_chino, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I wish Netflix and Hulu would tell you how many people at that moment are watching the exact same thing as you. ―jackieeeohhh, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wish Reddit had a counter of how many times I've clicked "reply", started typing, then realized I don't actually care enough about the topic at hand to get in a multi-hour debate with OP/OC. ―SWFK, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I wish Spotify had a 'never play this song again' option. ―garrettbtm22, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I wish Tabasco had a fine mist spray top, instead of a single hole that scatters splooches of flavor patches on my eggs. ―Convincing_Lies, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I wish The Cure would send cease and desist letters to the Susan G. Komen Foundation ―despalicious, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I wish Trey Parker had the time to do a Randy Marsh podcast. I feel like I'd love to listen to Randy interview celebrities and talk current events for some reason. ―mikenice1, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I wish at the end of our life we get a grand total of all our body's stats: Miles of hair we grew, gallons we peed, liters of blood we pumped, pounds we crapped, words we spoke, miles our texting thumb scrolled, etc. ―theolo90, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I wish everything was as easy as getting fat ―Juuhonber, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I wish fat was like muscle; if you don't use it, you lose it. ―budearl, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I wish i could just like a text so i didn't have to respond ―sparcs89, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I wish life had a Koopa flying around in a cloud like Mario Kart, that would tell me when I'm going in the wrong direction ―Aj4y, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	I wish movies and shows had a separate volume level for vocals, special effects, and music, like video games. ―steelste, May 2016
observations	sfw	I wish my car had a second horn that was just a little friendly noise to let the car in front of me know the light is green. ―JLive23, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I wish my car had two horns. One for "thank you" and one for "I hate you" ―Pnadd50, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I wish my life was exciting enough to warrant buying a Go-Pro. ―nostalgianewbie, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I wish netflix would sort out holiday episodes so I can binge on them during their respective seasons. ―Falco_Columbarius, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I wish people offered me weed as much as my health teacher said they would. ―kingqueefsalot, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I wish people randomly offered me weed as often as middle school health classes said they would ―Hendri32, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I wish someone was as protective with me as fast food places are of their dipping sauces ―-thisperson, May 2016
observations	sfw	I wish taco trucks worked like ice cream trucks. I'd run out every single time I heard the mariachi music. ―Frazaza, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I wish that Chris Farley had lived long enough to impersonate Rob Ford on SNL ―KingSerp, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I wish that YouTube had a "I don't want to see this video ever again." button. ―JoV1, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I wish that when somebody started telling a story, a progress bar would appear. ―lportx, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	I wish the NSFW tags had tags; there's a big difference between titties and heads falling off. ―Frostasauruss, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I wish the US would invade the US to build functioning roads and establish a democracy. ―king_gick, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wish the first rule of Crossfit was the same as Fight Club. ―dellwood513, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I wish the word "symmetry" was a palindrome ―BammaLamb, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I wish there was Reddit Anti-Gold. I'd love to pay 3.99 to stop someone from posting for a month. ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I wish there was a "WHO WON?" poll at the bottom of every flame war on Facebook ―nicomama, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I wish there was a Facebook feature to "Hide this person for one month"... Give them a time out for being annoying without writing them off entirely. ―harpacticoid, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I wish there was a title between "boyfriend" and "husband" (or fiance)... I think my 4.5 year relationship warrants more than what middle schoolers refer to their relationships as... ―mysilverlinings, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I wish there was an app that could connect you with people that look exactly like you. ―WordsRLikeBullets, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	I wish there was an office-acceptable non-smoking reason to intermittently go outside and do nothing productive for about 10 minutes at a time. ―RagingMage, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I wish there were a website called Frood that matches people who want a free meal with people who will pay because dinner alone is boring. ―[deleted], Aug 2014
observations	sfw	I wish there were an option to send a low priority text message that doesn't notify the recipient until they unlock their phone. ―Squid2012, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wish they would make a prequel to "Zombieland" that just followed Bill Murray around in his day to day life dressed as a zombie doing random things while the world crumbles around him. ―Caringforarobot, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I wish they'd stop remaking good movies, and instead remake bad movies that have good concepts so they're better. ―SkrublordPrime, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I wish we had the ability to dream together with other people. Like multi-player dreaming. ―anal_tongue_puncher, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I wish web browsers would wait until after I've successfully logged in before asking to save a password for a website. ―scaredimgurian, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I woke up this morning at 4:04am and couldn't fall back asleep. I had a 404: Sleep Not Found. ―MyLifeForAnEType, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	I won't try heroin or crack because I think I'd like them too much. ―grumpstonio, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how all of the signatures of people with my name look. ―[deleted], Feb 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many "Netflix and chill" babies have been born so far. ―havocjewel, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many Oscar heads have been in vaginas. ―klsi832, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many amazing songs have been made by completely unknown musicians and will be never heard ―Tug_Lyfe, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many animals we had to jump on the backs of before we noticed horses were cool with it. ―pandapowwow, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many anti-vaxxers gave their dogs a rabies shot. ―whateverimbored, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many awkward things people have said to me I've completely forgotten about but still makes someone cringe randomly when they are trying to sleep. ―SugaBoyOsheean, May 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many cavemen would've been geniuses if they were born in the right time period ―SporadicSheep, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many communion wafers you have to eat before you've consumed a whole Jesus. ―DagFizz, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how many constellations the sun is a part of. ―Stairwayto711, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many cooks over the course of history were accidentally convicted of poisoning before people realised that food allergies and anaphylactic shock were a thing? ―TequilaMockingbirdy, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many couples will find out they both have Ashley Madison accounts. ―DeezNeezuts, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many drugs have failed animal testing, but would have worked in humans ―Dabum17, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many fake arguments I've lost in other people's heads. ―[deleted], Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many foods are thought to be poisonous because the first person to eat them was allergic. ―morris1022, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many girls I would have been interested in have checked me out and I've just walked away oblivious? ―Echoes_and_madness, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how many good movies I've missed because the cover art and description was crappy. ―kevin32, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many imaginary arguments I've lost in other people's minds. ―d6t20, May 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many miles I've scrolled on my mouse ―arithehurricane, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how many miles I've scrolled on my phone ―needuhLee, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how many miles I've scrolled with my thumb ―Rick0r, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many miles my thumb has scrolled on my phone. ―Leenie, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many miles my thumbs have scrolled on my phone ―516nocnaes, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many more views 'Never Gonna Give You Up' would have if YouTube registered a view after only 1 second ―_Lady_Deadpool_, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many numbers between 1-1,000,000 I've never heard ―Drewskeeh, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many of Internet Explorer's first searches are "Download Chrome" ―Silky__Mitts, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many of the 2 billion views of Gangnam Style on YouTube are from people wondering how many views the video has. ―Gunmoontree, May 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many of this generation's dads will leave to go buy vape pens and never come back. ―Search_ShaggieTv, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many page views Google gets every day from people who just want to check if their internet is working. ―CubesAndPi, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how many pairs of twins got their names reversed because the parents lost track of which was which when they were infants. ―Guillotine216, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how many people are actively holding a grudge against me for something I don't remember doing or saying. ―notthemostclevername, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how many people have a picture of me riding a roller coaster with them in their house. ―mvk_iii, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many people have a picture of me riding a roller-coaster with them in their house? ―RiseOfBacon, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many people have successfully hid from me when they saw me walking toward them. ―reddits_sweetheart, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many people who have signed up for reddit are now dead ―nickcooper1991, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how many people within a 5 mile radius of me are orgasming right now ―zazzy440, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many people's heartbeats are perfectly in sync right now? ―TheHeroicOnion, May 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many photos I'm in that I'll never see. ―vaginas_are_weird, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how many places I've already visited for the last time. ―goodonedude, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how many strangers I've walked by more than once. ―NumberOnett, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many strangers have stories about me. ―tanzmeister, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many tattoos have been ruined because of earthquakes ―Wesleyg45, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many thousands of dollars I have missed out on in special effects in movies by blinking. ―Tactical_Tugboats, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times 'It's not rocket science' has been used as a joke at NASA. ―JordanMcRiddles, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times I ate eggs that came from a chicken I ate ―tonito23, May 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times I unknowingly avoided death ―Mazhar-Fakhar_, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times I walked past or made small talk with someone who was on their way to murder someone. ―yarrpiracy, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times I've avoided death by deciding not to go out somewhere. ―WindowlessParadise, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times I've been in a photo unintentionally and if people have framed photos of me in their houses because I'm in the background of their photo ―Breadboy22, May 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times I've been referred as "I once had a friend who..." or "I once knew a guy that..." ―theobserving, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times I've crossed paths in real life with people I've had discussions with on Reddit. ―FTA2011, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times I've died playing online games and ended up on someone else's Youtube montage video. ―Fear_ltself, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times I've seen the same bird without realizing it. ―Muazrozlan, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times I've seen the same bird ―CaptainTeaBag24I7, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times I've walked past or come into contact with a murderer. ―KnibbHighFB, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times a bird caller thought they were calling to a bird, but we're actually calling to another bird caller. ―LuSeMu, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times a murderer has looked at me and thought, "na, not them." ―Footstompz, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times in my life I have thought "I'll always remember this," that I have now completely forgotten about ―hstarbird11, May 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times locking your door has actually been neccesary ―CaptainPissLegs, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times someone I know has seen me in public and just didn't want to talk to me. ―ViewAskewed, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many times the members of Fleetwood Mac had to explain "no, HE is Lindsey and SHE is Stevie" ―evilpartiesgetitdone, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how many watches are still ticking in buried coffins. ―FrodoFluffyFeet, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how much HP I'd have if I had a health bar. ―Gildish_Chambino, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how much of Netflix's bandwidth is used by unconscious people. ―MrConfucius, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder how much time is left on all the microwaves in the world that were stopped too early right now ―kudles, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how often I’ve narrowly avoided death without even noticing. ―nest-ce-pas, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder how often baby twins are mixed up by their parents and go their whole lives with each other's identity ―spin116, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how often fired bullets hit flying insects. ―TheKillersVanilla, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how often people who work at the patent office say to themselves, "I should have thought of that". ―drain65, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder how often rare coincidences, like bumping into an old friend in an obscure part of the world, very nearly happen - but your tracks don't quite cross.. You could be one street away and never know ―chutneypunch, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if 50% is considered a passing grade in meteorology school? ―iwishiwasbritish, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if Alex Trebek's tombstone will say 'Who was the host of Jeopardy?' ―Phister_BeHole, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if Apple called their new watch the Apple Watch because iWatch would just be creepy. ―thetalogic, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if Buzzfeed managers yell at their employees for working on spreadsheets when they are supposed to be browsing reddit. ―sdb2754, May 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if Dogs bark inside their heads, like we speak inside ours.. ―cmf8, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if George R.R. Martin gets invited to any weddings these days? ―ekidwell, May 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if Humanity is in the first or second half of its existence ―Ellie_X, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if I am closer to my death or my birth right now. ―ohnowhyme, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	I wonder if I have ever bought milk from the same cow more than once ―sphn609, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if I have ever eaten an egg from the same hen twice. ―rounsivil, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if I have ever killed a celebrity while playing any online multiplayer game. ―Sheltopusik, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if I have ever seen the same ant twice ―yesitsrubbishacc, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if I'll ever have to write Earth at the bottom of a postal address ―Leeroy909, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if I'll struggle with future technology the way my Grandma struggles with her TV remote ―Lonewolfing, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if I'm closer to my birth or my death right now ―_GIROUXsalem, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if I'm ever in my dogs dreams.. ―SploogMan, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've already worn the clothes I'm going to die in. ―corekeymaker, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've bought the clothes I'm going to die in yet ―mo9184, May 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever been bitten by a mosquito that is descended from one that I failed to kill previously. ―Wokken, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever been in possession of the same coin more than once ―purient, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever bought milk from the same cow twice. ―beachedwolf, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever drank the milk from the same cow twice? ―DatGuava, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever eaten a crab that was caught on TV. ―Rhino200, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever eaten an egg that came from a chicken I ate. ―LuciferJohnson, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever eaten two fruit that grew from the same tree ―JezzPanda, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever had an original thought? ―Anstent, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever had the same dollar bill twice ―Well_thats_cool, May 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever paid with the same note or coin more than once. ―mjarc, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever played against the same random person in two totally different online games without even knowing it ―howdoesbucket, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever pressed the "8" key on my microwave. ―FreshGnar, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever spent the same dollar twice... ―asterion_saxifrage, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever synced poops with Queen Elizabeth. ―i_am_mr_solo_dolo, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if I've ever unknowingly shook hands with a murderer. ―NotSteveBuschemi, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if Jeremy Irons ever quietly laughs to himself when he is ironing ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if Michelle and Barack are doing it in every nook and cranny of the Whitehouse for one last time. ―534578794249544348, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if Mike Rowe ever asks if someone wants a free microwave and then just waves at them. ―Alarang, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if Muslim women also get 72 virgins after they martyr themselves. Seems like that's not as good of a deal. ―98PercentOdium, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if Native Americans are (secretly) laughing at the irony that white Americans are terrified their country is being taken over by a bunch immigrants who want to impose a new religion on this land. ―NowTimeDothWasteMe, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if Nicholas Cage and John Trovolta have used the face swap app yet. ―I_Once_Reddit, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if Slash insists on being the top hat every single time he plays Monopoly... ―SpookyGeek, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if a Google self driving car will require a Google+ account to operate. ―Rassidan, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if a hoedown is so named because you have to put the hoe (farming/gardening tool) down in order to party. ―missus_b, May 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if a murderer has ever crossed my path, contemplated murdering me, and then thought "nah". ―daedriKARMAr, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if alcohol has been responsible for more deaths or conceptions since its discovery. ―Giroflex, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if any children in third world countries receive toys as christmas donations from america and they happen to be the toys they made themselves in a sweat shop. ―nurse_jacqui, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if any kids ever enter their actual birthday on websites and just accept that they can't view adult content until they turn 18 ―jeg101586, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if any of my ancestors owned one of my dog's ancestors ―Canucker2017, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if anybody's ever named their son "James Bond Bond," so that when their name is printed last-name-first it's Bond, James Bond. ―Turbojett, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if anyone else gets annoyed that Facebook videos get bigger when you click on them instead of pausing. ―drain65, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if anyone ever fake sneezes in front of the Pope. ―KajuMax, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if anyone has ever walked out of a Chinese buffet and said "Wow that was a great decision. I am very pleased with myself right now" ―JustinPatient, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if birds on my feeder are friends or if it's like a public bathroom and no one makes eye contact. ―Muhon, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if centaur babies suckle from the horse-part nipples or the human-part nipples. ―PaperkutRob, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if cigarette sales plummet right after new years eve, because of all the people that are "quitting". And then it gradualy rise again. ―wosnitza, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if dinosaurs sang like the huge primordial birds they were. ―ElectricFlesh, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if every president goes through an awkward first few weeks in the office when they're not sure when the right time is to ask if aliens are real or not. ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if in 50-60 years there will be TV-Shows like Boardwalk Empire,which take place during the "marijuana-prohibition". ―IwannaBeThat-Guy, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if in another 50 years someone will make a romantic drama about a couple falling in love on 9/11, similar to Titanic ―GrizzlyOwns, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if ive done something that has caused a chain reaction that has lead to someone's death ―raepsawce, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if my cat thinks I just stand on the other side of my apartment's door for 10 hours a day. ―Febtober2k, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if my cat thinks my plant did something wrong when I mist it with a spray bottle ―randomhoneyballs, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if my cat thinks the delivery guy is my owner because He gives Me food. ―Reoh, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if my cursor has passed over every pixel on my computer screen ―LinkinPlayground, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if my dog always follows me into the bathroom when I have to go potty because I always follow him outside when he does and he just thinks that's how it works. ―Lyslyssa, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if my dogs think the delivery people are my owners because they give me food. ―xakryn, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if my house smells as weird as everyone else's seems to. ―DrBort, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if our Sun is part of the constellation of an alien civilization. ―TheAtlanticGuy, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if penguins taste more like poultry or more like fish. ―TheG-What, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if people appreciate the extra nugget I put in their 10 piece nuggets... ―Plistra, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if people commit mass murders because they are products of this instant gratification age and do not have the patience to be a serial killer. ―ITakeMyBaconCrispy, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if people in Mexico ever complain about jobs in America stealing all their Mexicans. ―FedoraTipper15, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if people on new years day in the year 3000 will be freaking out that it's the year Fry from Futurama comes back ―Hcoug, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if prostitutes tell their clients "It's been a business doing pleasure with you." ―roflhitler, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if spiders compare web sizes. “Wow man, you live in a mansion” Thanks dude, I built it myself. ―jhon_wilson, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if the 1st person to use sarcasm had to explain what it was, thus inventing irony. ―dchas333, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if the Queen of England has ever eaten a burrito ―mnemoniker, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if the Reddit offices are full of cubicle workers who are constantly surfing websites about insurance, banking, and other office stuff when they're supposed to be looking at Reddit threads. ―Romobyl, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if the average headphone cable is long enough for Yao Ming to put his iPod in his pocket. ―HarrySherbert, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if the extras playing evil Stormtroopers in the upcoming Star Wars films are all smiling under their helmets, as they get to fulfil their childhood dreams of fighting in a Star Wars movie. ―SassyVelociraptor, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if the girls on 16 and pregnant will come back on a show called 32 and a grandma. ―Baldinosaur, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if the new Snowden movie will be leaked before it hits theaters. ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if the person that will perform my autopsy has been born yet. ―KRSFive, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if the person who fired Victoria will post about it in /r/TIFU? ―franchise235, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if the phrase 'toodaloo' came from English people excusing themselves to go 'to the bathroom'... ―mynameipaul, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if the picture that will be used for my funeral has already been taken? ―Fudgycheeseman, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if the rate of crime drops drastically when it rains ―amukay, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if the shower was a "bath thought". ―leeimrie, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if the writers of The Simpsons have ever had to scrap what they thought was an original idea because the show had already done it. ―dontgive1011, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if there are any times on the clock that I have never seen. ―h1ghdeaz, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	I wonder if there is a Redditor who's only subscribed to r/minimalism ―coolintheshade, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder if they draw Waldo first and then fill everyone in around him, or draw everything first and then find somewhere to hide him. ―komfortablyknumb, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if trees are allergic to our sperm too. ―kinngshaun, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if turtles think that frogs are homeless? ―tastosis, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if uTorrent realises that you can download uTorrent Pro using the normal uTorrent. ―hatterkiller, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if unemployed people get annoyed at NSFW tags ―jeihkeih, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if we will get to the point in car safety that a car crash will make international news like a plane crash does? ―Danny41294, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if when I pat a rhythm on my dog, he knows I'm making a beat or if he just thinks I'm super bad at petting him? ―serhm, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if when humans go extinct on Earth, will aliens find our DNA and create a human version of Jurassic Park? ―_Dreams_In_Digital_, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if women who go into labor tomorrow will find it funny. ―Plesk8, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder if, in past times, the space on Earth currently being occupied by my kitchen was the site of an epic life-or-death battle between two giant dinosaurs. ―bubonis, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder if, through evolution, rain sounds are "soothing" at night because there's less of a chance of predators in a storm ―jonesyjonesy, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder what "don't touch" is in Braille. ―Damngoodtacos, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder what families own a photo of me riding the same roller coaster with them. ―n0obie, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder what it'd be like to see an album of all the photos you're unknowingly in the background of. ―Kclark725, May 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder what my dog named me ―SOMEguysFRIEND, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder what my life would be like if I actually followed through on all the promises I make to myself at 2AM when all I want to do is fall asleep ―Mosetsfire84, May 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder what people who type "u" instead of "you" do with all of their free time. ―danecooksucks, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder what people who type "u" instead of "you" do with all their free time. ―zacariahh, May 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder what song The Little Mermaid was singing when she viciously ripped a clam in half to make that cute bikini top... ―ChrisTaliaferro, May 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder what the orphans in Stewart Little felt like after being told a potential family picked a mouse over them. ―holdpriority, May 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder what the people that were born on the same day at the same hospital as I was, my nursery room buddies, are doing with their lives now. ―iAmTheRealLange, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder what would happen if you only let kids watch strictly black and white films from the 50's for the first ten years of their life, and then on their 10th birthday showed them Avatar in 3D. ―os-406, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder when someone will make a movie or TV series with a gay lead character whose sexuality isn't important to the plot. ―Rhodoferax, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder where all the strands of hair I've lost are in the world, and what place is farthest away from me right now? ―Quatschlish, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	I wonder who hearing 'Gold Digger' is more awkward for - Kim Kardashian or Kanye West. ―cubs1917, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I wonder who the first person to die playing Pokémon Go will be and how they will die? It's going to happen though ―VerinSC, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder who the first person to grab an active bee hive and crack it open thinking, " I bet those bastards are hiding something delicious in here" was. ―CountOnZOly, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I wonder who the lowest level employee is at Area 51 ―helpnxt, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I would be a lot more motivated in life if every difficult thing had a progress bar that I could see. ―Notablawz, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I would be significantly more productive if experience points popped up every time I completed a task/activity ―BionicHawki, May 2016
observations	sfw	I would be willing to donate blood to the mosquito community, if in exchange they would stop biting me. ―megalotusman, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I would cause gigantic family rifts and break lifelong friendships if I commented on Facebook like I do on Reddit. ―Notbritannia, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I would gladly take 98% odds while gambling at a casino but suddenly 98% doesn't sound too good when it's the effectiveness of your girlfriend's birth control ―McGibbletsDojo, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I would have been called crazy 20 years ago if I would have said Dr Dre would become a billionaire and well-respected rapper while Bill Cosby would become a rapist. ―TheSeminerd, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I would know alot more about WW1 if WW2 never happened ―TBS_, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	I would like to give thanks to the brave men and women who died a long time ago tasting which plants were edible and which plants were not. ―firkin_slang_whanger, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I would like to see Gordon Ramsay sing for Simon Cowell, and Simon Cowell to cook for Gordon Ramsay. No cuts, no edits. ―OPS_HORNY__MOM, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I would love it if there was a website where I could look up a license plate and then send a message to whoever owns the plate and tell them how bad they drive. ―quinnkenrilawson, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I would love to open a german bakery and call it Gluten Morgen. ―SpaceyInvasion, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	I would love to watch a Romcom where the fiancé is a great guy, the deadbeat guy who tries to steal the girl away is just a dead beat, she doesn't cheat on her fiancé, the wedding goes well, and they live happily ever after. ―RainbowTuba, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I would much prefer a new set of teeth when I'm 40 than when I'm 7. ―Stikx_, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I would much rather watch Gandalf vs Dumbledore than Batman vs Superman ―RagnarLee, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I would never have believed that I would see a new Star Wars AND a new Harry Potter before the next George RR Martin book ―magemax, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I would never pay for reddit gold, but I'd definitely pay a couple bucks to anti-gild someone to show how much I hate their comment. ―cmaddog111, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I would open up an ice-cream place called "Too spoon" and all the flavors would be named after current trageties. ―[deleted], Aug 2014
observations	sfw	I would pay a lot of money to see every "I was born in the wrong time period" person put into a reality TV show where they have to authentically live in that time period. ―BookerDeWittsCarbine, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I would pay good money to watch a version of the Olympics where only people using performance enhancing drugs can compete. It would be awesome to see the true extent of the human body. ―Bryden1, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I would probably take better much care of my body if I had implanted sensors giving me live feedback of my body's vital stats and I could earn points and achievements for improving things. ―ZombieAlpacaLips, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I would rather click through 10 different websites to find one list than click through 10 slides on one website ―Jessie_James, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I would rather find $5 on the ground then have my local WNBA team win a national championship ―Jaxatr, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I would rather risk buying an exploding Samsung phone than an iPhone without a headphone Jack ―muff_cabbag3, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I would rather spend 10 extra minutes driving on an empty road than be in traffic. ―SCADA_MASTER, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I would rather use a dirty towel that I've used a hundred times before than use someone else's towel that they've only used once. ―productiveredditor_, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I would rather watch a blank screen for the duration of an ad than watch the ad itself. ―Profisea, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I would rather work 10 hours day Mon-Thurs and get three day weekends ―Joey2Tymes, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I would really enjoy a Star Wars movie that goes back to the actual origins of the first Jedi Knights learning to harness The Force. ―Skiingfun, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I would totally buy a toilet seat with a scale in it so I could see how much weight I lost every time I pooped... ―The_Beer_Engineer, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I would use a treadmill for hours if I had VR hooked up to google street view. ―Dolphin_Titties, May 2016
observations	sfw	I wouldn't be surprised if a copy of Deadpool (The movie) shows up on the Pirate Bay, only for it to turn out to be an official video of Deadpool talking to you about piracy and stuff. ―off-and-on, May 2016
observations	sfw	I wouldn't click an ad on Google, even if it's exactly what I was looking for. ―Ayzkalyn, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I'd actually be much more hesitant to ask my dad for $20 if he was made of money. ―vyrnhorn, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	I'd actually watch NASCAR if they raced basic, everyday cars, with all standard features. It'd be a good advertisement for the car companies too. ―godamnlochnesmonster, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I'd be a lot more motivated at work if my boss paid me in cash every hour. ―goethean, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I'd be more likely to donate to charity if I knew they wouldn't sent me letters or call me asking for more money. ―locks_are_paranoid, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I'd find less money on the ground if I was more confident ―cokeflu, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I'd like to see a Forrest Gump sequel about his incredibly intelligent son, who has miserable luck and constantly finds himself in bleak situations. ―Cops_Are_Stupid_Pigs, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I'd like to think that Jessie's girl grew up and gave birth to a girl named Stacy. ―Chadpbryant, May 2016
observations	sfw	I'd love to start a "church" for non-religious people who just want a community of people who do good things together. ―Whatsername868, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I'd much rather be somebody who can barely remember High School than somebody who considers it to be the best years of their lives. ―Dodgeriscool, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I'd much rather have Gordon Ramsay yell at me to f*ck off than have him disappointingly look down at my food and say "What a shame." ―TheRealCourtneyW, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I'd never buy a used mattress, but sleeping in a hotel doesn't bother me at all. ―[deleted], Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I'd never lick my dish sponge but I happily rub it all over stuff I eat out of. ―BitcoinBanker, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I'd pay a lot of money to see a "narration battle" between Morgan Freeman, Mike Rowe, James Earl Jones, and Sam Elliott ―ZeusThunder369, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I'd rather drive 30 minutes out of my way than wait in traffic for 15. ―Skadoosh_it, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I'd rather overhear a compliment than get one face-to-face. ―ThurstonHowellIV, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I'd rather power through the slightly-more-than-i-should-eat end of an ice cream container than leave a dissapointing amount for future me. ―Doganay96, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I'd rather skip a song every time it comes up in my playlist than remove it altogether. ―12u55, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I'd say about 95% of the time a person has told me "it's a long story," it wasn't ―matt552024, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I'd watch a reality tv show where 4chan people and tumblr people are stranded on an island and have to work together to survive. ―avatarzach, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I'll bet a lot of Ziploc's annual profit is provided by the illegal drug trade. ―ChrisWithWings, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I'll bet that when Thomas Edison played back his own voice on the first phonograph he thought it was broken because his voice sounded weird. ―nickmodaily, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I'll bet the leaders of the Flat Earth Society don't actually believe the Earth is flat, but they want a free ride into space from frustrated NASA scientists who want to prove them wrong by showing them personally. ―Moist_Gracie, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I'll consider myself successful when I no longer dread looking at my bank account. ―mflboys, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I'll give a million dollars to the man who can do something about motherfucking webpages moving an inch just before I click something so I hit the wrong link. ―Miles_Prowess, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I'll only rate your app after you've annoyed me enough about it and I need a place to blow off the steam about how annoying your app reminders are. ―PM_ME_KITTENS_PLEASE, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I'll spend $20 on fast food without blinking an eye, but a $2.99 phone app is a serious decision. ―Secret_superhero, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I'll throw $3 at a snack, a latte, etc, without even a second thought. But a $0.99 app? Ouch - lemme think about that and read a dozen reviews... ―jtoeman, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I'm 100% convinced that every time a sock goes missing in the dryer, it comes back as an extra tupperware lid. ―Tm23246, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I'm 14 billion years old, but only 23 years alive. ―moral_breakdown, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I'm 17, and frequently use IMDB's Parent Guide to make sure a movie is okay for my parents to watch. ―TyCooper8, May 2016
observations	sfw	I'm 19 and still can't remember the order of letters in the alphabet without starting from the beginning. ―seven7evens, May 2016
observations	sfw	I'm 21 years old. There are kids younger than me in the NBA making millions. ―jaybustah, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	I'm 22 and I'm just realizing why some watermelon flavored lollipops have green wrappers but are actually red... ―BuzzLightBeard12, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I'm 25 and just realized that Fruit of the Loom is a romantic way of saying "end product of a textile factory". ―Diskojawkey, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I'm 25 years old and I am still not used to being referred to as a 'man' ―neilddd, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I'm 27 years old and Blink 182's "take off your pants and jacket" album pun finally landed with me. ―jsniff, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I'm 32 and it's likely I could still be lured into stranger danger by puppies and candy. ―urbanphilosoraptor, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I'm 34 years old and I'm still not sure whether you're supposed to pee directly into the water or against the back of the toilet. ―HyperZoanoid, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I'm British, but I watch so many American movies I'd probably end up dialling 911 instead of 999 in an emergency. ―JoeFish2018, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I'm a 33 year old man and I still sing the alphabet when I arrange things alphabetically ―belly_bell, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I'm a guy living with two girls and they'll never know how hard I try to keep the toilet bowl clean by "peeing off" marks and stains. ―jag5213, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I'm a straight female who always goes to the dentist twice a year. At some point in my life, the amount of time I've spent with dicks in my mouth surpassed the time I've spent with a dental hygienist in there. ―dirtygirlscouts, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I'm a twin. One of us were unplanned. ―PLXGUE, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	I'm a virgin. If i donated sperm the babies would technically be born of a virgin. ―Xtinguo, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I'm an organ donor. If I die tomorrow, my death will be cause for major celebration for a total stranger. ―mahler5mahler5, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I'm an orphan who is single; every picture of me is a family portrait. ―ace10brian, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I'm at a point in my life where 100 dollars isn't a lot to receive, but it's a lot to give. ―f00f_nyc, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I'm at least two times more likely to view a post that has a NSFW tag. ―bigtuna7O, May 2016
observations	sfw	I'm at the age when having 'an adult night with the husband' means eating fudgicles on the couch and watching a movie with swear words. ―NewMaterialOnly, May 2015
observations	sfw	I'm awed that two servings of pasta can be made, packaged, shipped thousands of miles, bought and resold to me for $0.18 each. Yet one stamp is $0.49. ―Cops_Are_Stupid_Pigs, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I'm better at giving handjobs than my girlfriend is. ―tom58473758, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I'm black, but not African American. I've never been to Africa, I don't identify with the African culture being as both of my parents are from the US. ―cheritaisrandom, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I'm bored when I listen to a song from my personal music library, but when it's played on the radio I get excited like it's the greatest song ever. ―Stabler86, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I'm close with my best friend so I describe her as my "sister." I'm close with my sister so I refer to her as my "best friend." ―OrangeNinja24, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I'm constantly torn between not wanting to die alone and generally wanting to be left alone. ―Dodgeriscool, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I'm controlling your mind right now. I'm making it talk ―dragoninmyanus, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I'm convinced most of the adults who told me wiki is unreliable, now use viral facebook posts for most of their news sources. ―Sharplynormal, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I'm convinced that every time a sock goes missing from the dryer... It comes back as an extra Tupperware lid. ―ruseereous, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I'm drunk at the end of every year and drunk at the beginning of ever year. ―Dontbjelly, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I'm flabbergasted at how our education system managed to find a way to turn something as fascinating as history into a boring slog. ―Lemvig42, May 2016
observations	sfw	I'm french, live in Paris, and I've never seen a mime. ―Shryke2a, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I'm friends on Facebook with someone I share a full name with. When he posts a status that none of his friends like, I should like it so all his Facebook friends think he liked his own status since no one else would. ―DrJohnCena, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I'm from California and I can't take a long enough shower to have shower thoughts ―JUUKO82, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I'm getting really excited for the final season of America! ―FrigginMartin, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I'm glad Reddit looks plain. I can browse it openly and most people assume I'm reading news or informational articles, etc. If I browse sites like Facebook or Twitter everyone knows I'm just wasting time. ―iamgringostar, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I'm glad to live in a society where seeing a woman in yoga pants is socially acceptable ―takeinalready, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I'm going to be dead longer than I'm going to live ―dicvalero, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I'm going to be the last person to die in my lifetime. ―[deleted], Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I'm going to blow my kids' mind when I tell him I'm older than the internet. ―rockstang, May 2016
observations	sfw	I'm going to open a restaurant called "Peace and Quiet" where kid's meals are $250.00 ―ChrisTaliaferro, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I'm intelligent enough to realise that I'm not very intelligent at all. ―lackint, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I'm just glad that milk doesn't have any pulp. ―texastruhbles, May 2015
observations	sfw	I'm kinda disgusted at the thought of drinking milk from my own species, but I'm totally fine with drinking milk from other species. ―FrankFH, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I'm kinda glad Reddit has pulled me completely away from Facebook ―[deleted], Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I'm less likely to buy a product from a 30 second YouTube ad I can't skip ―Willsuck, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I'm like the kid in school that's friends with everyone but when told to partner up isn't anyone's first choice. ―ShrimGods, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I'm lucky enough to live in a country where if I hear an air raid siren I expect it to be followed by phat bass and a banging tune. ―[deleted], Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I'm mad at Apple dumping the headphones jack not because I plan to buy an iP7 but because I'm afraid others will follow their stupid example ―pp0000, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I'm more amazed by the way a needle plays a vinyl record then by the way lasers read cds ―r_roman, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I'm more aware of swearing in a TV show when it's bleeped out. ―Fox_Lee, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I'm more careful with video game currency than I am with actual currency. ―colm44, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I'm more conscious of citing my references on Reddit than I ever was about citing sources for my papers in high school and college ―Icameforsloth, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I'm more critical of someone who treats an animal poorly than I am of someone who treats another person poorly. ―dreterran, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I'm more willing to spend $15 on a lunch than on a shirt that will last me years. ―xrex64, May 2016
observations	sfw	I'm not a bad person, but if I had superpowers, I know I wouldn't use them solely for good. ―majorshenanigans, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I'm not afraid of death, I'm afraid that I'll miss tons of cool stuff after I die and that people will be sad when I die. ―highandentertained, Apr 2013
observations	sfw	I'm not positive on my age, I just trust everyone around me is telling the truth about when I was born. ―SimpletonSquirrel, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I'm not scared of a computer passing the turing test... I'm terrified of one that intentionally fails it. ―Grandure, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I'm not sure if Samsung re-branding the Galaxy as the Phoenix would be a brilliant or disastrous marketing move. ―Arugulaboogaloo, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I'm not sure if it's a false memory, but I remember climbing across monkey bars without feeling like my arms were being torn from their sockets. ―Soultrapped, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I'm not sure who is more happy, Leo for winning his Oscar, or me for not having to hear about Leo and his lack of Oscar wins any more. ―QuincyQuickQuestion, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I'm not the only one who always thought the D in Disney was a backwards G for the longest time right? ―ItsJinvy, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I'm not who I think I am. I'm not who others think I am. I am who I think others think I am. ―wolfman863, Feb 2013
observations	sfw	I'm old enough to remember when the internet did not have ads ―Otalgia, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I'm one of the people who actually likes the song 'Never gonna give you up', so whenever I get rickrolled instead of being mad, I'm unexpectedly happy, similar to when my favorite song comes on the radio. ―ZTBEA5T, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I'm one of those that think that 1995 is 10 years ago but now 2004 is 10 years ago ―coolsteed, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	I'm only funny to my girlfriend because she doesn't use Reddit. ―HairlessSasquatch, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I'm part of the last generation to know what it's like to grow up in the world before the internet. ―bethisnicenow, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I'm paying for school to get a job so I can get a job and pay for school ―lmNotSorry, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I'm positive there is someone out there on Reddit who subscribes to the exact same subreddits as I do and we would be very good friends. ―washufeezee, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I'm pretty sure Earth and humanity is some alien's science project that he got an A on, and now we're just sitting in his room somewhere while he's at college ―hansoncane, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I'm pretty sure I've never pressed the "7" button on my microwave ―Piefecta, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I'm pretty sure I've spanked my wife more than her parents ever did. ―jewy33, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	I'm pretty sure the reason Netflix originals don't do episode recaps is because they know you're just binge watching the show. ―commanderbat, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I'm raising my son on Netflix, and so far he has not been exposed to one iota of advertising, and has no idea what the 'cool' toys are. ―SeptemberOf76, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I'm really excited to get old because living in a nursing home in 50 years is going to be one huge LAN party ―fventricle, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I'm really glad my dog can't talk, he knows too much. ―Harrupm, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I'm really grateful for those facebook "copy and past this status and you'll get some unrealistic reward" posts cause it helps me identify which people on my list are fking idiots. ―1manparty, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I'm secretly happy when my friends don't use reddit because then I can send them cool things I find on reddit. ―justyouraveragealien, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I'm semi confident my dog would welcome any intruder into my house with open arms. ―Serialnarcisist, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I'm sitting here, drinking my 6th beer, about to hop in the shower. Heading to my sisters birthday party afterwards, where my nieces and nephew will be. I just realized I'm the drunk uncle of the family. ―FukkleberryHin, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I'm so afraid of commitment that when choosing a default app to open a file, I always pick 'just once' over 'always'. ―-n0x, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I'm so bad at Reddit, most of my conversations are with bots, informing me that I screwed up my post. ―Badoor11, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I'm so glad I live in a country where my first reaction to loud bangs is "Some kids with fireworks" and not "some maniac with a gun" ―GaiusSherlockCaesar, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I'm so internet lazy that when I see a link to YouTube I'm like, "Ugh, you couldn't have made this a gif?" ―cantlearnham, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I'm so lonely that reddit is more of a social network for me than facebook is. ―paryz17, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I'm so old, my handheld games were filled with water :-/ ―danny_the_car_wiper, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I'm so single that if a random girl approaches and shows interest in me, I would wonder if it's a social experiment ―dejavu619, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I'm still friends on facebook with a girl i fingered at a club when i was 18 but have lost more than half of my high school friends because we weren't close enough. ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	sfw	I'm still hopeful that I'll see a girl I know or an ex on one of the nsfw/gone wild subs. ―NowFreeToMaim, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I'm still it from a game of tag eight years ago. ―Dreamcast3, May 2014
observations	sfw	I'm still waiting to see the people saying that we shouldn't help the refugees and instead help the homeless veterans to actually start helping the homeless veterans. ―pilgrimboy, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I'm sure if weed was legalized everywhere, this would be a more popular subreddit. ―OmegaPiggi, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I'm surprised Arnold Schwarzenegger hasn't done any work with Burger King. "Get to da whoppa!" would make for a great ad. ―jonwilt, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I'm trusting a whole lot of people not to randomly murder me throughout the day. ―chillyhellion, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I'm uncomfortable carrying $200 in cash, but I leave my $800 phone in places all willy nilly. ―M153RY, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I'm very punk rock when I charge my laptop, phone, and headphones. I always use the same three power cords. ―titaniumgroceries, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I'm willing to spend countless hours perfecting my MMO character but i halfass my way through real life. ―ValorCore, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I've always wanted to be able to hear English and not understand it. ―voltox3, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I've been on Reddit for 3 years, and i have 6 karma, even on the internet i do nothing productive. ―mrerik314, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I've been practicing eating my entire life and I'm still not good enough at it to not use a napkin. ―JerkStoreDude, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	I've been speaking English so often that the voice I use to think is now English instead of my native language. ―HallowedMoth147, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I've been to 5 schools, had 9 jobs, driven 4 cars, lived in 8 homes, lost 2 grandparents, had 4 cousins be born...and in all that time, the Simpsons' living situation has not changed. ―pjabrony, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I've been using AdBlock for more than five years; I have no idea what the internet actually looks like. ―spidermandrew, May 2015
observations	sfw	I've clicked thousands of links on reddit without getting a virus. Yet, my grandparents can spend 10 minutes on my laptop and get a virus. ―tell_me_im_funny, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I've considered acting like a sociopath for awhile just to see what people would do...then I realized that's something a sociopath would do. ―IAmNoRo, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I've developed an intense hatred towards products/companies that force me to watch 30sec ads on mobile youtube without a 5sec skip. Ad money well spent. ―sorajima, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I've fallen asleep nearly every day for 25 years, yet I have no memory of how it actually happens. ―ersatztruth, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	I've given out way more karma than I will ever receive... ―daygo55, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I've gone a full year, maybe even two, without thinking about the state of Delaware. ―ThurstonHowellIV, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I've got 99 problems and 98 of them can be attributed to poor time management and self control. ―1001tigers, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I've gotten out of bed every day for 18 years. That's 6,570 sit-ups and I don't have one ab to show for it. ―AtomicEmerson, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I've had a 3D printer in my kitchen for about 15 years, but it only makes waffles. ―DagFizz, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	I've had religious people knock on my door encouraging me to be religious, but never have I had a homosexual knock on my door to encourage me to be homosexual. ―darkon, May 2015
observations	sfw	I've insulted my best friends more than I've insulted my worst enemies. ―romaje, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I've killed as many people as the strongest hurricane ever recorded. ―TheGloob, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I've learned more about David Bowie in the past 24 hours, than I have in my whole life. ―APSmells, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	I've learned more from YouTube and Wikipedia than I have from my $80K education ―ShartNSniff, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I've literally broken enough minor laws that if fully punished I would spend the rest of my life in jail, but I've never even been arrested. ―Kevlar___, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I've lived my entire life only 10 miles from outer space but I've never been there. ―Eyelemon, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	I've logged countless hours of heated arguments in my head with people I know in real life that they don't know about. ―JohnBageldy, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I've met atheists that care more about my religion than I do. ―reincarN8ed, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I've never actually heard the queen speak. ―SPESHALBEAMCANNON, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I've never been big on going to Japan, but if Nintendo made a Disney-land style theme park called Nintendoland with all the different characters and worlds as attractions, I'd blow all of my savings on the first flight over ―ccbuddyrider, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	I've never been told when to do my taxes. Or how. Or why. Or even what taxes are. But if I get it wrong, I go to jail. ―Not_Acinonyx_Jubatus, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I've never come across a better consistent source of information than Wikipedia despite always being told how unreliable it is ―_rochelle-rochelle_, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I've never had to change the lightbulb in a microwave. ―chetoflep, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I've never heard/used the word "ulterior" outside of the phrase "ulterior motives." ―510th, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I've never met an unintelligent person who reads frequently ―Dog_The_Explorer, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I've never once been offered free drugs by a stranger, even though I was told this would be a common threat. ―IM_THE_MOON_AMA, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I've never once heard elevator music while riding an elevator ―garbage_day_everyday, May 2016
observations	sfw	I've never once thought, "Wow, I'm glad Num Lock isn't enabled by default." ―Happy_Harry, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	I've never read a science article that says an animal is dumber than we previously thought. ―snipawolf, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I've never seen Fight Club, but because of the first rule of fight club, I've never had the movie spoiled for me. ―Dirnol, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I've never seen They Might be Giants in concert. For all I know, they might actually be giants. ―phish_tacos, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I've never seen a "tunnel of love" ride in real life. ―dbumba, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I've never seen a baby pigeon in my life. ―Vmss4, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I've never seen a black couple with an adopted white child. ―NostralDumass, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I've never seen a man complain about a lack of plus sized male models. ―R33MZ, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I've never seen a plus sized male model ―Amaryllis_Reginae, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I've never seen a police officer fill up their patrol car at a gas station ―ohmyvitalize, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	I've never seen a taxi fill up at a gas station. ―supertoasty, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	I've never seen an angel depicted with a moustache. ―population_you, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I've never touched a bowling pin ―Myztical, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	I've only ever said "I hate you " to the people I wholeheartedly love. ―wolf-brother, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	I've only seen "Babe" once but I've said "That'll do pig" at least 1,000 times ―TigOlMcSnittyBits, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I've practiced way more conversations in my head than I will ever actually have in life ―Todd_Popalopolous, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I've probably gone to the gym more times in pokemon than I have in real life. ―red_not_ash, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	I've raided more tombs in Skyrim than I have in Tomb Raider ―JustAnotherScott, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I've ruined a lot of good songs by setting them as my alarm music. ―Aufor, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	I've seen Mars with my own eyes, but not Japan. ―CGFROSTY, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I've seen dozens of change.org petitions but never heard of a single one making any difference. ―MrSquigles, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I've seen far more people be offended by 'Happy Holidays' than 'Merry Christmas.' ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	I've seen more naked ladies than any of the greatest kings of centuries past ―dogwood81, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I've seen my face constantly for 21 years and yet how I picture myself in my head and how I look in a mirror are always slightly different. ―funtimegotime, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I've seen my girlfriends butthole a lot more than she has. ―depalman, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	I've seen so many price tags ending in 99 that I feel a little mentally weirded out when I see a normal, whole number price. ―CuteLilGirl, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I've spanked my wife way more than her parent ever did. ―ifurmothronlyknw, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I've spent thousands of hours writing academic papers for school that only a few people read whereas a stupid comment I've written on Reddit in just a few seconds has been read by thousands. ―esquiremoose, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I've started letting spiders live so they can kill the bugs in my house, and now I'm leaving bugs alone so my spiders have something to eat. ―overly-dull, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	I've stolen pens from the bank. Technically I've robbed a bank. ―tunelessknight, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	I've stopped using Facebook and been using Reddit almost exclusively, the only difference is I get the memes a day or two earlier and I don't hate everyone I know ―VotesBasedOnYourVote, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I've survived everything I've ever done. ―notimeleftinMelbs, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	I've taken off my pants in most malls that I've been to. ―Jerry_McSeinfeld, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	I've used Bruce Almighty's "B-E-A-Utiful!" line to spell Beautiful my whole life ―ShytTalkingScrub, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	I've used my driver's license more to buy alcohol than to prove I'm a registered driver. ―Schindlerz-Fist, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	I've wanted to run away as an adult way more then I ever did as a kid. ―Eggs_and_Porn, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	I've woken up over 10,000 times and I'm still not used to it ―dankerinooo, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	I've woken up over 8.000 times in my life and I still suck at it ―canoodle_me, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	IF YOU TYPE SOMETHING ALL IN CAPS ACCIDENTALLY, you should be able to highlight said text and reverse it by hitting the caps lock key. ―LOTRcrr, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	IF УФЦ TЧPЗ IИ FДКЭ CУЯILLIC, IT IS LIКЗ HДVIЙG Д PФLЧДLPHДЬЭTIC CУPHЗЯ THДT MДCHIИЭS CДЙИФT ЦЙDЗЯSTДИD, ЪЦT БЯДIЙS CДИ ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	IMDB needs a filter search results by "available on Netflix" option ―smileedude, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	IMDB should have a "can be confused for" section for actors. ―InspecterJones, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	IMDB should have a spoiler-free mode where you can hide how many episodes an actor appeared in. ―minisixx, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	IMDb should have an "it's on Netflix" tag ―Niallosapien, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Ice Cube rapped about how he opposes the police, but now he is always a cop or law enforcement of some kind in the movies. ―KamikazeeDolphin, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Ice cubes float in a pool of their own blood. ―ilovecaptcha, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Ice cubes float in their own blood ―cottonsox7, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Ice skating is just walking in cursive. ―etohaun, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Iceland is the best country to be in during a Zombie outbreak. It is an island, it has a small population, is energy independent, and has volcanoes for easy corpse disposal. ―CthulhuBread, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Idea for a gay bar name: Members Only ―iamstealthor, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Ideally my car will never touch another car. If cars were living beings they would be super lonely. ―AshenUrsa, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Ideally, Leonardo DiCaprio wins an Oscar, pulls a speech out of his pocket, blows dust off it and recites a thank you speech he wrote from "What's Eating Gilbert Grape." ―July_Sandwich, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If "4:20 blaze it" is a common time to smoke, why isn't high noon a thing? ―TheGreatPenguino, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If "\o/" means 'yay', does "lol" mean 'I surrender'? ―quasidor, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If "look like a million bucks" is a compliment in the U.S., I bet it wouldn't work in Britain. "Does this dress make me look fat?" "No honey, you look like a million pounds!" ―Lock_n_key, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If "sword" was a dirty word, it might be referred to as the "s-word". ―PaintedCeiling, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	If /r/anarchy practiced what they preached they would have no mods ―stumblingaxis, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If 10,000 hours makes you a master shouldn't I be able to sleep well every night by now? ―inside_the_boot, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If 50 years ago you told people that there would be only 8 planets in the future, they would think something incredibly exciting would happen. ―jatefromstakefarm, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If 50cent kept up with inflation, he'd be 73cent ―OmniaMors, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If 666 is evil, does that mean that 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil? ―SouledMonk, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If 666 is the mark of the beast then 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil ―Phoxner, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If 7 billion competed in a single elimination rock paper scissor tournament, the winner would have only won 33 times in a row. ―[deleted], Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If 72 virgins is the reward for blowing yourself in a crowd of innocent people, someone should start a peaceful religion that awards 73 virgins for just being cool. ―holeeefuwk, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If 9/11 had happened in July, Seven-Eleven would have been screwed. ―kritinka, May 2016
observations	sfw	If 9/11 had happened in June, Seven-Eleven would have been screwed. ―TopHatz, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	If 9/11 had happened this year instead of 2001, we'd have all kinds of horrifying, incredible footage from people trapped inside the World Trade Center since everyone would have had a smartphone. ―ns156, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If 9/11 happened a day earlier, it would making judging competitions very awkward on a regular basis. ―Renown84, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If 9/11 happened two months early, 7-Eleven might have had to change their name ―maestroni, May 2014
observations	sfw	If A=1, B=2, C=3, etc., then T+W+O+H+U+N+D+R+E+D+A+N+D+F+I+F+T+Y+N+I+N+E = 259 ―ValiantSerpant, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If Adele and Taylor Swift were lesbians, we would get to hear both sides of the breakup. ―bigstevek2703, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If Alcohol was discovered today, there's just no way it would get FDA approval ―TBOJ, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If Alcohol was sold in pill form as an illegal street drug.. it would be scary for a non-user to hear about how it effects you ―KyleSpratt, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If Alvin &amp; The Chipmunks 4 is brave enough to release the same day as Star Wars VII: The Force Awakens, you're brave enough to ask your crush out. ―darkknifes, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If Amazon sold a suicide machine, it would only have negative feedback ―FartPoopRobot_PhD, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If Amazon starts delivering our groceries with drones, it will be the grown up version of our parents making helicopter noises and putting food in our mouths. ―Tool_Time_Tim, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If Anna Kendrick married Kendrick Lamar, her name could potentially become Anna Kendrick-Lamar ―the29wall, May 2015
observations	sfw	If Anthony Weiner ran for president in 2016 and Eric Holder was his vice president, the campaign bumper stickers would say "Weiner Holder 2016". ―baeb66, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	If Apple Pay came before credit/debit cards, the invention of a battery-free payment tool that fits in your wallet might be seen as an improvement. ―VinceCully, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If Apple came out with a Google Glass competitor, would it be called the iPatch? ―dyzok, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If Arnold Schwarzenegger and Tom Arnold ran for president, it would be Arnold/Schwarzenegger 2020. If they went by their first names, it would be Tom/Arnold 2020. ―notseansaccount, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If Assassin's Creed keeps going up through time it'll eventually just become Splinter Cell. ―lolaiden1, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If Batman's main power is to instill fear, he's basically a terrorist. ―poofbird, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If Big Alcohol and Big Pharma are the villains of weed legalization, then Big Snack and Big Water should be the heroes ―AluJack, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If Bill Gates died and left his fortune to EVERYONE in the U.S., everyone would roughly gain $240 ―BambiTyler, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If Bill Gates gave me 40 billion dollars, he would still be richer than me. ―I-think-Im-funny, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If Bill Nye the Science Guy is ever replaced by a robot, it should be named Eugene the Science Machine ―ReallyAngryPotato, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If Bill Nye the science guy were in New York on New Year's Eve, the headline could be "Nye in NY on NYE". ―OPs_mum, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If Billie Jean would've taken Michael Jackson on Maury for a paternity test he would've had the most epic "you are not the father" dance ever. ―Creepyroblowe, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If Breaking Bad took place entirely from Hank's perspective, his discovery about who Heisenberg really was would have been one of the best TV plot twists in recent memory. ―I_AM_TALKING_, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If Bruce Wayne invested in the community instead of buying crime fighting toys, there'd probably be a lot less crime to fight. ―coolshoeshine, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If Bruce Willis dies from Viagra overdose, the headline will read "Bruce Willis Dies Hard." ―kachumbar, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If Bruce Willis dies from viagra overdose, the headline will read "Bruce Willis Dies Hard" ―dr721, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	If Budweiser was as good at making beer as they were at making commercials, they wouldn't need commercials ―kingkongpizza, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If Busta Rhymes was a wizard battling in the world of Harry Potter, he would take out all the bad guys before they could finish the first syllable of their spells. ―madeyouangry, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If Centaurs were real, "naysayer" might be a racial slur. ―PirateMunky, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If Chewbacca cannot say Chewbacca, where did they get the word Chewbacca? ―captaincabinets, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If Christian businesses really stuck to their principles, they'd serve everyone regardless of their sins... ―LadyManderella, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If Cinderella would have taken off all her clothes by midnight, she could have stayed with the prince. ―SimplisticAnswer, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If Cinderella's shoe was a perfect fit, then how did it fall off? ―rubiks-disaster, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If Cindy Lou Who got her Ph.D., she would be Doctor Who. ―Hyro0o0, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If Danny DeVito put on a mask and robbed a bank, everybody would know it was Danny DeVito. ―Chazdanger, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If Digg had used Reddit's "Gold" System, users could have been Gold Diggers. ―a_rabid_squirrel, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If Dr Dre ever gets into a fight or hits someone, the internet will be full of "beats by Dre" jokes ―The_Atticus, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If Dr. Evil were actually a Medical Doctor, he would have to have gone through a Residency at one point. If he did, his title would be "Resident Evil". ―themightyheptagon, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If Drake and Taylor Swift went out, we'd hear both sides of the break up. ―aa2114, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If Dumbledore wanted to help Harry, he could have fixed his vision. In a world of magic why is your savior reliant on glasses? ―NotChasetipher, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If Dwayne Johnson has a son he should call him "The Pebble" ―JamoJustReddit, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	If Edward Snowden was Chinese, Obama would probably invite him for dinner at the White House and advocate him as a winner for the Nobel Peace prize. ―[deleted], Oct 2013
observations	sfw	If Elon Musk really is our Tony Stark, we should trap him in a cave until he creates a fusion reactor ―ZMech, May 2016
observations	sfw	If Emma Watson and Prince Harry are really dating, then their future child would be a Half-Blood Prince ―doppleganger2621, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If England waited 11 more days, we could've shared an Independence day. ―DickStrong, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If Eve doomed the human race for an apple, what would she do for a Klondike bar? ―schaferlite, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If Facebook and Instagram stopped showing the number of likes a post gets, I wonder how many people would continue posting photos and selfies of themselves. ―dehydratedaardvark, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If Facebook had a dislike button, teen suicide rates would skyrocket. ―GnarlyBellyButton69, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If Fallout 4 didn't take place in USA you probably wouldn't find live ammo in a dead woman's sundress ―Puccolol, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If Firefly had aired in 2015 instead of 2002, it would probably have just moved to Netflix when it was cancelled. ―anschelsc, May 2016
observations	sfw	If Germany is the Fatherland and Russia is the Motherland then the eastern front of WWII was the bloodiest divorce in history. ―Yobleck, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If Germany is the fatherland and Russia is the mother land does that make WWII domestic violence? ―Mi_Lady, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If God created humankind in his image, and to be rational and reasonable thinkers, then he would expect us to question his existence, based on factual evidence. Maybe the real test to get into heaven is not to believe in God. ―Bryrn, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If God created the sun on the fourth day, how had four days passed? ―[deleted], Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If God knows everything, He had to know that Adam would eat the apple. So God created a sin loop. ―Alltruenews, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If God orchestrated evolution, then he went through a phase playing with dinosaurs ―pancake17, May 2015
observations	sfw	If God really wanted to impress, he would have made Joseph pregnant. ―truthaboutcs, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If Goldilocks tried three beds, then Momma Bear and Daddy Bear slept seperately. Baby Bear is probably the only thing keeping the family together. ―Thumbhat, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If Goldilocks tried three beds, then Momma Bear and Daddy Bear slept seperately. Baby Bear is probably the only thing keeping the family together. ―gridster2, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If Google Maps added 5 minutes to every time estimate on directions millions of people would be on time for things. ―bthoman2, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If Google Street View archived its data by year, then imagine using VR to walk through a 50-200+ year old version of NYC in the distant future. ―srgtbear, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If Google matched people up by their browsing history, it could be the greatest online dating website of all time. ―hobbitfeets, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If Google were to go down, I'd be convinced my Internet wasn't working for the longest time. ―psychyness, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If Halloween wasn't already an established tradition, there's no way today's neurotic parents would be OK with it being introduced ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If Harry Potter was real, people on Tumblr would probably be constantly complaining about the use of the word "muggle" ―ScroogeMcJones, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If Hell is real, mine would involve someone following me around telling me to do things that I was already about to do.. ―hambonekneeslap, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If Hermoine Granger and Sherlock Holmes had a child together, it would be the single most dangerous literary character to ever exist. ―Musical_Muze, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If Hilary Clinton gets elected President, she'll work every day in the room where her husband had an affair. ―I_Gets_The_Reference, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If Hillary Clinton becomes president, she'll sit at the same desk Bill sat while he and Monica Lewinsky had an affair. ―PM_Tits_For_FunFacts, May 2015
observations	sfw	If Hillary gets elected President, she'll have to go to work everyday, for at least four years, in the very same office where her husband got blowjobs from Monica Lewinsky. ―captain_craptain, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If Hogwarts is the finest, high class school for witches and wizards I'd love to see a spinoff movie of one of the more ghetto, inner-city magic schools. ―iamninjabob, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If Homer Simpson were a Democratic congressman from Springfield, Ohio, he'd be "Homer Simpson (D-OH)". ―Nulono, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	If Homeward Bound were filmed today, it'd probably be considered unacceptable for the animals' voices to be simple voice overs. The resulting dog-mouth CGI would probably ruin the movie. ―Dooner7, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If Hungary gets to host the Olympics, they can call it "The Hungary Games" ―carbonyl_attack, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If I asked my parents to buy me a nice suit today, there's no chance they'd do it. But if I died today, they'd buy me a really nice suit tomorrow. ―DriveGenie, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If I ate nothing but butterflies, I would probably significally increase the average number of butterflies eaten per person. ―Peefy, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If I bet a hooker $100 that she can't make me cum....is that prostitution or illegal gambling? ―MRCTM2015, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If I break a bottle of wine at the supermarket, and I'm underage, they can't legally make me pay for it... ―ASmallCrane, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If I brush my teeth everyday at 11:59 PM for two minutes, then I'm brushing my teeth twice a day. ―thecooltodd, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If I buy a case of Digorno Pizza from Amazon, is or is it not delivery? ―Pinstar, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If I buy a self driving car, and then sign up for UBER, i could make money sitting at home doing nothing ―An_aussie_in_ct, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If I can't find your hours of operation within 30 seconds on your website, you need to change your website. ―FLHca, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If I can´t handle you at your worst, you´re probably a horrible human being. ―[deleted], Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If I concentrated as much at work as I do when I shave my balls I'd be a millionaire by now... ―steel_city89, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If I could go back in time and tell my 5-year-old self that I ride elevators every day and ~95% of the time get to push the buttons myself, he would think that was the coolest thing ever ―GameHat, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If I could read minds, I could only read minds of people that speak English because I can only speak English. ―lazymane, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If I could suddenly breathe underwater it would probably take me a LONG time to find out. ―soucy666, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If I could teleport, I'd still probably be late everywhere. ―IamSkudd, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If I created a pregnancy test app, I wonder how many people I can convince to pee on their phone? ―Vindictive-Penguin, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If I date a homeless girl, I can just drop her off anywhere after the date ―gill__gill, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If I decide not to have kids, I will single-handedly be responsible for ruining a 3.5 billion year streak of reproduction. ―Zombrer0, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If I die before you, I beat you to death. But if I beat you to death, you die before me. ―fapples_and_bananas, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If I die in my sleep people will say "at least he died doing something he loved". ―badlydrunkboy, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If I die in the same hospital as I was born in the average velocity of my life would be 0 ―yohan99, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If I die when I'm 30, that means my mid-life crisis was probably the time my brother erased my saved game in The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask. ―maplb, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If I died today, I wonder how many people would post on my facebook wall pretending they knew me better than they did. ―volkhov, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If I dont know exactly what is being advertised before the skip ad button pops up, you have failed as an advertiser. ―batsdx, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If I drove it like I stole it, I would abide by every law to not get noticed. ―RoboCooter, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If I ever decide to open a bar, I'm going to name it "Horn Pub" ―RovinKegs, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If I ever do make it to Reddits from page, it will be a lonely victory. If I tell my friends then they will see the rest of the weird stuff I said. ―tryingtofindanswers, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If I ever get Alzheimer's, at least I can rewatch all my favourite comedies and not see the jokes coming. ―rosylux, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If I ever lose my pinky finger, when children ask what happened I'm going to tell them that I broke a promise. ―punnyhuman, May 2015
observations	sfw	If I ever lose my pinky finger, when children ask what happened I’m going to tell them that I broke a promise. ―ulaalaa, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If I ever need to win an argument on Reddit but don't have any proof, all I need to do is link a YouTube video to support my claim, no one actually clicks on those. ―mohiben, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If I ever open a record store it will be named, "The Vinyl Countdown." ―nickbrinser, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If I ever ran into Kanye I'd pretend to be oblivious and ask him to take a picture of me. ―takereasygreasy, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If I ever start going blind, I'm not going to tell the government. I'll feel more badass being illegally blind. ―Slimjawb, May 2014
observations	sfw	If I fall asleep at a friends home, instead of covering me with a blanket I'd be more impressed if they plugged my phone in to charge. ―dcarvak, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If I forget my password it means my past self has outwitted my present self ―franchise1140, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If I found $5, I'd pocket it. If I found $5000, I'd report it. I'd guess I'd rather find $5. ―ithinkitsbeertime, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If I fuel my car with ethanol, the answer to "is there any alcohol in your vehicle?" would always be yes ―superhelical, May 2015
observations	sfw	If I got poo on any other part of my body, using tissue paper to wipe it off would be nowhere near enough ―Parkingisnotfine, May 2015
observations	sfw	If I had a PhD, I'd buy takeout a lot, and when it got to me I'd say "this is just what the doctor ordered." ―whatisthedealnow, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If I had a Zimbabwe dollar for every time someone said "If I had a dollar", I probably still wouldn't have a dollar. ―DovahSpy, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If I had a bunch of psychics I would start a pizza place instead of a psychic hotline. ―RaisedByDog, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If I had a clone I wouldn't want to be friends with him because of his voice ―Cheer_up_Buttercup, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If I had a dollar for every piece of useless trivia I know, I wouldn't have any money since the trivia is no longer useless if it can earn me money. ―FortunateGreg, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If I had a dollar for every thing millennials have been accused of killing, I'd be able to afford living in the destroyed economy the boomers left for us. ―kay_bizzle, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If I had a dollar for every time I considered suicide, I'd want to live instead ―YulliaTy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If I had a dollar for every time I had no idea what was going on, I'd be asking people why they were giving me dollars. ―_Polite_as_Fuck, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If I had a dollar for every time a person over 40 said my generation sucks, I'd have enough money to buy a house in the economy they ruined. ―fr4gnetic, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If I had a dollar for every time someone misused "literally" I would figuratively have a million dollars. ―tMoneyMoney, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If I had a dollar for every useless trivia I know, I would have no money because the trivia is no longer useless because it can earn you money. ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If I had a kid when I was 18, I could have a 10 year old by now. Instead I'm watching cartoons in my underwear and eating cereal, like a 10 year old. ―poopedinthechili, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If I had a nickel for every up vote I received, I'd still need my day job. ―PumpkinSeed, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If I had a time machine, I'd go to a thrift store in 2056 and buy some reasonably priced clothes from my own generation. ―didgeboy287, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If I had a twin who was five minutes younger than me, I'd always tell him "When I was your age" and proceed to tell him what I did five minutes ago. ―Too_Legit_To_Outwit, May 2015
observations	sfw	If I had an identical twins that was 5 minutes younger than me, I'd constantly tell them "when I was your age I..." then proceed to tell them what I was doing 5 minutes ago. ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If I had jerked off just one more time, my kids would be different people. ―midniyt, May 2015
observations	sfw	If I had known how much I would like reddit I would have put more effort into my user name ―Freezie17, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If I had the ability to stop time, I would just use it to take naps. ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If I had the power to go back in time once, I'd probably save that power like my rare potions in video games and eventually finish the game without using it. ―Not_Not_AnTi, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If I had the same mental clarity as I do at night all day long, I would be a very successful person ―somemadkid, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If I have 2 choices and 1 of them is taken away, I have 0 choices. ―Sir_Flashypants, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If I have ever drank to forget, it worked. ―Peefy, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	If I have my dogs ball cut off, I'm a responsible pet owner, but if I cut off the balls o my unemployed brother who has 6 kids who he can't provide for I'm suddenly a criminal ―CosbysSleepyTimeTea, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If I have twins, I would name them Leon and Noel. ―maxxxout, May 2016
observations	sfw	If I hear a car alarm the last thing I'd think is someone's stealing a car ―Alissafdar, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If I heard voices I would always wear a Bluetooth so I could answer them without social stigma ―vonnegutgal, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If I killed myself, I'd get a huge balloon and tie a gun to it. I'd shoot myself and the gun would float away and everyone would always wonder what happened. ―brock_lee, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If I knew I was going to die soon, it would be funny to put up a huge collage wall in my bedroom of newspaper clippings relating to an unsolved string of murders. ―Givemeanegg, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If I knew nothing about drugs, I would think something called Acid would be far worse than a drug called Heroin. ―dumbartist, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If I knock up my girlfriend tonight, 12 years from now I won't have to shovel snow. ―turnpikenorth, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If I know someone can take a joke/insult without being offended, then I don't mind if they insult me. But if it is someone who gets offended easily who insults me, I find that offensive. ―Joshsh28, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If I legally changed my name to "They're All a Bunch of Useless Assholes" and then got my name on the ballot, I could win the presidency by a landslide. ―Smeghead333, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If I live to be 113 I will have been a teenager twice. ―TravisG15, May 2015
observations	sfw	If I lived every day like it was my last, I would have one fantastic day, but then would spend every subsequent day being poor and in jail ―Leftover_Salad, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If I lived near a time zone line, I could get McDonald's breakfast at noon. ―IAJAKI, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	If I lose one sock, I'll be annoyed. If I lose both socks, it will take a while for me to notice ―thomasjthomasj, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If I lost at Russian Roulette I wouldn't even know ―golfwang86, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If I manage my bank account like I manage my phone battery, I'd be rich. ―19kaufmanry, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If I marry a girl I meet on tinder, there's a good chance that the first time I saw my wife was when I was taking a dump. ―jbear0516, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If I meet someone in real life who has one mutual friend, that's more than enough to make a lasting connection. If I meet someone on Facebook with one mutual friend, I assume they are a robot who is trying to steal my identity and sell me sunglasses. ―JeremyMcLellan, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If I moon you, photons that touched my butt touch your eyes ―Mcbaldo, May 2015
observations	sfw	If I owned a copy store, I would only hire identical twins. ―ImprovingKodiak, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If I owned a fast food restaurant I would have a extra button for the teller to push if the person said "Please" or was kind. That way the cooks could know to add extra fries or something small since the person was so nice. ―meeseareawesome, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If I played my life like a game I'd probably be a lot better at it. ―jb2386, May 2016
observations	sfw	If I played video games for 7 hours straight, people would think I'm a loser with too much time on my hands. If I watched Netflix for 7 hours straight, people would think I didn't have to do anything today. ―GnarlyBellyButton87, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If I punch myself in the face and it hurts...does that make me weak or strong? ―DerkERRJobs, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	If I purchase a film legally, I have to sit through minutes of unskippable piracy warnings and FBI threats. I could avoid this minor punishment and get straight to the film if I chose to pirate it. ―Nayrootoe, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If I push the right buttons, in the right order, on the machine on my desk, I could make millions of dollars. ―[deleted], Apr 2014
observations	sfw	If I put a wool sweater on my dog, I will have created a wolf in sheep's clothing. ―DarthRiko, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If I put an empty bowl out on Halloween with a sign that says "Take one", I'll look like a good person and everyone will think someone just took all the candy ―TheJigIsUp, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If I put something in the refrigerator the first time am I just frigerating it? ―lordofkingdom, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If I replaced my shoelaces with Apple earphones, I'd never have to worry about them coming undone ever again. ―TaintedLion, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If I said "happy birthday" to strangers I interact throughout the day, eventually I'll be right and that person will be really creeped out. ―AKPhilly1, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If I save up all my dryer lint, I could spin it back into yarn and knit myself a sweater that's the average color of my entire wardrobe. ―Tommy84, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If I saw a ghost, it would be the happiest day of my life... even if it was a scary ghost that planned to kill me, at least I would know there's an afterlife. ―grandsonaccount, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If I say a word that isn't in the dictionary and another person understands what I mean, but tells me that is not a word, they are holding back the progression of language. ―Wait__Whut, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If I search "define definition" in google, will I get the definition for define, or definition? ―Jake2601, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If I see a lot of police cars in one area, I immediately begin to feel more nervous than safe. ―theWforce, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If I see something like a cat or hydraulic press at the top of the front page I know all has been relatively well with the western world for the past 24 hours ―The_Bearded_Doctor, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If I select text in Word, I should be able to capitalize all of it by hitting caps lock, or put it all in quotes by hitting the quotation mark ―awinnie, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If I shout out "GOD IS GREAT!" right now on this packed subway I may get some strange looks. If I shout out "GOD IS GREAT!" in Arabic however I may cause a panic and get arrested. ―HardToPeeMidasTouch, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If I sold cocaine, I would use the line "is Pepsi okay?" Everyday ―qtip12, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If I spent my Reddit time reading something useful instead, I could probably be an expert in something genuinely beneficial to my life by now. ―htid85, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If I start watching Back to the Future II at 4:25:39 PM today, the time circuits in the movie and the actual time will line up exactly when they first arrive in 2015. ―RealHot_RealSteel, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If I started a religion, my God would have created everything in two days and then relaxed for five. ―Nonsuch33, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If I teach my parents something, they're learning from their mistake. ―joacofd, May 2016
observations	sfw	If I tell my auto insurance provider that I now identify as female, do my rates go down? ―oureyes, May 2016
observations	sfw	If I tell others I'll teach my sons to respect women, I sound like a nice guy. If I say I'll teach my daughters to respect men, I sound like a misogynist ―runnaway20, May 2015
observations	sfw	If I think in my own voice, does my dog think in his own barks? ―Wishful_Traveler, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If I throw around large amounts of shredded bread on public property, my proximity to ducks determines whether or not I'm littering. ―gogoALLthegadgets, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	If I throw around large amounts of shredded bread on public property, my proximity to pigeons determines whether or not I'm littering. ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If I touch my phone in the right places, a pizza will show up at my front door. ―drunk_bird, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If I treated real life like Reddit, anytime I would walk into a crowded room, I'd yell out a thought or question, leave for 10 minutes, go back in and walk around trying to hear if people were talking about what I said. ―First_Redditor_Ever, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If I used the term "Walmart sized people", you'd know exactly who I was talking about. ―XBOXeiner, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If I was 5 years old, I wouldnt understand 99% of the explanations offered in ELI5. ―ExProxy, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If I was a Gotham socialite I would have long since stopped going to benefits and fundraisers out of fear of being gassed, frozen, or tied up. ―victory_screech, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If I was a cashier at a pot shop, I would greet customers with "How high are you today?" Instead of "Hi, how are you today?". ―Urgafurg, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If I was a drug dealer, every time someone would ask for coke I would say, "is pepsi okay?" ―Alaskan_bull_worm94, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If I was a musician, I would let Weird Al parody my song under the stipulation that I be somewhere in the music video, dressed up as a parody of Weird Al ―schatzski, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If I was a pear farmer, my slogan would be "Grow a Pear". ―Im_Captain_Jack, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If I was a serial killer, I'd leave a Klondike bar wrapper at every murder scene, letting everyone know exactly what I would do for a Klondike bar. ―Veigar_Bot, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If I was a stripper I would call myself The Ogre, because I grind men's bones to make my bread. ―christballs, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If I was a toy manufacturer I would make make a talking toy that said things that were creepy 1 in 1000 times just to mess with people. ―sexypoobby, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If I was a woman, I'd be a seasonal stripper named Pumpkin Spice just to get money for Christmas Shopping. ―skypry, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If I was a writer or producer for a tv show, I would end every season/break with a cliffhanger, and go spend a couple days on reddit. Cause reddit really does have better ideas than most writers in Hollywood. ―BigGeorge6953, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If I was an Optometrist, my business card would say “You'll see! You'll all see!" ―EsquireKing, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If I was asked to describe color to a blind person, I would just hand them bottles of POWERADE and tell them the color they are drinking. ―triotone, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If I was born after nine months, and an hour before me, a premature baby was born after seven-and-a-half months, they would be older than me despite existing for a shorter period of time. ―Renegade917, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If I was born after nine months, and an hour before me, a premature baby was born after seven-and-a-half months, they would would be older than me despite existing for a shorter period of time. ―smatef, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If I was granted 50% off on every purchase I make for the rest of my life, I'd probably just end up with twice as much crap instead of more money in the bank. ―percival526, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If I was one of the first astronauts on Mars I would pat Curiosity rover on the head like a good dog. ―RPHoogle, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If I was studying to learn English, and I saw the word "Eighth" I think I'd just throw the book down and give up ―braunheiser, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If I was teleported to the middle ages, I'd have no idea how to recreate any current technology. ―KassHS, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If I were Chinese, I would point at random westerners' Chinese tattoos and say "Hey, I love shrimp fried rice as well!" ―cdna, May 2016
observations	sfw	If I were a cop, I'd drive an unmarked car with a "honk if you're drunk" bumper sticker. ―walden1nversion, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If I were a dentist, I would probably not recommend the best toothpaste ―send_me_boob-pics, May 2016
observations	sfw	If I were a famous celebrity, I'd only sign autographs as a trade. It'd be pretty cool to have a collection of thousands of fans' autographs. ―Whind_Soull, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If I were a judge, every time someone finished speaking in court I'd yell "Well I'll be the judge of that." ―childs25, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If I were a robber in Gotham City, I would wait until there were clear skies so the bat-signal had no clouds to be seen on. ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If I were a serial killer I would call myself the suspense so that the suspense would literally be killing people. ―AhrmiintheUnseen, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	If I were ever to commit a crime, I'd do it on April 1st in an outrageous costume. So when the police are called they'll be all "hurry a man in a spaghetti costume is robbing the bank" and the police will be all "naw nice try mate" ―WhiterunUK, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If I were gay, I'd only date guys my size, so we could share clothes. ―DarkwingDuc, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If I were immortal, I would have to be extra careful not to get trapped somewhere with no way to get out. ―jiveabillion, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If I were in the mafia, I'd always use a remote starter for my car ―alehx, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	If I were invisible I'd go to Paris and beat up a street mime...the amount of applause he would get would be incredible ―ratherenjoysbass, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If I were stranded on an island with a fully functioning plane and runway... I'd still be stranded on that island ―SmilingYellowSofa, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If I were to be diagnosed with cancer, I would cut off all my long hair before beginning chemo and have a wig made from my own hair. ―Bunkydoo, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If I were to kill a murderer, there would be the same number of murderers left in the world. ―WorzelBummidge, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If I were to kill a spider in my Reeses Pieces, I would say, "Rest in Pieces, Pest in Reeses." ―Ridankulas, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	If I were to kill someone that I really hated I would cremate them and plant their ashes with a tree. Then several years later I'll burn down the tree and kill that person again. ―Sham129, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If I were to quit my job today and become a psychic, I would advertise with a sign that reads, "Voted best psychic of 2016!" ―_perspicacious, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If I were to rename my cat Meow, he would basically be a pokemon who knows bite and scratch ―grau0wl, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If I were to turn invisible, light would pass straight through my eyes, so I'd be blind ―soulofgranola, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	If I win the powerball I won't tell anyone, then post a status on Facebook asking if anyone could help me move some furniture. Whoever offered would get $1,000,000. ―adamchain, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If I won a years supply of calendars, I would only win 1 calendar ―deard4, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If I wore a British flag sweater while in the UK, people would assume I'm a tourist. If I wore an American flag sweater while in America, they'd assume I'm a local. ―son_of_stone, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If I'm a 7 out of 10, that's the same as 3.5 out of 5. I probably wouldn't buy me on Amazon. ―good_job_nate, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If I'm brushing my teeth next to someone I always brush a bit longer than when I'm by myself. ―ack18chs, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If I'm ever being followed in a car, I'm gonna go to a fast food drive-thru and test their commitment. ―whatisthedealnow, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If I'm high enough to think my dog thinks I smoke too much, he's probably right. ―OhGodtheAssSpiders, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If I'm ignorant of the law, I get a citation. If the cop is ignorant of the law, I get a citation. ―Mister_Johnson_, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If I'm illegally downloading something with satellite Internet, wouldn't that make me a space pirate? ―jandk23, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If I'm lucky, my internal organs will never see the light of day. ―Strant, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	If I'm out walking my dog in public and we both have to pee, only he is allowed to. We've made laws that are specist against ourselves. ―SnailHunter, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	If I'm spelling a word correctly, the predictive keyboard on my phone should show me synonyms instead of six variants of the same word I'm currently typing. ―Nicetitts, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If Ice Cube got shot and killed instead of Tupac, would Tupac be making movies like "Are We There Yet?" and Cube would be remembered as one of the hardest rappers? ―EndsWithMan, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	If Instagram hadn't taken its name, "Instagram" may have ended up as a marijuana delivery service ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If J.J. Abrams screws up Star Wars, he will be referred to as Jar-Jar Abrahams forever more. ―JRichardson99, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If JJ Abrams doesn't do a good job with Episode VII, Star Wars fans will probably call him Jar Jar Abrams ―dashooke, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If Japan had won WWII, we'd be learning in school about the Japanese freeing people from the concentration camps in America. ―MaleGoddess, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If Jehovah's Witnesses believe there are only 144,000 spots in heaven, why do they go around telling everyone about it instead of keeping it a secret? ―TheBentWookie, May 2015
observations	sfw	If Jesus came back today, the most devout "Christians" would probably be the ones to persecute him. ―nonyface, May 2015
observations	sfw	If Jesus came to earth now, non-Christians would think he was mental and actual Christians would be offended that someone was claiming to be Jesus ―abueloshika, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If Jesus had been stoned to death, Christians would all wear little rocks around their necks ―slowpoke257, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If Jesus had died today, he probably would have been the subject of many memes just like Harambe ―TheDavyStar, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If Jesus was born to a virgin Mary, then he'd only have an X chromosome. That would make Jesus a female. ―--_--__--___--, May 2016
observations	sfw	If Jesus were born today, DNA tests would prove who the father was. ―mydogbuddha, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If Jews supposedly control the media, why can't we have any good Chanukah movies? ―ouchingtiger400, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If Jimmy John's wanted to open an upscale version of their restaurant, they could call it "James Johnathan's." ―Sir_Dude, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	If John Hammond really had "Spared no expense" you'd think he'd have hired more than one IT guy for Jurassic Park. ―jjake101, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If John McCain is a war failure for being captured, isn't Donald Trump a business/leadership failure for filing bankruptcies? ―CatchingRays, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If KFC sold buckets of just their breaded chicken skin, I'd buy it. ―Mofoe_Cake, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If Kanye West became President. You could find the first lady on pornhub. ―StoryOfPinocchio, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If Kanye West becomes president, it will be the first time in history that millions of people have seen the First Lady's nudes. ―sacala, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If Kanye West were to win Album of the Year over Beyonce, would he have to interrupt himself? ―Takadorable, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If Kanye runs for President in 2020 and wins, Taylor Swift should grab the mic and interrupt his inaugural address. ―dannyjerome0, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If Katniss and Peeta from "Hunger Games" were Hollywood celebrities, their supercouple nickname would either be Katpee or Peeniss ―beinagrind_i_skapnum, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	If Kim Jong Un does anything really impressive and tells people, no one will ever believe him ―IAMAWalrus_AMA, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If Kirby grew a beard it would also be his pubes. ―whud99, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If Leo was black, there would be millions of people who thought his race is why he hasn't won an Oscar. ―BrickityBrick, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If Leonardo DiCaprio did an AMA would no one give him gold to keep this joke going? ―Squadeep, May 2015
observations	sfw	If Leonardo Dicaprio ever wins an Oscar, he should pull out a dusty piece of paper and do an acceptance speech as if it's from 1993 ―specialservices, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If Leonardo Dicaprio wins an Oscar this year, they should get Steve Harvey to announce it just to make him nervous ―quitethequietdomino, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If London gets an NFL team they should be called The Redcoats and they have to play The Patriots once a year. ―filmgasm91, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If Lord of the Rings was written 2000 years ago, there would be a religion based on it. ―danknesslover02, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If Luke Skywalker ends up being the villain in the new Star Wars trilogy, then Obi-Wan Kenobi really sucks at training Jedis to be good. ―atownfasho, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If M. Night Shyamalan's next film doesn't have a twist at the end, I'll consider it as his biggest twist. ―BlondieClashNirvana, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If Malala from "I am Malala" does an AMA, and her space bar breaks, it will lead to the most confusing title of all time: IAMAMALALAOFIAMMALALAAMA. ―CRUNLUS, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If Marty McFly showed up today, he wouldn't need to change clothes. We would just think he was a hipster. ―Civil_Defense, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If Marty McFly time traveled to the actual 2015 his outfit wouldn't have looked out of place due to the vintage fashion trend ―TheLifeOfPepe, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If Mary gave birth to Jesus, and Jesus is the lamb of God, then clearly, Mary had a little lamb. ―hardcorvd, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If Mary had baby Jesus, and Jesus is the lamb of God.... Then Mary really did have a little lamb ―Indian_Of_Legend, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	If May the 4th is Star Wars Day, July the 7th should be James Bond Day. 07/07 = Double 07. ―[deleted], Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If McDonald's "forgot" a $.50 piece of extra cheese 10 times a day at each of their 36,000 locations, that wasn't disputed, then they steal 60+ million dollars a year. ―IseeSuns, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If McDonalds is serving breakfast all day, they should take a Spicy McChicken patty and put it on a McGriddle Bun and call it the McChicken N' Waffle ―weighingthedog, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If Men at Work and Men Without Hats formed a super group, they would be a potential OSHA violation. ―Lawdoc1, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If Michael Cera started a clothing line, he could use the slogan "Try Cera Tops" ―bangoskankwashere, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If Microsoft keeps naming new versions of Windows with the next higher number, eventually they'll get up to Windows 95 again. ―ju2tin, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If Microsoft let you play Minesweeper or Solitaire while Windows updated we'd hate Windows updates a lot less ―mmmmmmBacon12345, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If Mike Wazowski opens up a tattoo shop it would be called Monsters Ink ―supremeeasy, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If Money = Power, then Jewels = Joules ―Mathgeek007, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If Monopoly was invented today, you would be able to buy Jail like any other property. ―cracked_tail_fin, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If Netflix had a "I don't want to watch this movie. Ever" option, its recommendations would be much better ―pratchettjob, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If Netflix had trailers, it would make picking a movie a lot easier. ―kneesmagees, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If Netflix required you to sign in frequently... 80 percent of the people I know wouldn't have Netflix. ―isaacsmiller, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If Nintendo made a Virtual Reality Mario Kart that could quite possibly be the most insane game ever. ―El_Tentecal, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If North Korea ever does actually launch an attack, people in the future are going to think we were the most oblivious people in history. ―BlackMilk23, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If North Korea were human, it would be a teenager. It can't feed itself and makes loud threats that it never delivers on. ―The_Rolling_Stone, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If OJ Simpson never knifed his wife, Rob Kardashian and his demon spawn would be completely irrelevant. ―xpanicked, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If Obama was the president of Kenya, he would be their first white president. ―Sloth_Brotherhood, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	If Ocean's Eleven taught me anything, it is that the MGM Grand is going to get robbed after the fight tonight. ―f3rsure, May 2015
observations	sfw	If Oscar the Grouch had a hippie brother he'd live in the recycling bin. ―Adski673, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	If Professor Xavier ever tried to read Deadpool's mind, could he potentially break the fourth wall accidentally? Therefore discovering our world? ―MrMonster91, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If R2-D2 was carrying the plans for the death star inside of him, why did he need to jack into their system to find where to shut off the tractor beam? ―DeedSic, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If Rand Paul were to run for President and select Paul Ryan as his running mate, their campaign ticket (ex. Obama Biden 2012) would read Paul Ryan 2016. If they went by first names it would be Rand Paul 2016. ―Walrusmanifacation, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	If Reddit shut down for a month, sites like BuzzFeed would have no idea what to do for content. ―JerkStoreDude, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If Redtube wasn't a thing, Youtube Red would be named Redtube ―ScourgeOfTheOcean, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If Russia is "The Motherland" and Germany is "The Fatherland", does that make Poland the abused child? ―rayquazarocker, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If Samsung would have listened to their users and made the Note 7 have a user-removable battery, they could have saved billions on the recall by just exchanging the battery ―Leandover, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If Santa travels faster than the speed of light to deliver all of the presents in time, what good is a reindeer with a light up nose to guide the way? ―[deleted], Dec 2013
observations	sfw	If Satan punishes the bad guys, doesn't that make him a good guy? ―KarmaticArmageddon, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If September 11th would have happened on July 11th, it would have been completely devastating to the 7-Eleven company. ―fhylelove, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If Sheldon from Big Bang Theory was a real person, there would likely be few things on earth he would hate more than the show itself ―BrawndoTTM, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If Snapchat existed when I was a kid, it would be a fax machine hooked up to a shredder. ―Jay_Eye_MBOTH_WHY, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If Snapchat keeps all photos taken and underage people are always getting in trouble for taking nude selfies on Snapchat, does that make Snapchat the world's biggest collection of child pornography? ―DrFoosball, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If South Park did an episode about Reddit, nobody would understand the episode but Reddit. ―Murican_Freedom1776, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If Stanley Kubrick DID direct the moon landing, he would probably be so perfectionist he had them film on location anyway. ―MintSM, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If Star Wars REALLY happened a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, we might be able to watch it through a telescope right now or at some point in the future. ―lee-harvey-lawlswald, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	If Star Wars actually took place 'a long long time ago, in a galaxy far away," we could witness the destruction of the Death Star once the light from that location got to us. ―Azunias, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If Star Wars happened a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, I might be able to watch it through a telescope right now. ―andrewfargo, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If Steve Harvey hosts the Oscars next year, Leonardo DiCaprio might stand a chance to win one. ―PM_ME_STEAMGAMES_PLS, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If Steve Jobs was reincarnated into a Chinese family he would be old enough to be making iphones now. ―purpledesperado, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If Steven Avery ends up freed due to Making A Murderer, it'll be the first time Netflix ever led to anyone spending more time outdoors. ―OlafDumas, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If String Theory is true, and there are an infinite number of realities, could there be a reality in which String Theory isn't true? ―Tentaye, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If Taylor Swift did an AMA, it would be the perfect opportunity for a surprise Kanye West AMA. ―[deleted], Apr 2014
observations	sfw	If Tetris was released today for the first time, line pieces would probably be obtainable only through microtransactions. ―teeno731, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If The Revenant wins the Best Visual Effects Oscar this year and Leonardo DiCaprio doesn't end up winning Best Actor, then that means the Bear has won an Oscar and Leo hasn't ―ya_you_betcha, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If The wolf of wallstreet showed just 10 seconds of some family loosing their home beacause of bad investments the movie would feel totally different. ―[deleted], Jan 2014
observations	sfw	If US and Russia exchanged few warhead strikes, we could all play Fallout GO. ―arcticrobot, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If Virtual Reality games become a thing, pro gamers will need to be in shape as a physical sport athlete ―Bernasss, May 2015
observations	sfw	If Voldemort really wanted to kill Harry Potter on the night that the spell didn't work, he could've just picked him up and thrown him out a window given that Harry was a little baby ―mrnovember17, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If Voldemort really wanted to kill harry potter the night the spell didn’t work on him he could’ve just picked him up and thrown him out a window given the fact that he was a one year old infant. ―missinganthropy, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	If Volkswagen was in the cloning industry, their slogan could be "We Double You". *German Accent* ―Tunnelofpain, May 2014
observations	sfw	If Wayne and Garth were YouTubers they would've been massively successful. ―SaltySteveD87, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If Whose Line is it Anyway was rebooted as a live show, social media could use hashtag submissions to make it the best improv show ever ―Casual_H, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If Wikipedia wanted to reach the donation goal quicker, they should hold "blackouts" around exam weeks. ―[deleted], Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If Wile E. Coyote had enough money to buy all that ACME stuff, why didn't he just buy dinner ―Sushi_love, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If Will Smith wins an Oscar next year people will say it's because his wife protested. If he doesn't win an Oscar people will say it's because his wife protested. Either way he will never again receive full credit for his acting. ―LostSoulNAFishBowl, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If Wolverine has amazing healing capabilities, surely he should not have a belly button, as it should've healed. ―nathanmcguire97, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If Yoda quotes himself, does his sentence structure become normal? ―BrawlinStalin, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If [deleted] had a user page, it'd probably be the most entertaining read on all of reddit. ―corey_m_snow, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If [deleted] were actually a user, he would have the lowest comment karma on all of Reddit ―AppleBetas, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If a God does not exist, religions are the largest and craziest fandoms. ―Tittsburgh, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If a Kanye West biopic is made in the distant future, it will be almost impossible for the lead actor to believably portray him without seeming like they are "overacting" ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If a Mars Rover ever breaks down, NASA would have a 4th world problem. ―RedstoneRay, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If a Redditor created their account on February 29th, does the Cake Day icon only appear every 4 years? ―theslothoverlord, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If a Redditor mentions they have a girlfriend, nobody believes it. If they mention having a wife, nobody questions it. ―CheesyMightyMo, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If a Snickers is all it takes to satisfy you, you weren't hungry enough to justify your bad attitude. ―c4m31, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If a Stormtrooper shoots and kills a major character in the new Star Wars movie, it will be the greatest plot twist of all time. ―ANPhiK, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If a TV Show is cancelled, it should be mandatory for a final episode to be made that provides viewers with closure. ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If a TV ad ever asks you a question (like "fed up of juicing by hand?"), then you should be able to say "no", and the ad automatically stop. ―mrsthompsoon, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If a World War 3 happens, it would get really awkward online as we are able to talk with our enemies ―HowManyLettersCanFi, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If a baby is born at 1 AM EST in New York (10 PM PST the previous day), and a baby is born one hour later in Los Angeles (11 PM PST, 2 AM EST), the second child born is legally older, while actually being an hour younger. ―TheOrganicMachine, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If a baby is born on an airplane and then the plane crashes, it's possible that their date of death precedes their date of birth. ―allaboutthosevibes, May 2015
observations	sfw	If a blind person tells their significant other they've been seeing someone, it could either be really terrible news or really great news ―PsychedelicBukkake, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If a bra can be called an "Over the shoulder boulder holder", can underpants be called an "under the butt nut hut"? ―Mark_JT84, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If a broken clock is correct twice a day, and almost all clocks are somewhat ahead or behind the correct time, broken clocks have the correct time more frequently than working clocks... ―IrrelevantNexus, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If a building is built on a plot, and each floor is a story, is each room a chapter? ―qwertyboard_, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If a burglar broke into my house at night, I'm sure they'd give up after the fourth baby gate. ―67_Mopar, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If a car lives a successful life, it will never touch another car. ―cpappagiorgio, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If a character in Toy Story died, the toys would have to watch Andy play with the corpse of that character. ―skullgamer, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If a clock is broken, it will display the exact time twice a day. If it's working, it probably won't ever show the true time. ―Jhacker111, May 2014
observations	sfw	If a commercial annoys me, I'll go out of my way to avoid using the product. ―Death2Leviathan, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If a deaf person loses a finger, does it become a speech impediment? ―followmylied, May 2015
observations	sfw	If a dentist makes his money off people with unhealthy teeth, why should I trust a toothbrush and toothpaste that 4 out of 5 dentists recommend? ―Bubbybubs, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If a doctor is performing an abortion, and someone barges in yelling, "Abort, abort!", does he stop, or get really enthusiastic? ―iGALEXY, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If a dog were chasing a parrot, and the parrot happened to repeat the word "Sit," the dog might obey it as a command and neither animal would know what had just happened. ―KubrickIsMyCopilot, May 2016
observations	sfw	If a female inmate is released at that time of the month, her sentence ends with a period. ―verandaguy, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	If a fight video was uploaded to YouTube and was over 240p, not shaky, and not filmed in portrait, I would think it was faked ―BigJ76, May 2015
observations	sfw	If a ghost is trying to kill you, does he want you as a friend? ―daneerlr, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If a gif is open in another tab, and there is no one there to watch it, does it move? ―banditowl, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If a girl doesn't make you wear a condom, she probably didn't make anyone else wear one either... ―jc_work, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If a girl is hotter than me, I am by definition cooler than her ―NethioX, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If a girl likes water she already likes 75% of me ―randomstew, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If a girl likes water, she already likes 75% of me ―TophTater, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If a guy makes a girl cum in under a minute he's a god. If a girl makes a guy cum in under a minute she laughs about it with her friends. ―jloy88, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If a homeless person were to be placed under house arrest, would he be free to go any where he wants? ―Cmille19, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If a horcrux from Harry Potter splits your soul in half then Tom Riddles diary had far more of Voldemorts soul in it than Voldemort himself ―Kadinz, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If a human sperm cell contains 37.5 megabytes of data, and I have 215 million sperm cells, then I have an 8 petabyte ballsack. ―mcc5159, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If a linkin park song plays in the forest and there's no one around to hear it, in the end, does it even matter? ―markISsolid, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If a male gets breast implants, can his nipples be shown on TV? ―[deleted], Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If a man says you’re ugly he’s being mean; If a woman says you’re ugly she’s envious; If a little kid says you’re ugly...you’re ugly. ―ZeusThunder369, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If a man wears a thong and gets an erection would he give himself a wedgie ―aidclu06, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If a million of us picked a certain redditor and all donated just $1, we would have the power to make someone a millionaire ―moizmie, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If a million of us picked a certain redditor and followed them on social media, we would have the power to make someone famous ―doesitmakenoise, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If a minor goes to a store and accidentally breaks a bottle of alcohol they can't pay for it ―deanisthewenis, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If a movie bombs at the box office they should release all the footage to see if someone could edit together a better movie. ―TimetravelingGuide, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If a picture is worth a 1000 words, why can't I judge a book for it's cover? ―Oliisback, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If a pizza has radius 'z' and a thickness of 'a', then its volume can be defined as Pi(z*z)a ―aFPOON, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If a place where the road splits is a "fork in the road", would a cul-de-sac be a spoon in the road? ―RedTheSnapper, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If a president had a doctorate, would you still call them "Mr. President," or would you go for "Dr. President?" ―Merglyn, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	If a rabbit was a pokemon, it's evolution would be a kangaroo. ―Paddybdd, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If a rapper raps about how much money he has I just download his music for free. ―RedPenguinGB, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If a serial killer in pursuit of a running victim started yelling "It's a prank" they would probably catch them. ―stops_puns_with_ass, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If a serial killer murders one person after the other then a terrorist could also be called a parallel killer. ―ch00f, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	If a stranger insults me, I'l probably ignore it, as their opinion is meaningless. If a stranger compliments me, I'll probably treasure it, as their opinion is important. ―Zalthos, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If a three year old says ELI5, he's just being cocky. ―dunaan, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If a toy from Toy Story died, the kids wouldn't know, and the other toys would have to watch the kids play with their corpses. ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If a vegan treats a girl "like a piece of meat," he is probably actually quite respectful. ―comebackjonstewart, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If a website blocks me from viewing them with an adblocker, I'm perfectly fine with closing the tab 100% of the time. ―justintoronto, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If a website stored my incorrect password attempts, they could get passwords to most of my accounts. ―[deleted], Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If a woman climaxes fast the man sees it as a compliment. If a man climaxes fast it is seen as. a shameful joke. ―_Buff_Drinklots_, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If a woman has preference for tall men, that's OK. If a man has a preference for Asian women, he has a "fetish." ―dunkindoughnuts2016, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If a woman was pregnant with the spawn of the devil, would the Church want her to abort it? ―KingKrabbe, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If a zombie outbreak happened on Halloween, the resulting post apocalyptic world would be much more visually interesting. ―Wasabi_Nasal_Spray, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If ads had like and dislike buttons, maybe companies would realize how annoying they were and make better ones. ―flynnsanity3, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If alcohol reveals your true self, then my real self just want to go to sleep. ―goethean, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If alcohol was classified like any other drug it would be a prime example of how drugs can ruin your life ―Aorus_, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If alcohol were invented right now, it would be classified as an extremely dangerous drug, and a societal threat. ―slystabbone, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If alien life is ever discovered, 'aliens don't exist' will become the new popular conspiracy theory ―albinosamosa, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If aliens actually landed, there would be conspiracy theories explaining why they didn't. ―whatdoyouwantwarren, May 2016
observations	sfw	If aliens come to earth, we have to explain why we made dozens of movies in which we fight and kill them ―sKnochenbrecher, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If all fingerprints are unique, and act as friction pads, then some people are inherently better at holding onto things than others. ―[deleted], Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If all men get a boner every morning, then it means humanity has been doing an unending boner wave around the earth since forever. ―steveo202c, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If all other humans disappeared, my first indication would not be empty streets but a standstill of Reddit and Facebook. ―ha_ya, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If all previous Presidents were black, Barack Obama would be the first white President ―KayzeMSC, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	If all the original members of a band were replaced, most people would argue that it's not the same band. But a sports team replaces all of its members after a certain number of years, and it's still the same team. ―[deleted], Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If an actor I admire turns out to be completely detestable IRL, I should actually be even more impressed with his acting skills. ―hawbuck, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If an adult had told me as a child that they secretly don't have a clue what they're doing, growing up would have been a lot less of a shock. ―SithKain, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If an adult had told me as a child that they secretly don’t have a clue what they’re doing, growing up would have been a lot less of a shock. ―ulaalaa, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If an alien came up to me one day and said "take me to your leader", I would have no idea how to accomplish that. ―mtrowb, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If an alien came up to me one day and said “take me to your leader”, I would have no idea how to accomplish that. ―Jack_leon25, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If an angel were to come speak to me, I'd be more convinced I had schizophrenia than that God existed. ―psychyness, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If an anthropologist was studying my sexual habits, they would think that my biggest turn on was doing homework. ―GoddamntCharlie, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If an apple a day really kept the doctor away, some scumbag company would corner the apple industry, and sell them $100 an apple. ―Richard_Sout, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If an egg is broken by an outside force, life ends. If an egg is broken by an inside force, life begins. ―RichardMoisten, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	If an egg is broken by an outside force, life ends. If an egg is broken by an inside force, life begins. ―mungoflago, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If an hourly worker is involved in a hostage situation at work, do they get paid for being there? Does that make them a professional hostage? ―AdAstraHawk, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If an illegal immigrant fought a child molester would it be Predator VS. Alien ―BrawlinStalin, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If ancient Egyptians could see the internet today, they'd be very proud of the amount of cat videos. ―kyrind, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If animated GIFs are popular, doesn't that mean silent movies are back in style? ―smallpoly, May 2015
observations	sfw	If another country goes to the moon and knocks over the USA flag I would bet the US is crazy enough to send people back to the moon just to fix it and put the flag up right again. ―SuicideSheep_, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If any great Scientist had died as a child, other scientists would have eventually made their discoveries. If any great Writer had died as a child, no one else would ever have written their books. ―RunDNA, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If anyone should be pro-marijuana, it's the snack food industry. ―TheGreenAbe, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If anyone was given the challenge to fall asleep in 10 minutes in exchange for a million dollars, almost everyone would fail miserably. ―MeGustaUsername, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	If anything terrible should ever happen to Weird Al, God forbid, there should be a tribute concert where artists perform Al's versions of their songs. ―stactup, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If arms manufacturers started using pig leather for gun grips, ISIS wouldn't be able to use them ―songok_uu, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If assisted suicide were legal, people could have planned death ceremonies and speeches. ―shogi_x, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	If baby humans and animals look so cute to keep us from caring how annoying and needy they are and not kill them, I wonder if blind people are more prone to just drop kicking a crying infant. ―Fanshelpmesleep, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If bad luck was real, we would have weaponized it long ago. Releasing black cats into enemy camps. Dangling massive ladders under planes and flying over occupied territory. Hiding mirrors under dirt on enemy roads. ―ThatOneVRGuyFromAuz, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If baldness was as common in women as men, we would have found a cure by now ―jnothing, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If batman's parents were still alive he would probably still be raised by Alfred. ―fruitchicken, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If batteries could be charged from the friction of scrolling, our phones would never die. ―dieingstar, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If bill gates lost $1mil at a casino, he could buy the casino to get his money back. ―Timedoutsob, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If birds didn't exist would planes? ―Amputatoes, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If both arms were on one side of the body, T-shirts would be called F-shirts ―An_actual_stalker, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If bud light was part of the box tops program, my kid's school would have a planetarium and a hockey team. ―secret-clouds, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If cable companies can say "Up to 20Mb/s" , I should be able to to pay them "up to $39.99". ―thewholebenchilada, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If cannibalism was socially accepted, saying "I'm in the mood for Chinese" would have a completely different meaning. ―fuathan, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If cats had wings,they'd still just lay there. ―Cemil55, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If cats ran society, catnip might be an illegal drug; If they had pet humans, they might buy marijuana to watch us get wonky. ―RVAR4R, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If censorship was truly effective, then we'd have no idea it was even happening ―JayBeeBop, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If children's beauty pageants didn't already exist, and you tried to start one, you'd probably go to jail ―Curly_Balls, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If cigarette taxes are to stop people from smoking, doesn't that mean income taxes are to stop people from working? ―SamsterOverdrive, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If colleges really want to prepare high school students for today's job market then they should only accept students who have "at least 2-3 years college experience". ―Arpeggi42, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If combat in Harry Potter is based on saying spells quickly and at the right time, rappers would basically be the magical Navy SEALs. ―Snoopislurking, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If congressmen and women don't show up to work, then they should not be able to get paid. Just like everyone else who doesn't show up to work. ―The_Hambino, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If cops need to shoot dogs to stay safe, our postal workers are woefully unarmed. ―FreedomsTorch, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If deer could speak, the females would say to the males, "Nice rack." ―ih8legal, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If dentists make money from people with bad teeth, why should I trust a toothpaste that 9/10 dentists recommend. ―ser_onion_knight, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If depictions of Hitler's mustache were illegal, you couldn't put a black bar over them. ―thedumperor, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If dirty jokes are known as adult jokes, why are you called immature if you laugh at them? ―relativedimensions, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	If dismembering someone means to take off their limbs, shouldn't remembering someone mean putting them back together? ―Nigelmoore212, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If doctor had told me I have 6 months left to live, I would approach it as any other deadline and probably just be lazy until the last month. ―elfizad, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If dogs really can sense evil, maybe all those tragedies where pit bulls kill infants are just the dog stopping a future serial killer before it's too late. ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If eHarmony is so good why would you need a year subscription? ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	sfw	If earphones keep getting tangled and shoelaces keep getting untangled, why don't we use earphones as shoelaces and shoelaces as earphones? ―sashamallaa, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If employee of the month won a private bathroom instead of a parking spot, I would be way more motivated at my job. ―itsoutthere, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If enough Olympians contract Zika in Brazil this summer at least we can look forward to a really kickass Special Olympics in about 20 years. ―TurdsOnThat, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If enough people in the same area have the same speech impediment it becomes an accent ―fibz, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If every U.S. sports team converted to metric, Americans would understand the metric system by the next game. ―imantisocial, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If every cigarette takes 5 mins off my life, but I spend 10 mins enjoying it, then I'm still operating at a net gain. ―gaythxbai, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If every person on earth was required to spend one work day a year naked we would all workout more. ―PDSnowden, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If every person worldwide blinked simultaneously, nobody would notice. ―SSBroski, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If everybody was consistently as determined as they are when they carry all groceries in one trip, this world would be in a better place ―thewitbandit, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If everyone alive today would blink at the same time, no one would notice. ―Thilo-Costanza, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	If everyone gets sent to prison for illegally downloading music one day, I hope they at least separate us all by genre. ―Loudsilences, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If everyone on Earth died simultaneously, the Internet would be comprised entirely of bots posting, liking and upvoting each other. ―RBII, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If everyone stays in character all night, a halloween party is basically a highly confusing, plotless LARP game ―[deleted], Oct 2013
observations	sfw	If everyone was given one free, totally legal kill in their life, I bet everyone would be much nicer to one another. ―FreedomsAway, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If everyone were blind, racial slurs would all be about how people sound. ―KubrickIsMyCopilot, May 2016
observations	sfw	If everything that's happened in 2016 happened in 2012, we'd all be taking the whole Mayan apocalypse thing very seriously. ―krazyyeti555, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If facebook added an anonymous dislike button, there would be a lot less garbage on our newsfeeds. ―Kyankik, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If farts smelt nice people would ask you for the recipe eg."what did you eat to get that smell?" ―SirSaucySquid, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	If fast food places gave cashiers 1% of the orders they rung up back as a bonus, they'd probably see productivty and upselling Skyrocket. They'd tell all their friends and family to eat there and would be super motivated. It could easily pay for itself. ―balancespec2, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If fat cells are just a body's way of storing energy to use later... I'm not fat, I'm full of potential. ―chibipan222, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If febreze really did eliminate smells, the scented version wouldn't exist. ―geor9e, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If female lunch servers are referred to as "Lunch Ladies," shouldn't male ones be called "Lunch Lords?" ―thenacho1, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	If fire drills have done anything for me, they've taught me to treat fire alarms as a joke. ―RPaye, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If fish could scream, fishing would probably be a lot less popular. ―postymcpostpost, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If fish keep declining, future generations will think “plenty of fish in the sea” is a sarcastic quip meaning they will never find anyone. ―Jack_leon25, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If five slaves had an orgy in the 1800's, it would be considered a three way. ―Hunterman75, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If football had not existed, Messi would be a normal guy. Maybe I'm the best player of a sport that doesn't exist, and that's why I'm a normal guy. ―ILikeWoodenTables, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If gangsters held their phones like they held their guns, world-star would have a lot more watchable content. ―FifaBribes, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If ghosts are real, why do people expect to see them in abandoned old places? If I were a ghost I'd hang out at like disneyland or a girl's shower room ―diff2, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If ghosts existed, why are they all apparently from the last 100 years or so? Wouldn't there be evidence of a Neanderthal ghost here and there? ―Shawanabear, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If giraffes didn't exist, they would be way less plausible than unicorns. ―hephaestion2, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	If glasses become sexy, then having bad eyesight will make you more likely to reproduce. We will be reversing evolution. ―CrazyLlama1950, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If gravity were to randomly cut off, cars would launch off the ground due to the force in the suspension. ―MrSanch2u, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If gym equipment was invisible, gyms would look like silent raves. ―iwinalot7, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If hackers really wanted to embarrass America, they should disable the red underline that appears if you misspell a word ―triplealpha, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If hell is as full of gay people as they say it is, I'm going to have a really good time ―If-it-isnt-her, May 2015
observations	sfw	If high school was a movie, high schoolers wouldn't be allowed to watch it. ―1greekman, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If hollister and LaCoste decided to merge, I don't think many people would wear Hollicoste brand clothing ―billowingfruit, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If humanity was wiped out today there would still be bots posting on reddit. ―trickman01, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If humans could fly, we'd consider it exercise and never do it. ―DiogenesK9, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	If humans didn't wear clothing, we'd all be in better shape. ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If humans had 100% control of their body's, they'd probably not do anything but release dopamine into their brain 24/7 ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If humans had invented refrigeration early on, our food would be extremely bland with no cheeses, cured meats, pickled veggies, smoked fish, sweet jams, etc. ―aloofloofah, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If humans had three legs, we'd call sandals flip-flap-flops ―set_fr, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If humans share 50-60% of DNA with bananas, does that mean some people are 10% more banana than others? ―djinforthewin, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	If humans showing compassion to animals is called humane, then is dog showing compassion to humans called doge? ―birdisaword, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If humans would live up to 1000 years instead of 100 or less we would think very differently about climate change. ―menuk, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If i owned a taser I'd probably get curious to see how it feels and taser myself and that's why i dont own a taser. ―Cock_Vomit, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If i see a video on Reddit that's longer than 2 minutes, I think to myself "I don't have time to watch a video that long" then proceed to spend another hour dicking around on Reddit ―DankLoaf, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If i'm wiping off my vacuum cleaner with a towel, that makes me a vacuum cleaner. ―FiveWoodWilson, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If immortality becomes a thing... I'm going to quit my job and become a divorce attorney. ―imgonnabeatit, May 2016
observations	sfw	If it is "never too late" to start something. Then why start today? ―Coercive_Host, May 2016
observations	sfw	If it was true that one's manhood was directly proportional to the size of one's shoes, and inversely proportional to the size of one's car, then clowns would be record holders. ―Prezombie, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If it wasn't for pizza, I would never know I liked pepperoni. ―Metropolis9999, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If it weren't for all the bullshit and scandal, I wouldn't even know the Olympics was happening right now. ―hoikarnage, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If it weren't for auto correct, I would never have heard of Redditch, England. ―mtme3, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If items in a vending machine were all $1 instead of $1.15 or $1.25, I'd be much more inclined to buy something. ―cowo94, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If job ads say "must be fluent in Mandarin" why don't they post the entire ad in Mandarin, that way only genuinely fluent people could apply? ―Scamwau, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	If joggers did not exist, who would find all the dead bodies?? ―laurellance77, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If keyboards came with braille on them, we all could have subconsciously learned braille by now. ―fatdonuthole, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If kids can stay on their parent insurance until 26, parents should be able to go their kids insurance at 65. Social Security and Medicare problem solved. ―Brain_Beam, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If kids these days read something about an 8 inch floppy disk, they might just think it is a typo ―Baconandfudge, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If last names came from professions like Blacksmith, Fischer, and Hunter; then someone drop the ball with Dickinson ―HanSoloCenturyFalkon, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If libraries were thought up today, they would be shut down by book industry lobbyists ―cat_master_plan, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If life was an MMO people would criticize it for its awful balancing and how much mindless grinding you have to do. ―dmazin, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If lightsabers ever get mass produced the companies name should be Sith &amp; Wesson. ―DenchRips, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If marijuana ever becomes fully legal, drug sniffing dogs will have to be retrained to ignore the smell. ―the_visalian, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If marijuana ever does become legal, Ziploc is going to take quite a hit. ―AboMoFo, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If math is the universal language, then the imperial measurement system is a speech impediment. ―Qwardian, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If men can "think with the wrong head" does that mean women "talk with the wrong lips" sometimes? ―captainobvious254, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If men make more money than women, then financially it's a good idea to be gay. ―DarthNarwhals, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If men wake up aroused with erections we call it morning wood, so if women wake up wet and aroused should we call it "morning dew?" ―Macular_Patdown, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If moments of your life really do flash before your eyes when you die, I hope mine are all my embarrassing moments so I'll be happy I'm dead. ―StarryEyedLady, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If money grew on trees, Congress would actually care about the environment. ―Athejew, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If most murder victims know their killer does it mean every time we meet someone new it increases our chance of being murdered? ―IAmBrighty, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If mother earth is 4.5 billion years old, and it will probably only last around 7.9 billion years, couldnt that mean that global warming is just the earth going through menopause? ―im_not_leo, May 2016
observations	sfw	If my boss handed me my hourly wage in cash every hour I'd probably appreciate my job a lot more ―11181514, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history. ―I_yike_nat, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If my chopsticks are made in China, does this mean they are high or low quality? ―Dr__Flo__, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	If my data is used to stream an advertisement I should get paid for it. ―Kuugjuaq, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If my dog has a pill that keeps mosquitos, ticks and fleas away from her for a month, why don't humans have the same? ―Lefty76, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If my dog left, no matter for now long, and I didn't know where he went, I would be as happy to see him when he got back as he is to see me when I come home. ―evlbuxmbetty, May 2016
observations	sfw	If my dog pees on a tree to mark his territory, does he think my family is having a turf war over our bathroom? ―DevilsAdvocate1217, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If my dr said I have only 8 hours to live, I'd spend them at the Macy's makeup counter with my wife because I'd run out of things to idly look at after two minutes and the rest of the 8 hours would feel like a lifetime. ―djriko, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If my dream girl exists, I'll never meet her because she prefers to chill at home ―pupuwalker, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If my dream girl exists, I’ll never meet her because she prefers to chill at home. ―Patrick52Andrew, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If my drinking interferes with my work, then I'm an alcoholic, right? So am I a workaholic because my work is getting in the way of my drinking? ―Boseddit, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If my driver's license expires, shouldn't it still be valid to use as an ID? It's not like I all-of-the-sudden stopped being me. ―chaddgar, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If my future husband is as introverted as me, I'll never meet him. ―morthrow, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If my girlfriend and I break up, I will never see her dog again and he will have no idea why. ―[deleted], May 2015
observations	sfw	If my job was to browse reddit I would probably spend less time on reddit at work. ―smileedude, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If my last name was Pepper, I would feel inclined to complete a doctorates degree. ―Fumane, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If my name was Brad, then I would be 75% rad. ―Wot_Gorilla_2112, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If my name was Norman Stein, I'd have a son and name him Frank N. Stein and strongly urge him to get a PHD. Thereby successfully completing the ultimate dad joke ―Mjeck, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If my nose was on upside down, I'd drown while taking this shower. ―Cry2Laugh, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	If my parents had named me "Pepper", I'd have been much more enthusiastic about pursuing a PhD. ―RS60fan, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If my wife would get dressed as fast as she used to when her parents came home early, we would never be late to dinner. ―nuggsgalore, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If my wish that my son becomes Batman ever comes true, I won't be around to see it happen. ―RideWelland, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If nobody in the world was willing to join their respective country's military, nobody would need to. ―hermoglobin, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	If nobody remembers my birthday, why do they still say it's a bad password? ―eve_naive, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If nothing can ever be created or destroyed you are actually as old as the entire universe. ―damnitdes, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If nuclear weapons didn't exist, we'd probably still have one devastating war every generation. ―ryandinho14, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If nude pictures of a person with a twin get leaked, its almost as bad for the twin ―PostHipsterCool, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	If nudism became the social norm, I bet you'd have to shave your pubes into fun fashionable shapes ―TDrizzles, May 2014
observations	sfw	If nudity were socially acceptable, pubic hair styling could be a legitimate profession ―ALostPastor, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	If objects attract all other objects in the universe, then no matter how small the force, the turd I just dropped in the toilet is pulling Jennifer Lawrence closer to me. ―Qrrbrbirlbelz, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If oceanographers ever found a Kraken, they would put it in an aquarium. Then an animal activist group would start a mob outside with signs saying "Release the Kraken!" ―KellyfromLeedsUK, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If oceanographers ever found a kraken, they would put it in an aquarium. Then an animal activist group would start a mob outside with signs saying "Release the Kraken!" ―Samoht_Tloh, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If one of the Muppets gives you a blowjob, are you getting a handjob as well? ―JamesA91, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If one of the toys from Toy Story died, the kids wouldn't know. The other toys would have to watch them play with corpses. ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If one person says a word wrong, it's a mispronunciation. If enough people do it, it's an accent. ―yellowbasket, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If only mosquitos sucked fat instead of blood... ―WhyUSoMadFor, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If opposites attract, I should be dating a gorgeous, billionaire supermodel that has a loving family. ―oppleTANK, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If organized crime started printing high quality counterfeit college textbooks and then sold them at cut rate prices, it would be a really good public relations move. ―jesusfriedmycarnitas, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If others hear your flatulence, it was so powerful that it caused bones in their heads to vibrate. ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If our ISP's cap data, ads should be considered theft. ―DildoDouchBaggins, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If our buttcracks were horizontal they'd clap when we climbed stairs. ―nobedtime12, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If our pupils dilate when we're attracted to someone, is that why some people's smiles "light up the room?" ―NBDAnthos, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If oxygen was to just suddenly disappear from earths atmosphere, sick patients on oxygen would wonder why everyone just died. ―LuKirby, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If people adopted last names like they did in the past, Jim CustomerServicer or Matt TeamLeader are just some examples of what aweful things we'd be called. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If people are going to start being fined for smoking in the car with kids, we should start fining mothers who smoke with kids in their stomach. ―keptfloatin707, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If people don't recognize Clark Kent as Superman because of his glasses, does his eye doctor know his true identity? ―oldtobes, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	If people ever stop using the word 'baby' to refer to sexual/romantic partners, our era if music is going to be weird to listen to. ―gypsyWizard, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If people on a planet 65 million light years away look at earth, they see dinosaurs. ―Rowhardorrowhome, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	If people on the show "Cribs" had the same amount of stuff but smaller houses, they would be on the show "Hoarders" ―Quarkis, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If people who hate minions subscribe to /r/MinionHate, it fills their front page with even more minions. ―WADERMELON, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If periods were a side-effect of a fertility drug, the FDA would never approve it. ―pegstrom, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If phone companies stopped trying to make phones thinner we might get reasonable battery life. ―JDaxe, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If pi really is non-repeating and unending, then every possible numeric sequence is in it. Converted to binary, every possible set of instructions is in it. All the data in the universe is in it. Therefore, everything is a piece of pi. ―[deleted], Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If pigs could fly I bet their wings would taste delicious. ―[deleted], Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If pigs could fly just imagine how good their wings would taste. ―Smigg_e, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If pigs could fly, the price of bacon would skyrocket because they'd be harder to farm. ―[deleted], Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If pirates in media today are any indication, 300 years from now children's shows will have loveable, goofy jihadi terrorist characters. ―ElZanco, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If planet Earth is in fact the third planet from the Sun does that mean every country is a third-world country? ―LiteSh0w, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	If praying would actually work, it'd be forbidden in all professional sports. ―mns1, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If princesses get their beauty rest, do men get a good-knight's sleep? ―KingSlenderr, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If prisons let prisoners take their own mugshots, would it be called cellfies? ―VeritableStalker, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	If prostitutes charged by the minute, then I would be able to afford their services. ―honey_doo, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If rat poison kills more animals than just rats, maybe we just call it poison ―reddit-user-6913, May 2015
observations	sfw	If reddit provided an option for users to give someone the opposite of gold (like a brown turd), people would probably be more likely to pay to let someone know just how terrible their comment or post is. ―samicktorino, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If reincarnation is real, I wonder if I've ever read anything about my previous life without realizing it. ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	sfw	If reincarnation is real, suicide would be a temporary solution to a permanent problem ―Jonny_Axehandle, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If s stripper is an exotic dancer, does that make a drug dealer an exotic pharmacist? ―IXenomorph9605, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If santa keeps track of "naughty" kids every "year", and the year doesn't start until January 1st, that leaves 6 days after Christmas and New Years left undocumented, so nothing you do can be held against you. ―PeteDelkus, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If sea creatures are hurt, I wonder if the salt in their wounds burns so much... ―KrishaCZ, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If self-driving cars kick in fast enough, Women may never be able to drive in Saudi Arabia. ―mtlroadie, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If service dogs knew that they wear signs that say "don't pet me" all day they'd get really upset. ―daulton_storm, May 2015
observations	sfw	If shadowbanned users could see other shadowbanned user's posts and comments, it would make for an interesting "underground" reddit community. ―Couchtiger23, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If shaving commercials want to impress me then they should shave a bison, not hairless legs. ―Tm23246, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If she types faster on a touchscreen than a keyboard, she's probably too young for you ―Frooby, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If she wasn't famous, Oprah would just be one of those Facebook moms that fall for fake news stories, clickbait and trolls. ―[deleted], Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If sign spinners unionize and go on strike, it will be the most glorious picket line ever. ―mikeymike118, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If smartphones had been invented 50 years ago they'd probably have a cigarette lighter built in ―AssCalloway, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If somebody who is allergic to eggs has eggs thrown at their house, it's practically biological warfare. ―Actually_The_Flash, May 2016
observations	sfw	If someone 50 years ago were told that there would one day only be eight planets, they would think something incredibly exciting happened. ―HaughtyLOL, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If someone crashed in a self driving Google car, they would have to send a real crash report to Google. ―not_today_23, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If someone dies in their thirties, their teenage angst was a midlife crisis. ―[deleted], May 2014
observations	sfw	If someone ever grabs me by the lapels and frantically asks me what the date is, I will be sure to include the year in my answer. ―superbob_92, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If someone farts at a poker tournament, no one will ever know who did it. ―Frustratinglyshortna, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If someone farts at a poker tournament, no one will ever know who did it. ―yoloswagginstheturd, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If someone forgets to clear the time on the microwave, after 3 minutes it should automatically default back to displaying the time. ―AssaultBuick, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If someone is making you dig your own grave, just say no. They are gonna kill you anyway, why not make them do the work. ―Insendius, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If someone killed the 1st zombie, stopping a zombie apocalypse from happening, he\she would more then likely go to prison ―Kelpt, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If someone knocks on my door to talk religion, I shoo them away. If someone wanted to talk about hypothetical space worlds, I'd probably invite them in. ―badrowbot, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If someone on the internet leads their post with "English is not my native language.", you can be almost certain they're about to trot out the finest of the King's English. ―wtmh, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If someone says "I'm gay" over and over people would think "oh we know, shut up about it." But if a person says "I'm straight" over and over again people would think they're gay. ―logangrey123, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If someone says "You love to argue" There is NOTHING you can do about it. ―NobleSC3, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If someone says "pinch me, I must be dreaming". You shouldn't pinch them, because if they wake up you stop existing. ―godofintangibility, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If someone says they will "google" something in a show or a movie, they probably aren't getting payed for it. But if they say they will look something up on Bing, you can bet it's product placement. ―LordNicht, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If someone says to you "say one more bad thing about my sister and you'll get beat up" and you reply "she's good in bed", should you get beat up? ―pizza_is_a_lie, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	If someone shouts "GET DOWN" or "PUT YOUR HANDS UP", you're about to have a great time, or a really bad one. ―BryceLawrence, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If someone tells me they're dumb, I assume they're smarter than they think, but of someone tells me they're smart I assume they're dumber than they think. ―augustprep, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If someone tells you that they are making 6 figures a year they either have a really great job or they're the worst worker in a toy factory. ―goateyboyjr, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If someone tells you that you're the pineapple to their pizza, you don't know if it's a really good or really bad thing. ―theavocadoparadox, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If someone told me to transport a $30,000 object that, if mishandled, could kill everyone around it, I would walk it so slowly and carefully to its destination. But I drive my car with one hand, while messing with the radio, going 70 mph. ―notagangsta, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If someone uses there, their, or they're incorrectly, I immediately assume I'm smarter than them based off of one mistake. ―LegendOfKhaos, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If someone was born tomorrow on 3/14/15 at 9:26:53... And lived for one hundred years they would have experienced a full circle in their life ―asaucyfella, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If someone were to take the flesh-eating drug Krokodil and rage-inducing bath salts at the same time, they could become a very realistic-looking zombie. ―MY_HARD_BOILED_EGGS, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	If someone would have told me 10 years ago that people in 2016 would be walking around with vaporizing pens I would have thought it would be something way more cool than what it really is. ―NoNiceGuy71, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If something "goes downhill" it means it worsened, but if we say things are going to go "uphill" that means it's going to get harder. There's no winning when it comes to hills. ―[deleted], Jun 2013
observations	sfw	If something breaks easily, it's either really cheap or really expensive ―PinkestPieNA, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If something is "unfoldable", does that mean that you can't fold it, or that you can unfold it? ―jonnis2206, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If something really "worked like a dream" it's instructions would be really odd and difficult to remember. ―tomtom615, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If spider-man lived in rural area, he would have to drive to get around ―Joepth6, May 2014
observations	sfw	If steroids are banned for athletes, auto-tune should be banned for singers. ―Beop_Jeong, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If steroids are banned in bodybuilding competitions, makeup and plastic surgery should be banned in beauty pageants. ―talalq8i, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If suddenly /r/outoftheloop is made private, I won't ever figure out why. ―HoneyIsTheBestPolicy, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If sunscreen was called Cancer Repellent more people would use it. ―NightSnake, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If super heroes were real, I doubt they'd spend as much time in 1st World Countries, like they do in the comics. ―Jimothy_Riggins, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If terrorists ever scare me as much as "being in the wrong neighborhood" in my own country, the USA, I'll let you know. ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	sfw	If the "Six Million Dollar Man" show were set in the present day, instead of a bionic man it would just be a guy that had two knee replacements. ―keeperofthedingo, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If the 'Fresh Prince' had made that shot, there'd be no show. ―somethingcool-1, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	If the 9/11 attacks had instead occurred on April 20th, nobody would ever say "4/20 blaze it" ―AWildHipsterAppears, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	If the Bachelor was Mormon, the show would only be 1 episode. ―Urwinator, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	If the Chargers and Rams move into a stadium together, it should be sponsered by Dodge... ―v-shizzle, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If the Civilization series reaches its 104th game, it would be called Civ CIV. ―Cadu1507, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	If the Curiosity rover has a Twitter account it should also have Reddit account where it can post mars-themed TILs ―Randomd0g, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If the Disney movie "Inside Out" we're set in a young teen boy's head, it would have to be rated NC-17. ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If the Fault in Our Stars movies failed because of bad acting, the fault would be in their stars. ―Dumprrr, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If the Mayans had ended their calendar in 2016 ,instead of 2012, it would have been a lot more believable. ―Justin_roy745, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If the Mayans had ended their calendar in 2016 ,instead of 2012, it would have been a lot more believeable. ―JVM_, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If the Mayans had predicted 2016 as the final year instead of 2012, it would have been pretty convincing ―Bigbootyjudytooty2, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If the Mayans had predicted December 2016 instead of 2012 as the end of the world, it would look pretty darn convincing at this point. ―ReachTheSky, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If the Mythbusters made a show with the guys from Jackass (testing the myths on them) it would be spectacular. ―ranga_tayng, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If the NSA is recording everything that passes along the internet, couldn't record and film companies use their draconian copyright laws to sue them? ―_batou, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If the Nazis used government funds to install those "break glass in case of emergency" axes in their buildings, then that means they were using easy access axes Axis taxes. ―Sir_Kegglesworth, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	If the Pope sneezes, nobody is in a high enough position of power to bless him ―Ginglymostomatidae, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If the Presbyterian church now has gay marriage as a part of its religion, laws banning gay marriage now infringe on the religious freedom of Christians. ―Dixzon, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	If the Queen in Snow White has magic powers and can turn herself into an old hag why doesn't she turn herself into someone more beautiful than Snow White? ―WebcamsReviewed, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If the September 11th attacks were to have happened in July, 7-Eleven possibly would have gone out of business ―thinks_he_got_gold, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If the Tooth Fairy was real, they would just be an expert criminal with a really weird fetish. ―Theholycasson, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If the USA were a gritty drama on HBO or Netflix, we'd all be complaining about how unrealistic this latest season has been. ―rosewards, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If the Virgin Mary had a sister, the sister would be the Auntie Christ! ―[deleted], Aug 2013
observations	sfw	If the ancient Egyptians used to worship cats and write on walls, then the internet made us the modern Egyptians ―sammyjamez, May 2016
observations	sfw	If the app store had a "try before you buy" feature, I'd probably buy a lot more apps ―Fatkin, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If the avengers were real, city contractors would be billionaires ―chevy1234567, May 2015
observations	sfw	If the big religions of the world started out today, they would just be passed off as cults and laughed at. ―skoomaaddict85, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If the blood of Christ is wine and the average alcohol content of wine is 13.5% then Jesus was 168.75 time over the legal limit to drive. Jesus don't take the wheel. ―woah_joe_no, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If the dead were to ever rise from their graves, they would all be really well dressed. ―oleshrimpdog, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If the earth is the 3rd planet from the sun, aren't all countries technically 3rd world countries? ―badwolf128, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If the girls who post on r/gonewild saw pictures of the guys who were commenting on their photos, they probably wouldn't feel the same level of validation anymore. ―Finallyausername, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If the gold rush had happened just 20 years later there would be a football team called the 69ers. ―Grohingdust, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If the good die young, then why must we respect our elders? ―I_chew_big_red, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If the goverment is hiding the knowledge of aliens from us, they must be doing a much better job of it than they seem to do at anything else. ―DarylDixion, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If the government waged a war on potholes instead of pot then they would be making the country a safer place. ―i_have_a_semicolon, May 2015
observations	sfw	If the guy that got beheaded at the start of Skyrim had just let the priest give him his last rites, there's a really good chance he would have lived. ―ReedsAndSerpents, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If the lowest American dollar bill is $1, and the lowest Canadian dollar bill is $5, do Canadian strippers make more money on average? ―DVRavenTsuki, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If the movie "White Chicks" had instead been about two white men who had to be disguised as "Black Chicks" it would be considered incredibly racist. ―NNATHANN, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If the movie "Yes Man" was instead "Yes Woman" it probably would have just been a porno. ―LilaLancaster, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If the next president is white, the United States will have successfully gone black and then gone back. ―SlipperySherpa, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If the oldest person on earth is 116 years old, then 117 years ago, there was a completely different set of human beings on earth. ―LordofSloths, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	If the oldest person on earth is 116 years old, then 117 years ago, there was a completely different set of human beings on earth. ―VolpRS, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If the only certainties in life are death and taxes, the most secure job in the world is an accountant at a funeral home. ―plfa, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If the pen is mightier than the sword, then the keyboard is mightier than the assault rifle ―AsianMidgett, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If the point of life is to have kids, and the point of your kids' lives is to have kids of their own, then life is just a pyramid scheme. ―WhatIsPoop, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	If the police catch all these creepy clowns and arrest them, they'll only need one cruiser to put them in. ―whoolzyourdaddy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If the population of Earth were only 100 people and one guy tried to hoard 99% of the money. The other 99 people would simply just kill that guy and take their money back. ―[deleted], Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If the queen of England reaches 100 years old she'll have to write a letter of congratulations to herself. ―sprogger, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If the regulars at /r/relationships took over /r/MechanicAdvice, they'd tell everyone to junk their cars. ―moethebartender, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If the singular form of "mice" is "mouse", shouldn't the singular of "lice" be "louse"? ―lwhypc, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If the team in Air Bud lost, the coach would have looked like an idiot for putting in a Golden Retriever. ―RLangdon9, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If the television show "How It's Made" ever ends, the last episode should be "How 'How It's Made' Is Made." ―Re_cyclops, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If the toys in Toy Story died the kids would keep playing with them like normal but the other toys would be playing with their dead friend. ―Mordred912, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If the u in misusing is removed it goes missing ―isrly_eder, May 2016
observations	sfw	If the whole Harambe situation has proven anything: We sure as hell aren't ready for Jurassic Park. ―SixFeetOfMan, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If the word "bomb" was pronounced like "womb" and "tomb" it would be almost onomatopoeic. ―El_Alonzo, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If the zombie apocalypse ever happens, some of the zombies would be wearing Walking Dead t-shirts. ―SuperPoop, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If the zoo tranquilized the gorilla and the little boy was killed, there would be an uproar about how society values the lives of animals over black kids. ―NiceBump, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If there are 1 billion people better than you at something, you're still in the top 15% for that thing. ―thisislikemy5thaccy, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If there are 7 billion people on Earth, that means that every second the collective human consciousness experiences 222 years. ―wheep, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If there are psychics, they're probably not wasting their talent working as psychics. ―50missioncap, May 2014
observations	sfw	If there ever was a nuclear war, I'd want the results to be less Fallout 4 and more Adventure Time ―inform880, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If there is a War on Christmas then Christmas is winning. It has taken over the territories of both October and November from opposing factions Halloween and Thanksgiving. ―triteuser, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If there isn't an "upside down" in space, then space battles in movies are unrealistic when the ships are always upright when they confront each other. ―rastapasta9, May 2016
observations	sfw	If there really are infinite universes with infinite possibilities, Batman is reading a comic book about me. ―Aardvark_Man, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If there was a "female only" version of Reddit, the percentage of guys on it would be higher than normal Reddit ―BrokenKeyboart, May 2015
observations	sfw	If there was a bipartisan bill sponsoring medical marijuana for arthritis relief, it would be joint support for joint support for joint support ―geekmuseNU, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	If there was a first person Daredevil video game it probably wouldn't sell very well. ―HailToTheThief225, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If there was an XP meter on my life, I'd be way more motivated to do things. ―jowns7, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If there was an award for the most humble person on the planet, nobody would ever accept it. ―ReflexAB, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If there was an equivalent to Reddit gold where you would pay $5 to ban someone from a subreddit for a month, it would sell way better than Reddit gold. ―Do_Ya_Like_Dags_, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If there were no sentient beings in the universe, would it really exist? ―hprshredder, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If there were only two people left on Earth and they got into a fight, that would probably be considered a World War. ―JamesTheSnail, May 2015
observations	sfw	If there were people who could read minds, they would hear an awful lot of songs, sung with incorrect words, and likely very out of tune or rhythm. ―fairysdad, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If there's a Reddit in the afterlife, I bet the TIFU would be a good read. ―thechadwicked, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If there's a Reddit in the afterlife, there are probably a ton of submissions to /r/TIFU ―dagoblah, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If there's a mean dog or a wild horse in a movie, they have to train an animal to act untrained. ―WaywardChilton, May 2016
observations	sfw	If there's an afterlife I hope I can look up pointless things about me when I was alive like how many times I ate a certain food, my most used word, how many miles I've travelled etc. ―JoeyJ3DY, May 2014
observations	sfw	If there's ever a world class Chinese goalkeeper, he'll be called The Great Wall. ―Illum503, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If there's ever an X-men movie solely about Mystique, a mirror would make a great movie poster. ―Raining_whales, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If there's one thing all nations agree on, it's having a flag. ―FNA25, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If they are going to fine drivers who smoke with a kid in car, They should start booking pregnant women who smoke as well ―trikazeas, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If they don't name that ship Boaty Mcboatface I will not believe in democracy ―Removerofkebab, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If they ever make Star Wars prequels that turn out to be terrible, I'm just going to forget that they ever happened. ―chinagreenelvis, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If they have Ben Affleck playing Batman, they might as well have Matt Damon play Robin. ―c1etus, May 2015
observations	sfw	If they played the Pokemon Center music in hospitals it would be an overall better experience ―J_A_C_O_B, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If they re-shot the new Ghostbusters trailer with all males, I would still hate it ―BigOl-J, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If they started doing pub crawls of marijuana dispensaries, they should be called grasshoppers ―Double0Dixie, May 2015
observations	sfw	If they'd made the Galaxy Note 7 with a removable battery, Samsung would still have a viable product on their hands instead of a total loss. ―autoposting_system, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If time ran backwards, snowmen would slowly and painstakingly emerge only to be suddenly and violently obliterated by laughing children. ―Pulsecode9, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If today I asked a girl A/S/L and she responded with "?" I would immediately know she was too young for me ―MarchChristmasTree, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If two mind readers read each other's mind, who's mind are they reading? ―tr3laras, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	If two mind readers read each other's mind, whose mind are they reading? ―theNicAngel, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If two people on opposite sides of the world each drop a piece of bread, the Earth briefly becomes a sandwich. ―nklotz, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	If two pregnant women get into a fist fight, it's like a mech battle between two fetuses. ―SPESSMEHRINE, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If two pregnant women get into a fistfight, it's like a mech battle between two babies ―sheepsleepdeep, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If u step on people's feet,they will open their mouth,just like trash bins. ―loveyouAmerica, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If usain bolt decided to go streaking at a major event, who would be able to stop him? ―NotSureIfTrolls, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If vampires get AIDS from one of their victims, is that still considered an STD or is it food poisoning? ―FiestaJose, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If watermelon exists, why can't firemelon, earthmelon and windmelon? ... The elemelons. ―Halfwombat, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If we all move to Voat, it should be renamed "Redidit". ―preditor22000, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If we all stop paying for Internet, companies would give it to us for free because of the loss in profits. Amazon, E-bay, Facebook, Google, ―spungie, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If we can't reach Google we assume our internet is down ―SirNickParks, May 2016
observations	sfw	If we can't show female nipples, why don't we photoshop male nipples onto the female ones? ―CommunistCate, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If we could get the Chinese to believe, that pulverized IS fighter testicles were an aphrodisiac, we could solve two problems at once. ―dime-0-dozen, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If we could smell over the Internet /r/wtf would be a much scarier place. ―JugglerCameron, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If we discover that plants can actually feel what happens to them we are gonna owe a huge apology to grass. ―yong598, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If we don't accept refugees because 2 out of 100 M&amp;M's are poisoned then why is it OK the have "a few bad apples" in a police department? ―Ebay212, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If we don't allow steroids in athletic competitions, why do we allow makeup in beauty competitions? ―JD2005, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	If we elect a president that has a PhD or MD we would call him Dr. President ―Excido88, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	If we ever colonize another planet how will we determine age? ―Jtcor, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	If we ever developed the technology to electronically send smells, the only thing anyone would ever use it for is tricking your friends into smelling your farts ―IBeJizzin, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	If we ever travel thousands of light years to a planet inhabited by intelligent life, let’s just make patterns in their crops and leave.. ―FourWordReplies, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If we find aliens I hope that'd be the impetus to clean up the planet...just out of embarrassment. ―solo_a_mano, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If we find primitive alien life, the only way we should intervene is by building Pyramids ―IAmAHistoryMajor, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If we gave the special forces of each country paintball guns, we would have a pretty cool Olympic event on our hands. ―[deleted], Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If we got "YOU ARE NOW MANUALLY BREATHING" to the front page, it would affect a lot of people. ―Max_Thunder, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If we had 53 states, a prime number, we really would be "one nation indivisible"... ―ParthS, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	If we had a dollar for every speculative year that the universe has existed we still couldn't pay off the U.S. National Debt. ―[deleted], Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If we had no eyes then we would be unaware of the existence of color. What if we are are missing an entire aspect of everything simply because we do not have the organ to detect it? ―Scotth329, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If we invent time travel, we could theoretically use it to preserve food. Your refrigerator would suspend food in time instead of keeping it cool. ―flylikeaturkey, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	If we legalize marijuana and get self driving cars, the police won't have anything to do. ―aacrane, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If we legalize marijuana around the world, we will enter the Dank Age. ―peckerbrown, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If we made everyone drive stick it'd probably put a huge dent on texting while driving. ―bone-dry, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If we never had leap years, today would be July 11, 2017. ―jagershotzz, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If we pop bubble wrap made in China, the air that comes out is from China ―Shadows4, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If we put the tags for underwear on the outside, they would still remain unseen but would cure itchy butts. ―Snowball3ffect, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If we truly are characters in a video game being played by an advanced civilization, the one controlling me is a noob. ―[deleted], Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If we were eyeless we'd be unaware of colour. What if we're missing some part of reality because we don't have the organ to detect it? ―CourageDeCowardlyDog, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If we were really in the Matrix, the Machines would never have let the movie "The Matrix" be made. ―Ferrarity, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	If we were to tally up how much educational software, textbooks and pdfs have been given out to students for free, PirateBay is probably one of the biggest 'scholarship' providers out there. ―tstartl, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If we woke up everyday as a different person and knew everything that they knew, we wouldn't know it happens. ―4cr1nge, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	If we're going to have private prisons, then the prison companies should be payed based on how well the prisoners do once they're let out. ―zamundan, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If weights were invisible, the gym would look like a terrible slow-motion rave. ―LeviGodolphin02, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If were ever on Naked and Afraid, I would try to pay the editors to use an extra huge blur censor between my legs. ―NutShotMontage, May 2016
observations	sfw	If woman only got pregnant when they orgasm, teen pregnancy wouldn't be as much of a problem. ―JosephNichola, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If woman only got pregnant when they orgasm, teen pregnancy wouldn't be as much of a problem. ―donnerthereindeer, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If women average 20,000 words a day, and men only 7,000, even if I only listen to half of what my wife says, I still listen to her more than she could ever possibly listen to me. ―[deleted], Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If yawns are contaigous, it is possible my yawn has circled the world in a cycle of being passed on until it reaches me again. ―Idontcarefornames, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If you Photoshop the basketball out of NBA action shot photographs, it just looks like a bunch of people in uniforms trying to high five but can't quite get it right. ―cjbny, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If you adopt a house pet that is blind, you should name it "Roomba". ―pimp_juice2272, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If you already donate to the ASPCA, there should be a way you can opt out of watching those depressing animal commercials again ―luva_ofa_drumma, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If you are "God fearing" and believe God loves you... that sounds like an abusive relationship. ―sparkswillfly1, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If you are 19 or 23 you are both mathematically and physically in your prime. ―RadiatorSam, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	If you are bored you should start studying because you will immediately find something more amusing to do ―JunSnu, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If you are lonely, dim all lights and put on a horror-movie. After a while it won't feel like you are alone anymore. ―aaneton, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If you are reading brail and come across "Do not touch" its already too late. ―br00dle, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If you are subpar at golf, you are good at golf. ―Amindele, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If you are to throw up sushi, it will be more cooked than when you ate it. ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If you aren't at least a little ashamed of your country's history, you don't know your country's history. ―KnightOfWords, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If you ask a girl out on Feb 29, you can save like 75% on anniversary presents in the long run ―_chanandler_bong, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If you attempt to rob a bank you won't have any trouble with rent/food bills for the next 10 years whether you are successful or not ―-OmnipotentPotato-, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If you beat someone to death, they've beaten you to death. ―skeddles, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	If you believe in reincarnation then your tombstone should say "b.r.b" instead of "r.i.p". ―Drake_254, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If you block me using an adblocker, I don't stop using the adblocker, I just leave your website. ―Foulisfair, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If you break a pencil, you have two pencils. If you break a pen, you have zero pens. ―TitanicMan, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If you break the laws of man, you go to jail. If you break the laws of god, you go to hell. If you break the laws of physics, you go to Sweden and get a nobel prize. ―mad2crazy, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If you break the laws of man,you go to jail.If you break the laws of God,you go to hell.If you break the laws of physics,you go to Sweden and get the nobel prize. ―loveyouAmerica, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you buttfuck someone that immigrated to your country, you are anal probing an alien. ―BertDaKat, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	If you buy DiGiorno pizza through Amazon Fresh, technically it is delivery. ―leonardoty, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If you buy a new physical copy of a book you should be able to enter a code into a Nook or Kindle to be able to read it on those devices for free. ―Goldsmifff, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If you can't afford a condom, then you really can't afford NOT to have a condom. ―hillsfar, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If you cant find an American flag to face during the anthem, you could just face the Moon. ―Jtaltstatt, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If you care for a chicken, you are literally a chicken tender ―TUR_turkey_KEY, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If you charge $300 for a textbook and I find a typo, you should cut me a check. ―Accidental-Genius, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If you choose to take an online IQ test, and the result is, "Your score has been generated and can be accessed for only $19.99", your IQ probably isn't exceptionally high. ―jai_kasavin, May 2016
observations	sfw	If you correct someone's grammar, you understood them clearly enough that you didn't need to correct them. ―PortlandPerson94, May 2016
observations	sfw	If you could literally be bored to death, I bet the world would be a lot more interesting ―averageman23, May 2015
observations	sfw	If you crush a cockroach, you're a hero. If you crush a beautiful butterfly, you're a villain. Morals have aesthetic criteria. ―everydayjerk, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you cut Wolverine in half straight down the middle, and kept them separate, would each half grow back, making two Wolverines? ―MissAmberNichole, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If you cut too many corners you'll land up going around in circles. ―cannotdecideaname, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you did something "like a boss", then you probably just paid someone to do it. ―ThatLonelyAstronaut, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you did something "like a boss," you'd probably just pay someone else to do it. ―mcgeeb, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	If you didn't know what a chicken was and ordered chicken fingers, you'd think they are huge. ―Kireblade, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	If you didn't know what it was, wind would be really terrifying. ―d3adn0tsl3eping, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you die a virgin, you would be the first person in your entire ancestry, since the beginning of life itself, who did. ―murfburffle, May 2014
observations	sfw	If you die a virgin, you're the first person in your direct ancestral lineage to die a virgin. ―wavydonmorgs, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If you die during an orgasm, you're coming and going at the same time. ―Joelovesfood, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If you die in the same hospital you were born in, your total displacement will be 0. ―i-vac, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you die in your bedroom, you've passed through its door an odd number of times; if you die outside of your bedroom, you've passed through that door an even number of times. ―enlightenment_being, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	If you died while driving a Tesla on auto pilot it would drive your dead body around for all to see ―slayez06, May 2016
observations	sfw	If you dig into Mars' soil, are you unearthing something or unmarsing something? ―kastskyrr, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you do stuff with your parents you are basically the third wheel on a date ―JungleRobba, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If you don't choose to have a kid, you are at the end of a 4 billion year old chemical process that finally just said "screw it" ―Conan776, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If you don't choose to have a kid,you are at the end of a 4 billion year old chemical process that finally just said "screw it". ―loveyouAmerica, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you don't pay your exorcist do you get repossessed? ―Zegopher, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If you don't reproduce, you are breaking a 4 billion year old family tradition. ―cavesickles, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If you don't sin Jesus died for nothing. ―Weshaven, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you don't sin then Jesus died for nothing. ―DannyLansdon, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If you don't speak English, "edited it" sounds ridiculous. ―chicken_dinnerwinner, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If you don’t reproduce, you are breaking a 4 billion year old family tradition. ―azlan4, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If you draw -2 -2 + = on your clothes or some paper or whatever with your finger it sounds like Chim Chiminey. ―Lympwing2, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If you dye your hair red, then you are trans-gingered. ―Oliver_DeNom, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If you end up living to be 100, then your age right now is like a percentage of how much of your life you've lived. ―samtg500, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If you ever drop food on yourself when going out for dinner, you can easily play it off by saying "looks like dinner's on me tonight" ―thepowerman, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	If you ever feel lonely, watch a horror movie. After a while, you won't feel like you're alone. ―[deleted], Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If you ever feel unattractive, remember you look like your ancestors and all of them got laid. ―[deleted], Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If you ever get a pig, you should name it Benis. That way you can tell people "This is my pig Benis". ―rubber22, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If you ever have to find an actual needle in an actual haystack, you could just burn the haystack. ―Sexual_tomato, May 2015
observations	sfw	If you ever hear someone talking about Fight Club, you can accurately say, "That guy doesn't know the first thing about Fight Club." ―Donna_Freaking_Noble, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If you ever met someone that had the same voice as you, you'd be the only two people not to realise. ―NoctusTheOctopus, May 2016
observations	sfw	If you exhale slowly for as long as you can, you will have exhaled at the same time as almost every single person in the world. ―Because_Justice, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If you fail at suicide, you succeed at life. ―CoStCo19, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	If you filled a Humidifier with Holy Water, you could have a portable exorcism machine. ―Moosetery, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If you forget to add the second " to a quote, you're citing for the rest of your life. ―No_Backup, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you get fired from the unemployment office you just have to go back the next day. ―Tubbyfatts82, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If you get sexted by someone you don't want to sext with, did you just get molexted? ―One-one-eight, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If you get straight to the point, you are described as blunt. ―I_Touch_Myself_A_Lot, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If you get your tongue stuck in a mouse trap you will pronounce it mouth trap for a short period of time. ―jaseface0714, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If you go North long enough you'll be going South, but if you go West long enough you'll still be going West. ―FreeMarijuanas, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If you go into a fake time machine, you still come out in the future. ―afivetwozero, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If you go to WebMD more than once in a week it should add hypochondria to the diagnosis ―funnybunyy, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If you go to jail for tax evasion, you're living off of taxes as a result of not paying taxes. ―Senor_Ita, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If you got a million dollars every day of your life and you lived to be 150, you still wouldn't have anywhere near as much money as Bill Gates has. ―thepenaltytick, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If you got fired from your job at the unemployment office, you'd still have to go to work the next day. ―nhwoodsblues, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If you got your tongue stuck in a mouse trap, you'd start pronouncing it 'mouth trap', and that's exactly what it is ―Loveisjusta, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you got your tongue stuck in a mouse trap, you'd start pronouncing it mouth trap, and that is also what it would be, and that is pleasing ―[deleted], May 2015
observations	sfw	If you got your tongue stuck in a mouse trap, you'd start pronouncing it mouth trap, and that is also what it would be, and that is pleasing ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If you got your tongue stuck in a mouse trap, you'd start pronouncing it mouth trap, and that is also what it would be, and that is pleasing ―misterbrill, May 2015
observations	sfw	If you grab any rock and split it in half, the inside you now have revealed has probably not seen daylight in millions if not billions of years. ―neutrns13, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you had $1 for every year the universe has existed (approximately 13.8 billion years). You wouldn't even make the top 50 on the Forbes list. ―jbdew14, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If you had $999,999,999, you'd be the world's richest millionaire, but if you had one more dollar, you'd be the world's poorest billionaire. ―lordpond, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If you had a kid named Marco, the worst place to lose him would be at a swimming pool. ―captnkurt, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If you had never heard of the boogie man before you might think he's a pretty cool guy. ―TacQT1me, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If you had to donate $5 in order to change your profile picture, my news feed would probably be a lot less french ―quacker245, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If you have 1 threesome, your average partner per session will always be more than 1. ―PapaFunker, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If you have a 3d printer, you could torrent Lego sets. ―tb12rm, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If you have a fatal heart attack in your self-driving car, would the car just continue on to it's destination? Would dead people just start showing up at weddings/parties/work etc.? ―bertonomus, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If you have an older sibling that is the same gender as you, your parents like their name better than yours. ―murf6464, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If you have an unattractive physical feature, don't get too bummed out about it because somebody else in your lineage probably had it to, and they obviously got laid. ―no0neiv, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If you have to convert others to your religion in order to go to heaven, it is a pyramid scheme. ―fuzzyfuzzler, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If you have x-ray vision, and you can see through anything, wouldn't you see through everything and actually see nothing? ―literaldickhead, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	If you have your mom saved in your phone as "mom", you can pull her up on the dialpad by pressing "666" ―Marvster, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If you hear a sniper's gunshot, you're not the target. ―rayjenningz, May 2016
observations	sfw	If you illegally download a movie in Jamaica, does that make you a Pirate of the Caribbean? ―CUNEXTUESDAY11, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	If you judge it by number of people involved, Santa Claus being fake is probably the largest cover up in history. ―theforcesofevil, May 2016
observations	sfw	If you keep asking "why" about something, you'll eventually arrive at quantum mechanics ―MisteryMeet, May 2015
observations	sfw	If you kill a killer, the number of killers in the world remains the same. ―tidytuna, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If you know sign language, binoculars can give you super hearing. ―somethink_different, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you lie on the ground on your back, it's like the world is your backpack and you're carrying it through space. ―lookitsluke, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If you line up all your ex lovers in a row you can see the flow chart of your mental illness. ―FourWordReplies, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If you live in a house with a mail slot, you live in a mail box. ―Fastf1ng3rs, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If you live past 112, you get to be a teenager again. ―cdhofer, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you lived at 123 Fake St, no one would ever believe you. ―nerga, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If you log more than two hours a day on reddit, you should not be allowed to post to r/getmotivated ―radcoconut1, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If you look at a clock, you literally see your life tick away by the second. ―Failjure, May 2014
observations	sfw	If you lose a leg you will then have twice as many socks as before. ―HarmonGorillaz, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If you lower your standards enough, there are literally thousands if not millions of people who are attracted to you and would marry you in a second. ―ass2ssa, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If you made French toast out of a hot dog bun, you could lay a banana inside and eat it like a breakfast hot dog ―Lovebot_AI, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you make a killing you make a lot of money. If you make a living you make enough to get by. ―banrab, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If you make a statue of Baby Jesus, everyone thinks it's fine. If you make a statue of Jesus on the cross that's fine too. But if I make a statue of baby Jesus nailed to a cross all the neighbors start to complain ―anthonymyers3000, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If you make something easier for yourself they call you lazy. If you make something easier for everyone else they call you a genius. ―Bottenbig, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If you marry someone from a criminal family, your in-laws are outlaws. ―HerrGansefus, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If you marry someone who is the opposite of you politically, neither of you will ever have to vote because the votes would cancel each other out ―satchmole, May 2014
observations	sfw	If you move your sight from the book you are reading, the story automatically pauses. ―fakeyouverymuch, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you named your alcohol "Responsibly," then your competitors would do all of your advertising for you. ―morbidmuppets, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If you open Schrödingers box, and the Cat is dead, your Curiosity literally killed the Cat. ―MarlinMr, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If you order DiGiorno Pizza on Amazon, it IS delivery. ―OrcsAndPuzzles, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If you organise and operate a marathon you can say you've run a marathon without having run one ―swimming-bird, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you own a samurai sword you are either a highly skilled assassin or a huge nerd. ―Zapinsure, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If you own zero dollars you are more rich than 80% of The USA. ―jobboyjob, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If you pay entry fee to a marathon, they literally give you a run for your money. ―Prittfire, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If you pay for something entirely with pocket change, it kinda feels like it was free. ―gremlinclr, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If you peed in zero gravity, the stream would go in a perfectly straight line, allowing you to target fellow astronauts from a considerable distance. ―datums, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	If you pet your pet rock enough, it'll erode and you'll be alone again. ―ChrisTaliaferro, May 2015
observations	sfw	If you placed a map of the US flat on the ground anywhere in the US, one spot on the map would be directly over the location it represents ―PopeInnocentXIV, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	If you pretend FOX news is a satire, it's like having colbert back.. ―FranciscoGalt, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If you push 99 on the microwave, it runs for 99 seconds, but if you push 100, it only runs for 60. ―dirac496, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If you put a hat on the ground it is like the earth is wearing a tiny hat. ―PrincessAppleBee, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If you put a hat on the ground, its like the earth is wearing a really tiny hat. ―lnning, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If you put the word anal in front of most Ford vehicle names, it's hilarious. ―physicalcliff, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If you re-watch Tom and Jerry as an adult, all you see is a cat trying to live his life and be good for his human whilst a violent and possibly psychotic mouse destroys the house, and physically harms Tom on a very regular basis. ―TheHumpback, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If you really want to get to know someone on a 1st date, just ask about their first pet or favorite teacher. Then read all their emails. ―[deleted], Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If you really want to know how people think of you, start a game of charades and enthusiastically point to yourself. ―redlipstik, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you replace the "W" in "Where", "When", and "What" with a "T", you will answer those questions. ―-Lo_Mein_Kampf-, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you replace the "W"in Where, What and When with a "T" you answer the question. ―t0pax, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If you replaced the gum in most gum commercials with a tab of acid, the commercial would still make sense. ―ReverseMermaidMorty, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you repost a TIL the same day it was posted, you're really just telling the truth. ―s_m_f_a_h, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If you rip a hole in a fish net, there are fewer holes in it. ―siegro, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If you rip a hole in a net, there are now less holes in that net. ―IAmDrinkingIcedTea, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If you rip a hole in a net, there's actually fewer holes in it than it was before ―UtbildadNinja, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If you rotate "up" by 180 degrees, it becomes "dn". (up/dn) ―PaintedCeiling, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	If you saw the world's first zombie in your front yard and killed it to save humanity, it would just look like you murdered somebody. ―Kidthulu, May 2014
observations	sfw	If you say grace before you eat leftovers, I bet God is like, "Dude, I JUST blessed this chicken not even 24 hours ago, give it a rest." ―ChrisTaliaferro, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If you say you are in the top five, you are either fourth of fifth, otherwise you'd be in the top three. ―jtlarousse, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If you see a UFO, and then you figure out what it is, it's an FO. And if you see it land, it's just an O. ―thedeadmann, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If you see a male praying mantis, he is a virgin... ―MarieGoneGoth-ish, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If you send out 7000000 text messages from an anonymous source with a unique lottery number and "FROM YOUR FUTURE SELF", after the draw you will have the phone number of one rich person who thinks they get messages from the future. ―smileedude, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you show up to the office with a new suit and suitcase, you look like a professional. If you show up to a construction site in new clothes and tools, you look like the inexperienced newbie ―RockLeePower, May 2016
observations	sfw	If you showed a medieval person a special effect they'd assume it was magic. If you showed a modern person magic, they'd assume it was a special effect. ―Taswelltoo, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If you skydive and your parachute doesn't open, you have the rest of your life to open it. ―phlenis, May 2016
observations	sfw	If you sleep in the same bed every day, your daily displacement is approximately zero ―hatterkiller, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If you sleep through an earthquake, aren't you technically shaken, not stirred? ―HighwireAct, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	If you smoke weed before an eating contest, are you technically on performance enhancing drugs? ―Hesoner, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If you spell "Strap-on" backwards, it spells "No Parts" ―-_Chris_-, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If you spell 'socks' out loud, you are saying 'that's what it is' in Spanish. (Eso si que es) ―Butters2014, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If you start screaming on a cruise ship, everyone will think you're crazy.. But if you start screaming on an airplane, everyone joins in. ―IHopeICanEditThis, May 2015
observations	sfw	If you started a cover band called "A Book" no one could judge you. ―teerad1344, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	If you stay up all night and sleep all day, maybe you were meant to live on the other side of the planet. ―PenguinOntheRoad, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If you steal a pen from a bank you just robbed a bank. ―beelzenoob, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If you step on a person's foot they open their mouth, just like a trashcan ―Pickle_Slinger, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If you step on people's feet, they will open their mouth, just like trash bins. ―DrivingMyType59, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If you step on people's feet,they will open their mouth just like trash bins. ―Muzammil11, May 2016
observations	sfw	If you swap the spinach for beer, then any episode of Popeye becomes a bitter story of a raging alcoholic, right down to the speech impediment and tendency to fight people who he believes are trying to steal "his girl" ―iftherewasanotherway, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you taught a parrot to only say the word "parrot" then it would be like owning a Pokémon. ―CruseControl, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you think about it, "Y" is just an enthusiastic "T". ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	If you think about it, a plastic sword is a sword forged by the rotten flesh of ancient beasts ―toosah, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If you think about it, it makes no sense that adult movie tickets cost more than children tickets; kids are loud and cause a lot of disruptions. It should cost more for a child to attend a movie theater. ―mattmanatee, May 2016
observations	sfw	If you think about it, kidney stones are like human pearls ―Gundog75, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If you think the delay for the next Game of Thrones book is bad, I've been waiting 17 years for Mambo # 6 ―Reign_Wilson, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If you threaten to throw batteries at someone, it's assault. If you hit someone with a salt shaker, it's battery. ―jark831, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If you throw ice down a street and watch it skip against the pavement you're essentially skipping stones on water but exactly the opposite. ―hiimtom477, May 2013
observations	sfw	If you time-travelled to the future, you'd probably die of one of the future contagions that you have no immunity to. ―Pro_Quote_Maker, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	If you told me in 2005 that in ten years, the NSA would monitoring all electronic communications, the police would be militarized and have "black sites," and companies would be spying on you in your own home, I'd have made you a tin foil hat. ―agentdarko, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If you took an IQ test online and it told you that you had a high IQ and you believed it, then you probably don't have a high IQ. ―FoundTin, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If you treat sick animals, you may be considered a veterinarian. If you fought for Germany in WWII, you may be considered a veteran Aryan. ―stayhungry-stayfree, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If you tried to forget something, and were successful, you'd never know. ―Mr_Kreepy, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If you try to pronounce "lmao" you sound like a french cat ―Tinferbrains, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If you view a bald eagle at the zoo, you are looking at the American symbol of freedom in captivity. ―keytarin, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	If you wake up in the morning it is called "morning wood". If you wake up at night it should be called a "night stick" ―JBSLB, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you want to be remembered after you die, borrow money from everyone you know. ―MasterChefRamsey, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If you want to truly crash the Internet, have the director of the NSA do an AMA. ―dekket, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If you wanted to be incognito by choosing the most common first and last name in the world, you'd really stand out, Mohamed Wang. ―science_andshit, May 2016
observations	sfw	If you wanted to find the ß symbol, searching Google for "german ss" won't get you what you want. ―ThereGoesMySanity, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you watch Weezer's "Buddy Holly" video, you are experiencing 1990s nostalgia about 1970s nostalgia about 1950s nostalgia. ―elliosenor, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If you watch sitcoms without the laugh tracks, the characters just give each other cringed looks and awkward silences for those jokes. ―ImNotLysdexic, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If you wear an invisibility cloak inside out, does the universe around you disappear? ―lars180, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	If you weighed 99 pounds and you ate 1 pound of bacon, you'd be 1% bacon. ―TheRyanMcNeil, May 2014
observations	sfw	If you went back in time and killed Hitler as a baby you would be known as the time traveler who went back in time to kill a baby. ―dantheman757, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If you went back in time and met yourself, both versions of yourself would see each other as the "old" you. ―Primetime22, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If you went to college to learn how to make dog food and your dog ate your homework, you'd get an A. ―wowurdumb, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If you were 6 inches tall, you wouldn't have any financial problems whatsoever. (hear me out) ―The_Hippopotamoose, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If you were a god with low self-esteem, you'd be an atheist, because you don't believe in yourself. ―yen223, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If you were born 1 year earlier/later, you would have had a completely different set of friends at school and as a result would probably have become a very different person. ―Rockafish, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If you were illiterate, alphabet soup would just be noodles. ―Ibelieveitsbutter, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	If you were invisible would you be able to see through your eyelids? ―CommanderBeckles, May 2014
observations	sfw	If you were learing English by watching cop shows, you might think that "Freeze" means "Run" ―t666c, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If you were on the moon during a lunar eclipse and you looked back at the Earth, you would see it surrounded by the red ring of the sun behind it. You'd be looking at every sunset and every sunrise on Earth at the same time. ―MyKungFusPrettySwell, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If you were pushed through a hallway toward your death with no way to stop and no way to turn back, you'd be pretty terrified. Yet this is how we experience time. ―maddsc17, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you were really serious about punishing stores that open on Thanksgiving, you'd buy a bunch of stuff the prior week, then return it all on Thanksgiving, giving them negative revenue for being open that day. ―[deleted], Nov 2014
observations	sfw	If you were to continuously put tooth picks into a car, there would be a maximum number of toothpicks that could fit. But it's hard to imagine a car full of toothpicks where you couldn't easily put another one in. ―smileedude, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If you were to learn the English language by watching TV cop shows, you might think that "Freeze!" means "Run!" ―[deleted], Apr 2014
observations	sfw	If you were to miss school because of Hypothermia, You would literally be too cool for school. ―LaylaAintHome, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If you were to rob a Men's Warehouse with a utility knife, it would be a razor blade blazer raid. ―Protsko, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	If you were to walk around the earth, your head would travel a significant distance farther than your feet. ―lemonsandpickles, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	If you were to walk clockwise around the north pole, 11 miles out, you'd be stationary and using the earth as a treadmill. ―BovingdonBug, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If you win a one year's supply of calendars, you just get one calendar. ―this_is_for_my_job, May 2015
observations	sfw	If you wore a green suit, you could beat up a weather channel anchor and nobody would know whats going on ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If you work a job that relies on tips, your employer is basically crowd funding your wage. ―1Spoochy1, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If you work in a morgue you still have to come in to work after you die ―AvocadosAtLaw, May 2015
observations	sfw	If you worship cows, you probably don't eat cows. But if you worship Jesus, you probably eat Jesus. ―r3dd1t0r77, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you would have told me in 1991 Mike Tyson was not bad compared to OJ and Bill Cosby I would have not believed you. ―p4ulyj03, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If you would mount garbage trucks with camera's you could weekly update google maps street view. ―impreson, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If you would mount garbage trucks with camera’s you could weekly update google maps street view. ―mystic1_wizard, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If you yell out "God is great!" at an airport, the outcome can be very different depending on what language you use. ―chyaos, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If you're 1 in a million, then there's 7,125 people exactly like you. ―pogopenis, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If you're 24 years old, you've already been around for 10% of American history. ―shamelessquestion, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If you're a generous person that expects nothing in return for your deeds, you are literally good for nothing. ―jonvaughn, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you're a member of the royal family, are all your farts noble gases? ―Oo_De_Lally, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If you're accused of being argumentative and defensive, it's impossible to debate it. ―rahtin, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If you're an interracial couple that's into S&amp;M, I bet it's really hard to avoid painful historical allegories. ―ReluctantRedditor275, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	If you're an older twin, you can call your sibling every day and say "Back when I was your age" and tell then something you did 10 minutes ago ―SilverMoonSheWolf, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If you're attractive with a smile, you're cute. If you're attractive without a smile, you're hot. ―Coralcell, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If you're deaf, every fart is a gamble ―fleonsky, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you're deaf, every fart is a gamble. ―budabellyx, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you're driving a Tesla and it get stolen, is it now an "Edison"? ―MeowMixSong, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If you're ever feeling bad about yourself, just remember that someone somewhere is paying $9.99 a month for Tinder Plus. ―wsmn16, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If you're ever in a burning building, take the elevator. The fire will not be expecting that. ―shadow__creator, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	If you're ever in a zombie apocalypse, it's better to be in a building with all "pull", not "push" doors. ―jou13, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If you're ever insecure about your body, just remember: pornhub wouldn't keep its BBW category if it wasn't making them money ―herbe01, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	If you're going to kill yourself, hire a hit man to do it. It will be exciting to get chased for awhile. ―freerangestrange, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you're gonna commit suicide, you might aswell run into area 51 ―[deleted], Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you're good at golf, I just assume you've had a very privileged life. ―weaksquare, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If you're hotter than me, am I cooler than you? ―berger321, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you're inbred and a person, you're shamed by society. If your inbred and a dog they give you ribbons and trophies and your inbred children sell for thousands ―FrankBurlyPI, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If you're no longer covered by your parent's health insurance, your manufacturer's warranty is over ―hexagonz, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	If you're not sick right now, take a minute to be grateful for being able to breath unobstructed, move ache free, or be more than 20 feet from a toilet. ―Porygon_is_innocent, May 2016
observations	sfw	If you're on a really high floor in an office building and you see a spider, chances are it's hatched from a second or third generation of spiders that has never been outdoors. ―tinomin, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	If you're one in a million, then there are 7000 people just like you ―onanygivensunday, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If you're only defense for an argument is, "I have a right to my opinion," you're probably wrong. ―Mewing_Raven, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you're over 30, you were alive before every dog in the world. ―jleonardbc, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If you're polite on the internet, you must be a really nice person in real life. ―floopykid, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you're pregnant with a boy, you're growing a pair of balls ―thop1989, May 2016
observations	sfw	If you're reading a book in public you're sophisticated, if you're reading the newspaper it's still socially acceptable, but if you're reading an article on your phone you're just another person glued to your phone. ―gcool7, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	If you're ugly, fat and not a talkative person, people will think you're odd. If you're good looking, fit and not a talkative person, people will find you mysterious. ―[deleted], Nov 2015
observations	sfw	If you've never rewound a cassette tape with your finger, you have no right to complain about buffering. ―dexterjam, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	If your IQ is low, people will look down on you. If your IQ is REALLY low, you get special treatment and people go out of their way to do nice things for you ―balancespec2, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	If your Tesla car gets soaked by a flood, you should park it in a bag of rice overnight. ―frowawayduh, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If your asscrack was horizontal, it would make a clapping noise whenever you went up/down stairs. ―dasracial, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	If your bully gets a job at a fast-food restaurant, they are still taking your lunch money ―tom_is_pullin, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If your child ends up murdering you, that means you gave birth to your own death ―AellaGirl, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	If your child is bullied for being fat, up to a certain age those children are mocking your child for your parenting decisions ―Richyagarwal, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If your front door has a mail slot, then you live in a mailbox. ―UCFSam, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	If your front door has a mail slot, then you live in a mailbox. ―WisestAirBender, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If your gf has a friend that annoys you, don't tell your gf to stop being friends with her. Just casually mention how pretty you think she is. ―Shmer180, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If your house burns down, there is probably a point where some food is perfectly cooked before it's over. ―Guenta, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	If your job was to browse Reddit, what would you end up doing to procrastinate at work? Make Excel spreadsheets? ―Jayshots, May 2015
observations	sfw	If your neighbor has wind chimes, you have wind chimes. ―Searchlights, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	If your neighbor has wind chimes, you have wind chimes. ―iAmCurrentlyNaked, May 2015
observations	sfw	If your parachute doesn't deploy, you have the rest of your life to fix it. ―hulagirl4737, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	If your pocket was jingling with coins 200 years ago you were likely a rich man, now if you have change filled pockets you are likely a poor man. ―Neo_Satan, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	If your rapping career ever falls through, you can always be the guy on medicine commercials who lists the side effects ―DownvoteCommaSplices, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	If your replace the "w" in "when" "what" and "where" with a "t" you answer the questions ―LazerBinky, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If your shirt isn't tucked into your pants, then your pants are tucked into your shirt. ―amp123, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	If your wife has a friend that annoys you, don't tell your wife to stop being friends with her. Just casually mention how pretty she is. ―thehofstetter, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	If you’re no longer covered by your parent’s health insurance, your manufacturer’s warranty is over. ―mianusman11, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	If you’re rich and you pay no taxes, you’re a genius. If you’re poor and you pay no taxes, you’re a moocher. ―dragontail, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	If zombies do not attack each other then zombies would be more peaceful towards each other then what humans are towards other humans so maybe zombies are not that bad after all... ―claw_eye, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Ignorance is only bliss when it's mine. When it's somebody else's, then it's torture. ―The_Possum, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Im disappointed Head and Shoulders didn't release a product called Knees and Toes ―supersheeep, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Imagine a white guy born and raised in China and given few opportunities to learn English. If he moved to the U.S. and tried to communicate with people, they would bash him for being an unfunny racist, to no fault of his own. ―probablynotdude, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Imagine being completely naked in a room full of people who speak a different language and everyone wants to touch you. This is the life of a dog. ―SOMEguysFRIEND, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Imagine being deaf and finding out that farts make noise ―baconandeggs17, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Imagine how creepy it would be if babies could cry from inside the womb ―camdoodlebop, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Imagine how many alarm clocks go off at the same time every morning ―Raw0974, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Imagine how much more slutty girl's costumes would be if Halloween was in a warmer month like July... ―iamnotdrunk17, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	Imagine how terrifying horses would be if they were carnivorous. ―vinnienine, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Imagine if "ping pong" was "pong ping" ―br1dgefour, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Imagine if aliens actually visited earth, but during the jurrasic era, saw a t-rex and just noped their way out of here. ―JouwPF, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Imagine if everybody knew sign language. Having a second universal language that didn't require noise would revolutionize society and how efficiently we communicated with each other. ―Remerez, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Imagine if humans reproduced like plants. The man would be out in the open, naked, then bees would come and jack him off and carry his sperm to the woman. ―that_introverted_guy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Imagine if people put as much emphasis, desirability and effort into mental health as they did physical health. Gym selfies would look like "just worked through some baggage with my therapist! #mentalgains #brainspiration" ―wazzem33, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Imagine if playing tag was a globaly watched multi-million dollar game like football with professionals and everything. ―Werben1agerman1ensen, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Imagine the kids at the same orphanage as Stuart Little. A mouse was chosen over them. ―turndownforpoptarts, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Imitating a gun to your own head with your fingers means suicide, yet imitating a knife to your own neck is intimidation. ―LatkaXtreme, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	In 'How I Met Your Mother,' Ted represents how most guys see themselves. Barney represents what most guys think they would most enjoy being like. But secretly, Marshall represents the type of life most guys would be happiest living. ―mista_rager, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	In 10 years hipsters will stop vaping and switch back to cigarettes because it's retro and ironic ―Your_New_Overlord, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	In 100 years from now people will be able to go to Google Maps street view, enter any year after 2007, and truly be able see what the world looked like back then. ―Italics_RS, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	In 100 years google maps will have a street view feature called "retro" that will show what towns looked like in 2015 ―jux_da_posse, May 2015
observations	sfw	In 100 years my descendants could very well be reading all my online posts and profiles while researching me - strange feeling ―jb2386, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	In 100 years, Facebook will have profiles for an entire generation of dead people. ―savedsid, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	In 12 years or so... If reddit is still a thing, the kid that fell into Harambe's enclosure might do an AMA ―Invictum2go, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	In 150 years Facebook will be the world's largest online memorial page. ―MeKuF, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	In 16 years when my daughter is 18, each GoneWild link will momentarily terrify me. ―sharinghappiness, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	In 1916, the average person owned a horse and was considered "rich" if they owned a car. In 2016, it's the other way around. ―MeowMixSong, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	In 1968, civil unrest fueled the media. In 2016, the media fuels the civil unrest. ―digitalwolverine, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	In 1990, if you owned a car from 1970, it would be a classic, and be considered cool. In 2015, if you own a car from 1995, there is nothing cool about that. ―roman715, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	In 2015 my car is probably safer from thieves by being a stick-shift rather than having a car alarm. ―ReckoningGotham, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	In 2015, Back to the Future 2 will have to change its genre from a future film to an alternate history film. ―[deleted], May 2014
observations	sfw	In 2016 it takes 28 minutes for me to hear about and be semi clear on details of military uprising half way around the world. ―m3s3dup, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	In 2020 it's going to be 420 for a whole month ―andrew_s_21, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	In 2020, it's going to be 4/20 for a whole month ―basachr, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	In 21st century, deleting history is more important than making it. ―A17yearoldguythrow, May 2016
observations	sfw	In 30 years, "automatic" and "manual" in a car will refer to whether or not it's a self-driving car. ―Plexel, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	In 30 years, a song that hasn't been written yet will come on and make me nostalgic about something that hasn't happened yet. ―phridoo, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	In 35 years nursing homes will have some really awesome LAN parties. ―bethisnicenow, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	In 40 years we will think of words like "swag" "cray" and "totes" like we do now with "golly" "darn tootin" and "gee whiz." ―batmanforhire, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	In 40 years when they remake the Harry Potter movies Daniel Radcliffe will probably play a minor character and children won't believe you when you say that he was Harry Potter once. ―Pengqiao, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	In 40 years, there will be a teenage girl lying on her bed wearing vintage Ugg Boots, Listening to Katy perry or Justin Bieber saying she was born in the wrong generation. ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	In 5 years, we'll be closer to 2070 than we are to 1970. ―Goldin, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	In 50 years kids will have the stupidest usernames as nothing will be available. ―DarkGator, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	In 50 years, 'Old lady' names will be things like Tiffany, Brittany, and Nikki. ―POCKALEELEE, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	In 50 years, retirement homes will host LAN parties instead of bingo nights ―BasedJedi, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	In 6 or 7 years people are going to have to stop referring to the 1920's as simply "the twenties" ―Agaeris, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	In 7 years, when referring to the 'twenties,' we will have to specify the 1920s. ―TheNestleCrunch, May 2013
observations	sfw	In 80 years or so, the this place will be a hub for the thoughts of the dead. ―TheDalekCaan, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	In 9 months, I bet that we'll see a spike in the German birth rate. ―[deleted], Jul 2014
observations	sfw	In 99% of cases I will actually go out of my way to avoid a particular company/product if I'm continuously bombarded with their ads on social media. ―forty2wallabyway, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	In Adam Sandler movies, the wife always has to be a total babe so decent looking children make sense. ―[deleted], May 2015
observations	sfw	In Canada we don't have "Independence Day" because we asked the queens permission to become a country. ―700fps, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	In England you can join the army at 16 but have to be 18 to buy Call Of Duty ―antiheromcr, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	In England, if you don't pay for your TV licence, you can be sent to prison. Where you can watch all the TV you want, without needing a licence. ―MrMikeHunt, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	In FBI shows, cops are incompetent unskilled simpletons who just get in the way. In Cop shows, the FBI are bureaucratic incompetent simpletons who just get in the way. ―Charlie_Juliet, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	In GTA I only get shot if I'm wielding a gun or a crime has actually been committed. Proving that video games are only slightly less violent than the reality they are based on. ―Nato-jenkins, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	In GTA, everyone drives with their doors unlocked despite high crime rates ―beastgamer9136, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	In Game of Thrones, the Night's Watch should really consider wearing white cloaks instead of black ones in order to blend with the snow and not be spotted. ―Vitrin99, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	In HIMYM, all Ted's girlfriend are hot because he's the one telling the story. ―Wasted_Comment, May 2014
observations	sfw	In Harry Potter's world, people would use polyjuice potion to satisfy all kinds of sexual fantasies. ―odel555q, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	In I Am Legend, a man manages to survive three years with a dog as his sole companion but dies after merely 24 hours with a woman ―temptemptempaccount, May 2016
observations	sfw	In Japan, radiation creates monsters (Godzilla) and in America radiation creates superheroes ―XCosmicBananaX, May 2015
observations	sfw	In Monsters Inc, Boo could have been speaking perfect English, but we hear it as gibberish because we're hearing it from the monsters perspective who speak a different language ―Pixel_Implosion, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	In Orwell's 1984, they had a nationally enforced daily exercise plan, and guaranteed employment. We don't even have that. ―velaxtrum, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	In Phantom Menace, there were more than a hundred Jedi and only 2 Sith. If Anakin is meant to bring balance to the force, the Jedi council must have known what the only logical outcome of training Anakin will have been. ―shogoh, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	In Poland, every dancer is a pole-dancer ―Make3, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	In Scotland, we pay more for plastic bags for shopping than we do for university tuition ―c2aye, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	In Skyrim, Khajiit should have reduced fall damage, since cats always land on their feet. ―knellotron, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	In Space Jam, Marvin the Martian is the referee precisely because he's both a Looney Tune and a Space Alien. ―metcalsr, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	In Spiderman(2002), Peter didn't kill the spider that bites him, so the spider could've bit anyone else and there will be more than one spiderman. ―Muazrozlan, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	In Star Wars, a World War is just a minor conflict that is not of any real significance. ―germantoucan, May 2016
observations	sfw	In Star Wars, if Luke turned off his targeting computer and then missed the Death Star's exhaust port he would have looked like the biggest jackass ever. ―_illionaire, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	In Star Wars: A New Hope, when the rebels are describing the size of the target area they specifically say "two METERS wide" to avoid using the Imperial system ―elliot91, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	In Stuart Little, the Little family walked into an orphanage, looked at ever child there, and decided on a rodent. ―mattacular2001, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	In Superman's day, people got really excited about seeing birds and planes ―Invicta_Game, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	In The Incredibles, Elasti-Girl probably had no trouble during childbirth. ―jarheadsynapze, May 2014
observations	sfw	In Toystory, at what stage during manufacture do the toys become alive. ―lewisisbrown, May 2016
observations	sfw	In Tropic Thunder, when Robert Downey Jr. is impersonating a Chinese farmer, he is an American actor playing an Australian actor who is acting as an American black man impersonating a Chinese farmer. ―lordzoku, May 2016
observations	sfw	In a 2 hour episode of "The Voice," there is only about 10 minutes of actual singing. ―LavenderGoomes, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	In a 500-day period I could theoretically meet someone, get married, have a baby, and get divorced--and yet I'd still be using the same box of Q-tips. ―nXanadu, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	In a Rick Astley concert, if he didn't sing "never gonna give you up", it would be a reverse rickroll. ―Ayle87, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	In a couple thousand years archeologists will dig up tanning beds and think we fried people as punishment. ―WuTangTribe, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	In a decade or two Google Maps could have a "time travel" option where you can see street views from the past. ―ReservoirHotdogs, May 2013
observations	sfw	In a few generations, kids will be frustratedly trying to remember today's date for a U.S. history test. ―Thru_mylens, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	In a few hours, 120,000,000 people will get drunk while watching men play with each other. ―sam_T_man, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	In a few years, French Uber drivers will be throwing rocks at self-driving cars. ―Philipp, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	In a figurative context, the adjectives "blunt" and "to the point" have similar meanings, but in a literal context, they are exact opposites. ―CharlemagneAdelaar, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	In a game of golf, the goal is to play as little golf as possible. ―neren, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	In a game of tag between a very good sprinter and a very good distance runner, the chaser will always catch the other one. ―a_random_reddit, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	In a single lifetime, George Takei has gone from being sent to an internment camp for being Japanese, to being able to marry his gay lover ―Mantis_Pantis, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	In a submarine battle you can be under fire, underwater, on fire, and taking on water all at the same time. ―Snoopislurking, May 2016
observations	sfw	In a way, Charlie Sheen has gone viral. ―54cisco54, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	In a world full of "devices" &amp; heads down, Ferris Bueller's quote "Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it" seems more pertinent every day. ―Rugius, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	In about 15 years, karaoke bars will be overrun with groups of drunk girls singing "Let it Go." ―man_mayo, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	In about 50 years, it'll be impressive when I tell my grandchildren that I'm older than YouTube ―mightynifty, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	In addition to best seller lists, Amazon should also have "most returned" lists ―suchamazewow, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	In all my life I have probably seen over ten thousand squirrels wandering around. Never once have I seen one pooping. ―the_y_of_the_tiger, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	In all science fiction, humans are the one race whose goal is to get along with every other race. In non-fiction, humans can't even get along with themselves. ―WippitGuud, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	In all seven books, Harry Potter only bathes once ―Kate_is_here, May 2016
observations	sfw	In an ideal world we would never hear the words "in an ideal world" ―Stalemate9, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	In an uphill race, the first runner up is actually the winner. ―DeesusCrust, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	In ancient times, a bag of Trail Mix would be a luxury unlike any other. They'd have to import chocolate from Central America, cashews from India, almonds from Africa, peanuts from South America, and raisins from North America. ―solarbabies, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	In another ten years "My car is manual" will mean it has a steering wheel. ―BecauseItWasThere, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	In cartoons, especially Tom and Jerry, the mouse live in a hole in the wall. I've never seen this kind of hole in real life. ―ILikeWoodenTables, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	In chess, the Queen is the hero and the King is the damsel in distress. ―bad_buoys, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	In culinary school, your dog eating your homework is a pretty legitimate concern. ―jimbozinoh, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	In eleven days, 2030 will be as far away as 2000 ―jeromecarlos, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	In exactly one month, so many people are going to learn that Steve Buscemi was a firefighter and helped out on 9/11. ―marlowned, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	In high school, I was jealous of the girls who only dated college guys. Then I got into college and saw the guys who only dated high school girls. ―BrainGoesPop, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	In high school, girls dating college guys were cool. In college, guys dating girls in high school are losers. ―Durden11, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	In highschool, eating lunch alone is considered lame and can result in bullying. In a busy office, eating lunch alone and undisturbed is considered a luxury. ―Kezly, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	In just a little over 4 years, "30 years ago" will mean the 90s. ―parissyndrome1988, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	In less than 72 hours, Niantic has turned all of our sophisticated smartphones back into Gameboy Colors. ―sadscumclub, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	In light of the Sony hackings, South Park should make an episode where they just kill Kim Jong-un over and over again. ―HenryAlanVenture, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	In limbo, if you set the bar low, you are really setting the bar high. ―Young_Gentlemen, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	In modern society, the best way to not leave a paper trail, is by actually writing something down on paper. ―GeronimoJak, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	In most episodes of scooby doo, the bad guy hasn't actually comitted any crime, he's just scared people away from X place so he can dig for treasure. ―The-Princess, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	In movie, Wizard of Oz, the Tin Man and Scarecrow could've just killed the Lion and taken his heart and brain. ―bobsmith1111, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	In movies nobody ever has the bottom locker. ―godisfat, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	In movies why doesn't the villain spray paint all the bomb wires black ―robowes, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	In movies with space battles, don't you find it coincidental that when the ships approach each other, they are both the "same way up?" The odds are pretty low that they left their home planets and defined "up" the same way. ―jkvandelay, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	In movies, someone fires a gun into the ceiling of a room to get everyone's attention. The person then speaks like someone could actually hear them after that. ―probabilitydoughnut, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	In my 20s I thought therapists were for unstable people. In my 30s I think they're for stable people. ―NiceFormBro, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	In my entire life, I have never seen a female taxi driver. ―zedgy, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	In my experience attending Catholic school drastically reduces your chances of being Catholic as an adult ―just-casual, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	In my head, you all have the exact same voice as me. ―retuurntheslaab, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	In my humble opinion, every time a sock goes missing in the dryer, it travels through a multidimensional portal and comes back as an extra Tupperware lid in my cabinet. ―InnerGod357, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	In my life I've purchased at least 50 cans of WD40, right now I can locate two, I've never thrown one away, and I have no idea where the rest went ―EngineerBoy00, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	In order for Bill Gates to get the same sensation of the me finding a twenty dollar bill in my pocket, Bill would have to find 15.2 million dollars in his pocket. ―appa25, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	In order to fall asleep, you have to pretend to be asleep. ―conesarecool, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	In order to grow our muscles, we kill other animals and eat THEIR muscles. ―JamalBruh, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	In other people's dreams, I've met people I don't know. ―ossetepo, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	In our solar system, there are more planets with robot population than with the human population. ―Reshevsky, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	In paintball, you should be allowed to use a paintbrush as a knife. ―pleasantreddit, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	In professional poker, is Botox considered a performance enhancing drug? ―Schdbit, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	In real life we smile with our mouth. On the internet we smile with our colon. :) ―wpadera, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	In reality, most "90's kids" are actually nostalgic for the early 2000's. ―floopykid, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	In school zones I watch my speedometer more than I watch for kids ―pwebyd90, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	In sci-fi, future people eat bland, colorless paste containing all necessary nutrients. In reality, we eat brightly colored foods with intense flavors and no nutrition. ―racornist, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	In sci-fi, the AIs that awaken &amp; destroy humanity always have edgy names like "Skynet" or "Matrix". In real life, it'll probably be something like "Google Spadoodle". ―proterozoic, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	In sign language, arthritis is a speech impediment. ―drake_n_bake, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	In some countries people are broke and don't even have clean drinking water and in my country we have fountains in public places that spew clean water and people just throw their unwanted money into it ―yungd17, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	In space reverse cowgirl and doggy are the same thing ―alberpopov, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	In space, everything is a stones throw away. ―BretticusMaximus92, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	In t-shirt sizes, XL &gt; L &gt; M, but it's the opposite in roman numerals ―paperhat, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	In the 2020 election we are going to see a lot of ads about having 20/20 vision (for the future). ―myusernameforporn, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	In the 24 hour clock, 24 hours is never displayed. ―Lanadre, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	In the 90's the 2 biggest rules were to not get in car with strangers and dont meet with people you met on the internet, now most of us do both regularly ―fiyahz, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	In the 90s there was a huge push to get kids to not talk to strangers. Shortly after, the internet was created. ―ARCblooperreddit, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	In the DC Universe, there are probably a lot of authentic batarangs being sold on eBay. ―TheDivided, May 2016
observations	sfw	In the Deadpool movie, it would be awesome if Deadpool recognized Stan Lee in the cameo. ―Vitrin99, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	In the Harry Potter universe, you could probably get a .gif tattooed on you. ―resonatingfury, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	In the Harry Potter world, why is there no magic spell to correct his vision? ―anoelr1963, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	In the LEGO Universe, all doctors are plastic surgeons. ―luckyhack, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	In the Lion King when simba sings "I just can't wait to be king" he's just singing about "I just can't wait for my dad to die." ―Lola-the-cat, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	In the Lion King, Simba sings, "I Just Can't Wait to Be King" with surprising enthusiasm, considering the primary mechanism by which princes become kings. ―skepticaljesus, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	In the US, taxes are mandatory but voting isn't. People who pay taxes but don't vote are basically saying, "Here, take my money. Whoever is in charge can do whatever they want with it." ―redAMAdit, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	In the USA, it's 100x cheaper to take an Uber to the hospital instead of an ambulance. ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	sfw	In the bible, Noah told people when it would rain. Nowadays, NOAA tells people when it will rain. ―yummypi, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	In the distant future some kid will disappoint their parents because they want to get an art history degree and concentrate on memes of the 2010s. ―theburnedmanwalks, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	In the dog world, humans are elves that routinely live to be 500+ years old. ―hypermog, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	In the drug mule business, a buttload would be a practical unit of measurement ―rorytheracingcar14, May 2016
observations	sfw	In the event of an apocalypse I would spend the first 20 minutes wondering why the internet doesn't work ―OrionSeph, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	In the first Harry Potter, Ron's attempt to change Scabber's colour didn't work because he's not a real rat ―TheCaptainCog, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	In the future buying a manual car won't be buying a car that has a manual transmission. It will be buying a car that isn't self driving. ―Scuba_Steve93, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	In the future people will wake up hung over, hundreds of miles from home, in their car with autopilot on. ―kdlasjfl, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	In the future, "automatic" and "manual" will refer not to the car's transmission, but whether the car drives itself or not. ―YellowG1, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	In the future, Earth Day will probably be a day to remember Earth. ―EverythingBurned, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	In the future, ancestry.com would just link to our old Facebook accounts. ―thegrinderofpizza, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	In the future, everybody's self-driving cars will drive slowly around the block all day to avoid buying parking tickets. ―Auzy, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	In the future, imagine how many Go-Pros will be found in snow mountains containing the last moments of peoples lives. ―anonymoos_user, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	In the future, our kids will ask us why we say "there's plenty of fish in the sea". ―tonyp808, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	In the last 20 years, I won over $7300 by not buying a lottery ticket every day. ―Nukemarine, May 2014
observations	sfw	In the last 5 years, I've gone from thinking "Please don't hit me" at approaching traffic as a pedestrian to "Go ahead and hit me, I don't want to work anymore." ―Lord_Snow9899, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	In the last four days "Grab them by the p***y" has been said more times than all the other days in history, combined. ―Unicornpark, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	In the movie Terminator 2, the Terminator and the T-1000 talking on the phone were two AI machines trying to convince each other that they were human. ―Deckardzz, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	In the near future thanks to self-driving cars, "drunk driving" will mean waking up on the side of the road somewhere, out of gas because you thought "Disneyland" was a good destination at 3:00 AM. ―jpranevich, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	In the near future, most grandparents will be way better at video games than their grandchildren due to sheer experience. ―cooterbreath, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	In the newest Batman v. Superman trailer, instead of "son of Krypton vs. bat of Gotham", they really should have Lex describe it as "son (sun) of Krypton vs. knight (night) of Gotham" to highlight the central characters' opposing qualities ―IshijimaLogan, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	In the next hundred years 7 billion people will die... ―megachirops95, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	In the original "Dracula" movie from 1931, Dracula and Van Helsing are played by Bela Lugosi and Edward Van Sloan. So their names are..."Bela" and "Edward". ―themightyheptagon, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	In the same vein as TLDR, there should be a NHDW abbreviation meaning "no headphones, didn't watch," for videos. ―cleverreference1, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	In the span of my lifetime, 5 dollars has gone from being worth 5 roast beef sandwiches to not even a single subway sandwich. ―large-farva, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	In the universe of the movie "Cars," rental cars could be considered prostitutes ―dongpoop, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	In the word "scent", is it the S or the C that is silent? ―teetheater, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	In the word, "Eight," the only letter you pronounce properly is the "t." ―president_of_derp, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	In the year 2020, it will be 4/20 for an entire month. ―castroifyer, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	In the year 2020, there will be a whole month of 4/20 ―HOLD-SHIFT, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	In the year 2021 the phrase "hindsight is 20/20" will be insufferably popular. ―Alsweetex, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	In the year 2021, hindsight will be 2020. ―Prooffread3r, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	In the year 2021, the phrase 'hindsight is 2020' will be overused ―jeffdavidoff, May 2015
observations	sfw	In the year 3000, when cars are still on the ground, nobody's living on Mars, and cell phones are still outside of our bodies, some digital archeologist is going to find Futurama and have a good laugh. ―Ask-About-My-Book, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	In this solar system, all problems on Earth are third world problems. ―koulnis, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	In two years, it will just be Super Bowl L ―MrBarryThor12, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	In video games, you gain XP from success. In real life, you gain XP from failure. ―porygon93, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	In videogames, no one walks anywhere. In real life, no one sprints anywhere. ―UnmortalBeing, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	In your lifetime you are the first one to be born and the last to die. ―Kingoflionbears, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Incorrect facts about Amish people spread around the internet are not very likely to be corrected... ―SmokeyBacon0221, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Instagram would be a good name for a weed vending machine. ―rbenayad, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Instagram would be a great nickname for a drug dealer ―RustbeltRoots, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Instagram would have been a good name for a drug delivery service ―imduanereademy5isfly, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Instagram would have been a great name for a marijuana delivery service. ―Stumpy907, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Instead of 'faking your own death' we should just call it "Pseudocide" ―WordingCounts, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Instead of .ca Canadian websites should end with .eh ―HappyTheBunny, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Instead of 15 second commercials that can be skipped after 5 seconds, YouTube should just use 6 second commercials. Vine has proved that is enough time to get a full thought across. ―bittenbarman, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Instead of Reddit Gold, I would pay half the price to give someone Reddit Coal to all the stupid comments I see out there ―idontbangnomore, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Instead of a "pearl necklace", it should be called a "chestnut". ―falcontiger, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Instead of a finale The Simpsons should just keep retiring characters as all the voice actors die. The final episode will just be shots of an empty Springfield. ―macrowive, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Instead of a reboot, Ghostbusters should have been Bill Murray in a retirement home, dealing with the ghosts there. ―Psyche_Siren, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Instead of asking for $3, Wikipedia should ask for $3.50 and randomly redirect you to the loch ness monster page until you donate ―huehuelewis, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Instead of being a reporter shouldn't superman have been a doctor as clark kent? Then he could secretly use his x-ray vision to find tumors and cancers and save more lives! ―guitarium, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Instead of calling it a getaway car, we should call it a "fleehicle". ―My_Anus_Is_Bleating, May 2014
observations	sfw	Instead of colorizing photos, in 50 years we will be removing filters. ―SixSexySockPuppets, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Instead of debates, we should give candidates three impromptu essay questions they have to answer in three hours in 1,000 words or less, and they have to write it, immediately and live on web cam, with no help from their interns. ―VonnegutIce9, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Instead of just looking up into the sky, you’re actually gazing down into the infinite cosmic abyss, with only gravity holding you onto the surface of the earth. ―SwegWalker, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Instead of letting you skip ads, YouTube should hire Vine-savvy people to create 6-second ads. ―ForeverInaDaze, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Instead of looking up into the sky, you're actually gazing down into the infinite cosmic abyss, with only gravity holding you to the surface of the Earth. ―MrFrowny_, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Instead of looking up into the sky,you're actually gazing down into the infinite cosmic abyss,with only gravity holding you to the surface of the Earth. ―loveuUSA, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Instead of people constantly making throwaways, why doesn't Reddit have a "post comment anonymously" feature? ―roshandosh, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Instead of playing Monopoly, rich kids should play a game called Philanthropy, where they learn how to responsibly give away money. ―zserdenb, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Instead of purple, visited links on Reddit should turn red. That way, redditors can say that they have 'red'it. ―Potentpotable_, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Instead of saying "That's what she said" I've adopted a new saying, "That's how my Grandma died." ―zoso29, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Instead of saying someone "lost" their battle with a disease, we should acknowledge that upon death they also killed the parasitic disease like some sort of cool heroic movie sacrifice. ―serenity78, May 2015
observations	sfw	Instead of shadow bans, banned users should be redirected to an alternate version of a website which they'll have to share with other banned users. Don't tell them, and let it turn into a social experiment. ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Instead of stink bombs someone should design scent bombs- Small capsules you can drop and crush discreetly to overpower bad odors on places like trains. ―Drix22, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Instead of suspending bad students and giving them days of, we should have anti-suspentions and give them more school on weekends and holidays ―Gambit1995, May 2016
observations	sfw	Instead of tear gas, police should employ THC cannisters during a riot and push multiple free snack carts in outward directions to disperse rioters and dissuade them from destruction. ―[deleted], Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Instead of telling people to stop making memes, the Cincinnati Zoo should tell people to post their favorite photos of Harambe using the hashtag #picsoutforharambe. ―TheTrueFlexKavana, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Instead of the money spent on mice for marijuana studies, I would happily pay $10 to get high and run a maze. ―jBeardly, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Instead of the stupid motion sensors on toilets, have them set to flush as soon as you unlock the stall door ―kwithnok, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Instead of torturing people for getting information, why don't they just get them really drunk? ―[deleted], Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Instead of trying to invent a time machine, we should create a time which entices future time machine inventors to come back and visit. ―EvenEvan13, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Instead of using "1st Grade", we should call it "Level 1" when referring to school so it sounds cooler to kids. ―JR_GameR, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Insurance must be crazy expensive in Metropolis and Gotham City. ―explorer58, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Intentionally losing at Rock Paper Scissors is just as hard as trying to win ―SideBern, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Intentionally losing at a game of rock, paper, scissors is just as hard as trying to win ―itman290, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Interesting how you use a ladle to get broth and go to a brothel to get laid. ―[deleted], Jun 2013
observations	sfw	Internet browsers should wait to ask me if I want to save my password until after I have figured out if I input the right one. ―JoshuaCardigan, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Ireland and Iceland are a "sea" apart. ―unicornsandnarwhals, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Ironically, Chumbawumba never got back up again. ―ahundredheys, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Ironically, The One Ring from Lord of The Rings is probably the most replicated ring ever. ―Wild_Hearts_Run, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Ironing boards are just surf boards that stopped pursuing their dreams and got a real job instead. ―ImThatMan0nTheMoon, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Is "Ow" the sound humans naturally make when they feel pain or have we just learned to say that? ―OptimusRhyme69, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Is a bath relaxing for Michael Phelps, or does he just feel like he is at work? ―AlbeitEinstein1989, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Is a subpar golfer good or bad? ―geeeer, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Is cutting off Mike Wazowski's legs the same thing as beheading him? ―DKBetiza, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Is expired poison more poisonous or less poisonous? ―anewdayiscoming_, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Is gay marriage legal during the purge? ―I_Sell_Moon_Rocks, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Is it "milk them for all they're worth" or "milk them for all their worth?" ―idekmanidk, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is? ―Have_One, May 2015
observations	sfw	Is it just me, or are 80% of the people in the “people you may know” feature on Facebook people that you do know, but deliberately choose not to be friends with? ―BookerGinger, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Is the "S" or "C" in scent silent? ―Vaxtin, May 2015
observations	sfw	Is the Snapchat logo a ghost because the pictures will come back to haunt you? ―Wait__Whut, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Is there an alternate universe that has a Pawn Shop channel that only airs shows about history? ―[deleted], Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Islam needs to eat a Snickers. ―T5000X, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Isn't "The pen is mightier than the sword." a little out dated. Shouldn't it be "The byte is quicker than the bullet." ―xBDJ, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Isn't Christianity Judaism with a Jesus expansion pack? ―HeftyBiscuit, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Isn't Viagra technically 'junk food'. ―Zedlox, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Isn't a babies 1st birthday actually their 2nd? ―aSadStateOfAffairs, May 2016
observations	sfw	Isn't having one month designated for black history segregation? ―kevinonthemoon, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Isn't it amazing how one tiny egg, and one tiny sperm can come together and turn into a colossal twat? ―neolobers, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you. You feel more paranoid than protected? ―bbttrraann, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Isn't it weird in movies sometimes when there's a fight on top of a truck yet all the cars behind them will be driving like normal like "this is real messed up but I'm not going to be late for work". ―crudmissile, May 2016
observations	sfw	Isn't it weird that war is literally just a concept of "we can't come to a logical solution so we're just going to try to kill all of your people" ―freakinlaservision, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Isn't it weird that we don't see more dead people just out on the sidewalk or in a store? I see hundreds of people a day. You'd think some of them would drop dead in front of me occasionally. ―octobertwins, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Isn't redesigning Barbie just forcing her to conform to someone else's standard of beauty? ―BridgetteBane, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Isn't the famous definition of 'insanity' the same as the definition of 'practice'? "Repeating something over and over expecting a different result". ―jamiehall30, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Isn't the freshness date on the milk carton really a spoiler alert? ―PublicPool, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Isn't the roof of my mouth really the ceiling because it's on the inside? ―SouthParkDid_it, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Isn’t it weird that we have one hand that knows how to do everything and then one hand that just sits there like, “I don’t know how to hold a pencil." ―cgallic, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	It always seems as if the designers of dishwasher racks have never loaded a dishwasher themselves ―fusterclux, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	It always seems gross when I touch someone's wet hand when they come from the bathroom, but I should probably be more concerned if it's dry. ―DisIshSucks, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	It amazes me that there was a time before sandwiches. ―taintosaurus_rex, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	It blows my mind that humans can "accidentally" produce life. ―studioRaLu, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It blows my mind that the sun is 93 million miles away from us, and we can still feel it's heat on our cheek ―Mvem, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It bothers me that 12AM comes before 11AM ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	It doesn't matter how old I get, I'll always look up whenever I hear a helicopter. ―enefoo, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It feels like Morgan Freeman has been old my whole life. ―iwantartmoney, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	It feels way more like Starwars season than it does Christmas this year ―buddhamunche, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	It has gotten to the point that every time I see "defiantly" I automatically think some idiot misspelled "definitely" ―eatinchapstick, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	It is 2016 and I can now send messages on the iPhone with balloons, GIFs, "invisible ink", etc, but I can't bold, italicize, or underline a word. ―dzcurly, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It is amazing to think that nighttime is actually the natural state of the universe, and the only reason we have daytime is because Earth just so happens to be facing a giant star illuminating it. ―bertonomus, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	It is amazing to think that nighttime is actually the natural state of the universe, and the only reason we have daytime is because Earth just so happens to be facing a giant star illuminating it. ―therap321, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It is difficult to win an argument with an intelligent person, but it is impossible to win an argument with a very stupid person. ―Dreamlite, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It is kind depressing to think that I used to play thousand of high quality free flash games online, but nowadays I can barely find a free phone game that isn't filled with ads or try to shove microtransactions. ―Mr_Ivysaur, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It is literally impossible to forget something on purpose, yet we get angry with people if they forget things. ―pey17, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	It is more widely socially acceptable to watch TV and do nothing than it is to play video games and control what you do. ―5K331DUD3, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	It is quite weird when an entire boy band sings a love song about one girl. ―danielstegeman, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	It is socially acceptable to say "Good morning" as a greeting and "Good night" as a farewell, however it would be weird if someone said "Good morning" to you as a farewell and "Good night" as a greeting ―Blankman06, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	It just dawned on me; characters in movies are always watching really old movies because those movies don't require a royalty fee anymore. ―Tre-ben, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	It just occurred to me that duels were most likely scheduled at high noon so that the sun wasn't in either opponent's eyes. ―iAmMileyCyrusLefTtit, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	It make absolutely zero sense that the only vehicles not requiring seatbelts are giant buses full of children. ―greenskeeper87, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It makes me really uncomfortable that 12am comes before 11am. ―RiyazYusufi2015, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	It must be awkward for the wives who legitimately hit a door and got a black eye. ―dorkmax, May 2015
observations	sfw	It must be difficult for someone named "Rob Banks" to open a checking account. ―SearchingDeepSpace, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	It must be hard for people in England to tell other people when they have a bloody nose ―JLin45, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	It must be really tough to play a "Q" tile in Scrabble in England when you have to waste the "U" on words like "colour" and "labour". ―buckyboy28, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	It must be super weird for babies to fall asleep in one place and then wake up 4 hours later in a completely different place with different clothes on. ―WilliamRandolphHurts, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	It must be unnerving going back to sleep for the first time after waking up from a long coma. ―DrunkWhenSober, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It must suck to be a butterfly on super windy day. "Oh, I guess I'm going this way now." ―PantherLack, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	It must suck to be an atheist named Christian. ―wowitspayday, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	It must suck when billionaires wake up feeling like a million bucks ―electrovert, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	It only takes 3 people to span the entire history of the United States. ―garnteller, May 2014
observations	sfw	It only takes three generations for you to be basically forgotten ―OfficerBrando, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	It really bothers me that we pay sports stars millions of dollars each year but my goal of doing research to figure out causes and solutions to mental illness will pay me $45,000 a year after 10 years of university, if I am lucky. ―Existential_Fluff, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	It seems insane to think that we live in a world where an egg timer app needs my location to figure out the boiling point of water at my latitude. ―poopydooopy, May 2016
observations	sfw	It seems kind of douchy for medical offices to charge Alzheimer's patients for missed or forgotten appointments. ―QuiGonGingerAle, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	It seriously needs to be illegal for sound effects of emergency vehicle sirens to be played on radio commercials. ―Inceptagon, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	It should be allowed to use a paintbrush as a knife in Paintball ―pemorio, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	It should be illegal for radio commercials to include the sound of cars honking. ―catestone, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	It should be illegal for video ads to be longer than the video you're trying to watch... ―Pretz_, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	It should be illegal to broadcast car horns or police sirens over radio advertisements ―tingtanguh, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It should be illegal to play sirens over the radio. ―blorgalorp, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It should be illegal to show CPR done incorrectly on tv or in movies. ―red_dragons_lair, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	It sucks when I read read as read and not read, so I have to re-read read as read so I can read read correctly and it can make sense... ―AvoidMySnipes, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	It takes 2 seconds to pick up a penny. That's technically $18 an hour. More than I make at work. ―gohamstergo, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	It takes a whole ocean and the moon to erase my mere footstep on the sand ―[deleted], Jun 2014
observations	sfw	It takes longer to say "www." than "world wide web." ―thelirivalley, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	It took Pokémon GO to get Americans to use the metric system ―thefunkylemon, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	It took me 16 years to realise Saturday has turd in it ―KimAndreTheMan, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	It took me 23 years to realize that "be there or be square" is because you're not a-round. ―kraaayzie, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	It took me way too long to realize that Liam is short for William ―mrsaturdaypants, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	It used to be a luxury to get produce from across the world, but now it's a luxury to get them locally ―staarkiid, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It was pretty cool that all the Jewish kids didn't ruin Santa for us when we were younger. ―Something_Political, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	It will really freak Marty McFly out when he arrives and everyone is expecting him, dressed up like him, and having parties in his honor. ―AegisToast, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	It would be a good idea to have "The Price Is Right" with billionaires, just to see how out of touch they are. ―slim2shady, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It would be cool if Google could identify nature sounds the same way it does with songs and shows (like Shazam). That way we could know which animal or insect is making whichever noise we hear. ―MunkyPhuck, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	It would be cool to see an album of all the pictures you've accidentally photobombed in public ―Daeesh, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	It would be hilarious if the zodiac killer came forward because he couldn't stand the fact that some people think he's Ted Cruz ―Tycesucks, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	It would be infinitely cooler if the people in your dream had the same dream and you could talk about it. ―Droolings, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	It would be ironic if in 2020 we elect a blind president. ―Jatipi, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	It would be ironic if snake oil was found to be the cure for cancer. ―-Smacky-the-Frog-, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	It would be pretty neat if my Samsung keyboard didn't learn new words while my browser was in incognito mode. ―ThatIneptGuy, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	It would be really convenient if my eyes could use "Ctrl+f" to search for things. ―360yy, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	It would be really weird if emotional dramas had "cry tracks" similar to sitcoms with laugh tracks. ―Atlantabraves, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	It would be satisfying to see Alex Trebek go on Jeopardy as a contestant and just get absolutely smoked. ―[deleted], Jan 2016
observations	sfw	It would make more sense if 3 had the value of 4 because the number 3 looks like half of the number 8 ―thejamesstage, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	It would probably be illegal to cast a 17 year old as the star of an accurate portrayal of the life of an average 17 year old ―JamesIgnatius27, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	It would suck if you were bisexual and the man of your dreams married the woman of your dreams ―AeroTheManiac, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	It would suck to be in a car crash outside a Halloween party; You'd show up bloody with your jaw hanging off and everyone would say "Sick costume, dude!" ―postmodest, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It'd probably only take a few thousand generations of selective breeding to turn a squid into a fully functioning inkjet printer. ―[deleted], Apr 2015
observations	sfw	It'll be nice if you could shout "Siri where are you" and it'll respond "over here" when trying to look for your iPhone ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	It's 2016 and we still haven't figured out a solution to that thing that happens when you try to call someone and they go to call you back but you're calling them at the same time and no one can get through ―Zacg15, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	It's 2016. Don't you think it's about time shower heads came with a built in thermometer so you don't have to make random adjustments for 20 minutes before your shower is comfortable? ―thegreatanihilator, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	It's 2:30am and you'll probably never see this. How many hundreds of brilliant, life-changing thoughts and ideas are lost on Reddit each day, simply due to being posted at the wrong time? ―colellasj, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	It's 7:45 on October 3rd and I just saw a Christmas commercial and I am not sure how I feel about that. ―QuiGonGingerAle, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia should do a crossover episode with Bar Rescue ―kirbstomp4, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	It's OK to cry in a job interview if you're an actor ―pimack, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	It's a little ironic that my "lazy" clothes, are the exact same as my gym clothes ―Stallsy, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It's a shame great minds think alike. If they thought differently, we'd get double the great ideas. ―SDFprowler, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	It's a tragedy that Chris Farley died before the Rob Ford scandals. ―i_am_penis, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	It's actually ok to ask somebody who works at the mint how much money they make. ―Mungo_Clump, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	It's actually pretty likely that I'll be in physical vicinity of one of you in real life but neither of us will have any idea that we had this brief connection on the internet. ―damn_dats_racist, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	It's all fun and games until your younger sibling starts crying within earshot of your parents ―colbsauce, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It's always such a relief when I log on to Reddit in the morning and the top post isn't about mass murder. ―Cosmolution, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	It's amazing how much authority a parking cone has. ―I_Am_Pencilvester, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	It's amazing how my brain can construct these highly detailed and vivid scenes during dreams, yet I can't seem to draw a stick figure better than your average 7 year-old. ―CuriousCatLiving, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	It's amazing how often "Can I help you?" really means "You look suspicious. Who are you and what are you doing here?" ―dommeursault, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	It's amazing how often "turn it off then turn it back on again" actually solves the problem. ―Malibu_Snackbar, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It's amazing how unforgiving we are towards bugs, we will straight up murder them for even coming near us. ―Redditkid16, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It's been a full ten years since we properly appreciated how easily the handwritten numeral 5 can be changed to a 6. ―cats__hammers, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	It's been over a decade and we still haven't introduced bold and italics to text messages. ―niko-, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	It's called "cat calling" because when you call a cat they don't come to you. ―forthexp, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	It's called an atlas because it carries the world ―casvanr, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	It's called being "broke" because you don't work ―MidnightAppetite, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	It's called the 'pilot' episode because they want to see if it takes off. ―PM_ME_YOUR_DIABBS, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	It's called your "chest" because it holds your vital organs inside ―FrodoSwagginz, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	It's completely normal to refer to pets as "boy" or "girl", but not to call them "man" or "woman". ―Patjay, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	It's convenient that all the planets in the Star Wars story seem to have the same gravity. ―dyslexic__redditor, May 2016
observations	sfw	It's crazy how nobody in a zombie movie has ever seen a zombie movie. ―mostlythursday, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	It's crazy how we pass our birthday every year and we know that on that day we were born, but we also pass the day we will die every year and have no clue ―nameuser14, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	It's crazy that's there's this giant thing in the sky all the time that we're not supposed to look at. ―robbyking, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	It's depressing that we live in a time when I can see a child freezing and looking miserable walking to school but I can't offer a ride without fear of potentially being labeled a creep or worse. ―PretendProphet, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	It's easier to understand someone who's waaaay smarter than you than someone who is just trying to sound smart ―DunceMSTRFLX, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It's entirely possible that I am a former Men in Black agent. ―willj5784, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	It's funny how all the trust goes away when you're looking for the remote "Are you sitting on the remote?" - "No" "Stand up" ―ana229, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It's funny how some biblical names caught on and not others. Plenty of Daniels, Davids, and Johns, but not so many Jehoshaphats, Zerubbabels, and Zadoks. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	It's genius of Apple and the FBI to pretend that the feds don't already have complete access to everyone's iPhones. ―punkstyle, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	It's going to be so easy to turn a 5 into a 6 for the first few months of 2016. ―JDst4r, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	It's going to be super weird when there are like 45 year old comments on YouTube ―HomerSimpleton, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	It's good that Reddit's layout is a bit archaic because that's the only thing keeping out the Facebook types who find it "too confusing". ―ggez247, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	It's good that Wolverine can heal. He stabs people and never cleans his claws before retracting them. He would have all sorts of blood diseases... ―TheIrishDrinkinger, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	It's illegal for you to prove that I'm not immortal ―UristMcWizard, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	It's ironic that I have to learn how Mitosis and Meiosis work although every single cell in my body knows it already. ―jReX-, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It's ironic that Reddit is on the verge of revolution during the 4th of July weekend ―I_Might_Be_Crazy_But, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	It's ironic that people usually show their driver licenses to buy alcohol. ―tehfrog729, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	It's ironic to me that the people who believe God will warn them to build an ark when the flood comes are the same ones refusing to listen to scientists warning them of rising sea levels. ―KingLouisXXIV, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	It's irrelevant when the time machine is invented. ―IwishIhadAbetterNick, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	It's kinda misleading that the Xbox logo is an X in a circle ―Nitraus, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It's kinda nuts that a 5 billion year old thermonuclear reaction 30 million km away can burn you while you mow the lawn. ―Wynward, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	It's kinda odd that marijuana legality progresses in such a way that it is accepted as beneficial for ill people before its considered safe for healthy ones ―quiteintriguing, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	It's kinda sad that we're in a time where a main selling point in advertisements of foods is that they're made with 100% of the "real" ingredients that they're supposed to be made up of. ―PewPewUDeaded, May 2015
observations	sfw	It's kinda scary to think that 100,000 years from now, most of our important historical events will be a blip on a timeline in a child's school book. ―[deleted], Oct 2013
observations	sfw	It's messed up that you can accidentally make a person but you can't accidentally make a pizza. ―[deleted], Feb 2015
observations	sfw	It's more accurate to say "deaths were postponed" than "lives were saved" ―corleone21, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	It's more socially acceptable to be a man who loves another man than a man who loves Nickleback. ―dorkface95, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	It's never too late to apologize. It only might be too late to have your apology accepted. ―burnerthrown, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It's nice being African American because I can be first without actually being first. I won't have to risk my life to be a "first" on Mars because a white guy will probably do it first. But if I do it next, I can still be the first African American on Mars. ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	It's normal to call your son "son" but it's weird to call your daughter "daughter" ―TheBaz, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	It's not a Sunday unless you completely waste it and feel really sad around 8PM ―Narksdog, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It's not possible for Wolverine to get circumcised ―WithOrWithoutJews, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	It's not surprising there are forest fires every year considering I'm the only one who can prevent them. ―LuckyNumberHat, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	It's not that surpsing that meowing at cats elicits a surprised response. Imagine if a cat walked by and said something random like, "Democracy". ―stevieraykatz, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	It's officially that annoying time of year where it's sweater weather in the morning but by mid-day you die of heatstroke. ―OddzMaker, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It's ok if Playboy stops publishing nudes, because everyone I've ever talked to only gets the magazine for the articles. ―JJMFB417, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	It's only socially acceptable for a person to say that they think they're beautiful if they aren't. ―mordeci00, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	It's pretty close to the 2020s and I still think of the 90's as a few years ago ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It's pretty dumb that I get a new driver's license every four years and it's made out of hard plastic and I'm supposed to have my social security card for life and it's made out of paper. ―KingOfKrackers, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	It's pretty easy for Simba and Mufasa to be singing the Circle of Life when they're the ones at the top of the food chain. I bet the zebras hate that song. ―StingyMango, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	It's pretty rare to use an entire pen without losing it first. On the other hand, It's pretty common to find a pen already out of ink, so it's a paradox in a way. ―Rotwick, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	It's probably good Harambe was shot - "dicks out for dead kids" really wouldn't get the same sort of support. ―HerrDoktorLaser, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It's quite possible that in an alternate dimension people are mysteriously gaining an additional sock or two every time they dry their laundry. ―[deleted], Nov 2015
observations	sfw	It's really dark inside you. ―NoUsernameSelected, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	It's risky to buy soda right after an earthquake ―kevakk, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	It's rude to hold a revolving door for someone ―ckiertz4887, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	It's sad how the death of one earpiece of your headphones leaves the other to a life of neglect &amp; uselessness for no fault of its own. ―floydimus, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	It's sad that Wile. E. Coyote is remembered for his violence rather than his brilliant paintings of tunnels. ―SadGhoster87, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	It's sad that when I see something on the news, I don't believe it right away because of how manipulative the media is. ―Dognado, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	It's safe to assume that more pubes are shaved on February 13th than any other day of the year. ―futuristmusic, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	It's socially acceptable to have friends join you for the beginning of the digestive process but not the end ―mathhelpguy, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	It's socially acceptable to say "I can't function without a cup of coffee," but not "I can't function without a glass of beer" ―Zoomachroom, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	It's somewhat normal to go home with a random one night stand, but it'd be weird to hold their hand while walking to another bar. Hand holding is now more intimate than sleeping with someone. ―ItsaMeMattio, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	It's strange how the the brain doesn't register a second 'the' when written next to another 'the'. ―KyleD1997, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	It's strange that the adoption process is so strict and rigorous; and yet any two people can produce a baby with no regulation whatsoever. ―JaseAndrews, May 2016
observations	sfw	It's stupid to say you were "born in the wrong generation of music." Music from the past is more accessible now than it was during the time period. ―You_coward, May 2016
observations	sfw	It's such a cliche in movies and TV but I don't think I've ever been in an elevator that actually had music playing. ―[deleted], May 2015
observations	sfw	It's super ironic to read 'Fahrenheit 451' on a Kindle. ―Fred6567, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	It's technically illegal to buy a child, yet "adoptions" require an exchange of money. So really, adoption is just the legal purchase of a baby. ―thegreatannemar, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	It's unacceptable to use drugs to enhance your Olympic performance, but perfectly acceptable to use autotune to win a Grammy. ―OMGBEAR, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	It's weird how yogurt is almost exclusively advertised to women ―dexterjam, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	It's weird people compare life to a roller coaster, because on a roller coaster, the downhill parts are the most fun. ―zoolander-, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	It's weird that Universal's logo is just the Earth. ―jayhawk8808, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	It's weird that in grade 12 you have to ask to go the bathroom in school. But 2 months after you graduate you have to choose what you want to do for the rest of your life ―fredsalsa, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	It's weird that people who smoke probably go out and get more fresh air than I do ―SchoettleBus, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	It's weird to think people who are six foot are only 6 subways tall ―HypnoticHD, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	It's weird to think that I don't even exist in your life, yet you're reading what I just typed. ―mobs_catchem, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	It's weird, since I installed ad-blocker there's been a lot less women in my area dying to meet me. ―ThePourquoiPas, May 2016
observations	sfw	Its 2015, why cant you unselect a floor in an elevator yet? ―Thejailer, May 2015
observations	sfw	Its odd that PornHub's comment section is less dumb and more friendly than YouTube's ―Wolfy21_, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Its okay to say that you hate people, but not a specific kind of people. ―Mutant_Llama1, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	It’s becoming more socially acceptable to be a marijuana smoker than a cigarette smoker. ―Dennis91Eric, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It’s officially that annoying time of year where it’s sweater weather in the morning but by mid-day you die of heatstroke. ―WalterMatthew262, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	It’s socially acceptable to talk about how reliant and addicted you are to a drug as long as that drug is caffeine. ―roseygrl98, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Ive never seen a broken lego. ―bkashooter, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I’m only considered the ‘tech person’ in my house because nobody else thinks to Google when something goes wrong. ―thepkmncenter, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	I’m so glad I was born just before the time when all of my embarrassing childhood videos would have been stored on the Internet. ―trance_lovers, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	I’m sure my phone vibrates every now and then with no notification just to make me think I’m going crazy. ―2toneSound, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Jack Black and Jack White should collaborate and make a Jack Gray album ―1stumbler, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Jack really dodged a bullet by not eating those beans. ―Lenzee100, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Jack really dodged a bullet by not eating those beans. ―_littlekidlover_, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Jackets don't warm you up, you warm them up. ―JadedCrimson, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Jaden Smith needs to star in a show about a spoiled rich kid from Bel Aire sent to live with relatives in West Philadelphia. ―jswerve386, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Jamba Juice and Pizza Hut should merge to create Jamba the Hut. ―drain65, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	James Bond is going to need a Visa for his missions now. ―Amedais, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	James Franco and Seth Rogen are like the modern day Cheech and Chong. ―DJ-Tizzle, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Japan looks like someone turned Adblock off. ―Escap3Artist, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Japan was like the Leeroy Jenkins of WWII ―forgot_login, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Japan, one of the least obese nations in the world have obese men fight for entertainment whilst America, one of the most obese countries in the world, have very fit people fight for entertainment ―CommanderCurls, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Jars of salsa should be designed with bowl lids that can be screwed back on without a mess, like laundry detergent caps. ―Karma_Nos, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Jedi always bring a knife to a gun fight. ―GiggleFats, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Jehovah's Witnesses should open a gym called Jehovah's Fitness ―a12345678910, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Jeopardy needs to make audio versions of their show and put it in a podcast. ―Turbo_Sandwich, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Jergens brand lotion should market to teenage boys with the slogan "Are you Jergen it?" ―lyanca, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Jesus backwards sounds like sausage. ―Siricelemontea, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Jesus coming to earth, making friends, dying and revealing himself to be god's son is like the ultimate episode of undercover boss. ―RadiatorSam, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Jesus got boners. ―risa_23, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Jesus had to move back in with his dad at age 33. ―DaaaNK, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Jesus had two dads and a surrogate mom--10/10 Christians agree--he turned out alright. ―deadeyex15, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Jesus' first miracle was bringing alcohol to a party. ―thebananahotdog, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Jesus' statement that man cannot live on bread alone is solid nutritional advice ―ekolis, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Jim Carrey is the reason I never forget how to spell the word "beautiful" ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Jimmy John's should open an upscale restaurant chain called James Johnathan's. ―aRVAthrowaway, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Jimmy John's should open up an upscale restaurant called "James Jonathan's" ―MakeMusicGreatAgain, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Joan Rivers probably won't decompose for thousands of years ―theshamwowguy, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Joggers that wear bright neon can run, but they can't hide. ―TheMillionthSam, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	John Cena and The Rock should be in a movie together as cops who go undercover as wrestlers. ―Mitchdotcom, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	John Cena is the new Rick Astley. ―SpartanDoubleZero, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Johnny Cash would have been a good name for a rapper. ―bobbydigital_ftw, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Judging by all the great loot to be found in every dungeon-filled fantasy game, those worlds are filled with multiple races with tremendous respect for the dead, never disturbing their rest. Then you come along... ―Pharmdawg, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Judging by the state of public restrooms, potty training is a giant failure. ―cunn5065, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Jumanji taught us that the scariest thing in the African jungle is a white guy with a gun. ―emilgromm, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Jumping in video games seems to be a necessary form of movement, yet in real life we rarely, if ever, jump on a daily basis ―arson0202, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Jumping in video games seems to be a necessary form of movement, yet in real life we rarely, if ever, jump on a daily basis. ―Flonny, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	June is like Friday, July is like Saturday, and August is like Sunday ―thebageljew, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Jurassic Park was a cautionary tale about the dangers of underpaying IT workers ―Rot-Orkan, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Just as I assume everyone on Reddit is a 16-30 year old male, I assume everyone on Tumblr is a 12-22 year old female ―thefantasticfellatio, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Just as our bodies heat up to kill off a sickness, what if global warming is the earth heating up to kill off humanity? ―chachasling, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Just before I die, I am going to swallow a bag of popcorn kernels to make the cremation a bit more interesting ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Just by changing the shape of my mouth, I can use my breath to either cool something off, or warm something up. ―fistpunchman, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Just completed a run and swim race, a "duathlon", and the whole time was thinking: duathlon or do not athlon there is no triathlon. ―spacemarine1, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Just counting from 1 to 2 you skipped an infinite amount of numbers ―xmilk_N_cereal, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Just hearing that Congress passed a 2000+ page budget bill with 2 days to read it makes me think they sign legislation like I agree to license agreements. ―Defreshs10, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Just once I want a time travel franchise to release the sequel first. ―polio23, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Just once instead of "follow your dreams" I want to hear a celebrity say "blow the right guy" ―Regularoldballoon, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Just realised "fortnight" is short for fourteen nights ―yorkiecd, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Just realized Will and Jada named their kids Willow and Jaden. ―Invicta_Game, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Just realized how horribly relevant my username is right now ―PulsePanic, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Just realized today that closing time at strip clubs should be called "clothing" time ―dirtyj56, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Justin Bieber is a Canadian who has a hit song called "Sorry". ―BlackPanther01, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	KFC should sponsor a soccer team called Kentucky FC. ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Kanye West is offering a prize to anyone who can guess what Kanye West's new album title "TLOP" stands for. Kanye West probably doesn't even know what it stands for. Kanye West is waiting for someone to submit the best title. ―LA_Ramz, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Kanye West is the person on earth with a personality and lifestyle most similar to Derrick Zoolander ―cptnhaddock, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Kanye West should buy YouTube ads that play before Taylor Swift's songs. ―adamchal, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Kanye West should make a "The Best of Kanye West" album and put all of his songs on it. ―LegalizeCrystalGanja, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Kanye West should re-release his entire discography and title it 'Kanye's Greatest Hits' ―KungFooNoodle, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Kanye West should've waited until Taylor Swift was accepting her Grammy and released his new album as she started her speech. ―ParrotFightClub, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Kanye is actually in love with T-Swift, but since he has the mental capacity of a 3rd grader, putting her down is the only way he knows how to express it. ―DevilsAdvocate1217, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Kanye should stop comparing himself to God. God doesn't even write his own verses. ―SnoodDood, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Kari, Tori, and Grant should create a YouTube channel where they continue to bust myths. They would gain millions of Subscribers really quickly. ―CamelPriest, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Kate Upton and Kate Middleton are famous. How long before we have a famous Kate Downton? ―gmsc, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Katie Perry singing 'you change your mind like a girl changes clothes' is the same as singing 'you change your mind like a girl changes her mind'. ―brianenyo, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Katy Perry spends an entire song saying "you're gonna hear me roar" only for the song to finish with a lion's roar and not her own. ―thebumm, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Keith Urban is a terrible name for a country music singer. ―execon, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Kenny's family is poor because they're always paying for his funeral. ―Eskimobrutha, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Kevin Spacey gets paid more to pretend to be a politician than real ones get paid to run the country. ―Yiazmad, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Keyboards should have a removable crumb tray like toasters so you can get all that gunk out. ―witchsbrew, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Kid Rock should change his name to Adult Country. ―Tinkletyme, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Kid's menus at restaurants should be smaller portions of the same adult dishes at lower prices and not the junk food that they usually offer. ―TheBugMX, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Kids are going to start assuming that the phrase "twiddling your thumbs" means messing around on your phone. ―ldsuckers, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Kids born in the year 2000 will never have to worry about forgetting how old they are. ―[deleted], Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Kids do without thinking, adults think wothout doing. ―shady_cucumber, May 2015
observations	sfw	Kids growing up now will regard the pre-internet era as some kind of unimaginable dark age ―earlyamerican, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Kids in high school typically make fun of kids who are in theater and band, yet they worship celebrities and musicians. ―jlmck4, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Kids in the future will think the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center spawned the idea/creation of "dial 911 for emergency". ―pm_your_garage_gym, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Kids in the movies are always upset when their parents don't make it to their recitals. As a kid I never wanted my parents to show up anywhere. ―truthaboutcs, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Kids of the future will think the emergency number 911 was because of 9/11 ―jcast015, May 2016
observations	sfw	Kids who are eight years old, only know of a black president. Soon, for the first time in their lives, will be alive to witness their first white president. ―TyBoogie, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Kids who see C:\&gt; on a computer screen today are going to automatically turn their heads sideways to figure out what emoticon it's supposed to be. ―Meunderwears, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Kids will never again know the joy of getting a new game and reading the instruction manual on the ride home. ―yesac09, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Kids with two homosexual fathers are immune to your mom jokes. ―thetimujin, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Kids with unique names who were sad they couldn't find personalized souvenirs are now reaping the benefits in available usernames and email addresses. ―MachineGunCaveman, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Killing a spider makes the spider genetic pool sneakier and more deadly. ―godspeedmetal, May 2014
observations	sfw	Killing one bird with one stone seems hard enough ―r_il, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Kim Jong Un is probably the biggest threat to world peace but if you type "Kim" in Google...Kim Kardashian still comes up first. ―Leproscro, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Kim Jong Un is the real life equivalent to Plankton ―SnapeDiedaVirgin, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Kim Jong-Un might actually be the fattest guy in North Korea. ―imaghostmotherfucker, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Kim Jong-Un must look really strange to the people of North Korea since he is the only overweight person in the entire country ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	sfw	Kim K has 64mil Insta followers and gets approx 1mil likes per post. If you have 100 followers, and get 2 likes per post you're getting a higher percentage of likes than she is. ―positivenegativity8, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Kim Kardashian was recently robbed of 9$ Million. The Robbers worked harder for that Money than she ever did. ―Lupxel, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Kindergarten is essentially a yearlong ELI5. ―mhgiantsfan, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Kindergarten teachers are probably the best Capatcha solvers. ―Top_Lagger, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	King Kong was the original Harambe ―paultheonion, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	King of the Hill deserved better than being canceled to make room for The Cleveland Show ―[deleted], Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Kissing is making a tunnel anus to anus ―punken99, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Kleenex should make the last 10 tissues in the box a different color so you know when you're running low. ―nickm78, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Knitting a sweater has to be one of the coolest things to know how to do. You're telling the world that you can tie a knot so elaborate you can wear it as clothing. ―wallyfoo, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Knocking on somebody's door is basically punching their house until they let you in. ―Coleman2201, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Knocking on someone's door is basically punching their house until they let you in. ―My_Sweaty_Thighs, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Knocking on the door of an introvert is like tapping on the glass of a fish tank ―ajcunningham55, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Know Your Meme is slowly becoming a historical document that will be required reading by future civilizations to understand our writings. ―Chouonsoku, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Knowing how to change a tire and jumpstart a dead battery should be part of the test for a drivers license. ―zubaba, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Knowing only the month and day of your death but not the year would be so much worse than knowing the exact date. ―TheDarkArts, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Knowing which of my class mates went on to become police officers, I'm not very surprised that the US has a problem with the police. ―torcsandantlers, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Knowing you sleep 8 hours a day or you spend 1/3 of your life sleeping sounds perfectly normal. But, if you tell me I'm asleep 4 months out of every year, it sounds insane. ―DoNotUpvoteTooMuch, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	LMNOP is like the face melting guitar solo of the ABC song. ―Elderbridge, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	LOL has gone from meaning, "laugh out loud" to "I have nothing else to say". ―tripstyle, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Labels on apples should be edible. ―where_is_the_any_key, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Lance Armstrong would have been an awesome name for a medieval jouster. ―Atheose_Writing, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Landfills are going to intrigue the hell out of archeologists in a couple million years. ―branflakes4547, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Laptop designers need to test their product at 4 am in a dark room half asleep and THEN decide if their brightness setting goes low enough ―didsomebodysaymyname, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Lasik eye surgery is exactly what we were always told not to do with lasers. ―RasputinKvas, May 2016
observations	sfw	Last night I spent 90 minutes reading negative reviews about a 90 minute movie. So glad I didn't waste my time with that flop! ―brady2gronk, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Last night my friend asked to use a USB port to charge his cigarette, but I was using it to charge my book. The future is stupid. ―The_JayMo, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Last week, I was a proud owner of "Star Wars: The Complete Saga" ―tromboner21, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Laugher is the best medicine, but if you're laughing for no apparent reason, you need medicine. ―IHaveNoUsernaemIdeas, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Law and Order is just Scooby Doo for adults. ―VinceDeF, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Lawyer hopes you're in trouble, doctor hopes you're sick, cops hope you're criminal, teacher hopes you're stupid but only a thief wishes you prosperity in life. ―lazytothinkofaname, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Lawyers sue and tailors sew but both end up with suits. ―AssHat014, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Leap Day should be an international holiday where all business is expressly forbidden. Everyone gets a "free day" to spend extra time with loved ones, chase dreams, or try something new. ―IcarusTheSatellite, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Learn to distinguish between a person who talks to you in their free time &amp; a person who frees time to talk to you ―Dr_Edge_ATX, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Learning "Eye of the Tiger" on guitar is the only time you'll have montage music while you're learning something. ―funatronicsblake, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Leaving an extra key under your doormat is like making your password "password" ―[deleted], Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Legally "space" begins 100 kilometres above sea level on Earth, which means we're never more than 100km, give or take a few, from space our entire lives. Many people live closer to space than they do to the ocean, or even their state capital. ―ColbyStein, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Lego should open up Drink n' Build workshop stores exclusively for adults. Pay $20, crack open a few beers, pick out some legos from dozens of huge bins, build something and if you want buy it on your way out (pay by weight). ―JustCrazyIdeas, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Legoland should have an "i promise I'm not a pedophile" day so adults can go and enjoy the park if they don't have kids. ―forshitzngigglez, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Lenny ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) was only typed once, and then has been copy and pasted ever since. ―ArtWithoutMeaning, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Leonardo da Vinci's Vitruvian Man could be perceived as instructions on how to make a snow angel. ―spiritcrusher77, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Lesbian Friends with Benefits should be called Breast Friends ―Hoftrugh, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Lesbian chatrooms are probably filled with men pretending to be lesbians talking to other men pretending to be lesbians ―Epicdemic93, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Lesbian pornography should be called quadruple X instead of triple X, because there are two X chromosomes for each woman. ―afspic, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Let the Bodies Hit the Floor is a more literal version of It's Raining Men ―distortedmatt, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Let's give the top 100 richest people in the world cancer and see how long it takes to be cured. ―kittyonmeth, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Let's name the new planet Pluto, and keep going like nothing happened. ―ChaosHellNewsRadio, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Let's say I'm in a bus full of people. If none of these were born by one reason or another, would I be alone on that bus or would other people take their place? ―DFanatic, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Let's take a moment to appreciate that Mother Nature not only pre-sliced but also pre-wrapped oranges. ―Steel_Ninja, May 2013
observations	sfw	Let's take a moment to appreciate that mother nature not only pre-sliced but also pre-wrapped oranges. ―NakedBeauty38, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Letting Jesus take the wheel doesn't seem like that smart of an idea when you remember he's over 2,000 years old and doesn't have a driver's license. ―SirZiggyStardust, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Letting the two-party system set the criteria for who can debate is like letting Walmart decide the rules for where Target can open new stores. ―redninjatwo, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Letting your date use your phone charger, even though you're at 25%, is the 21st century equivalent of putting your coat over a puddle. ―whattheflark53, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Life Pro Tips is full of solutions to problems I don't have. ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Life begins as a whole bunch of firsts, and slowly, without our knowledge, becomes a whole bunch of lasts ―Hazardic, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Life gets weird when you start to see adults as grown up kids rather than adults ―dethish, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Life has gotten way easier for horses in the last century ―PatAunces, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Life is free to play, and it's also pay to win. ―ben_uk, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Life is free-to-play/open-world/perma-death with unbalanced starting classes and terrible Pay-to-Win mechanics. ―mangodurban, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Life is just a constant battle between wanting a six pack and wanting a six pack. ―NOTW_116, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Life is like a box of chocolates; An emotional woman can destroy one in 5 minutes ―ZeusThunder369, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Life is like coming in to a movie in the middle, having someone explain what happened before you came in, trying to figure out what's going to happen next, but getting kicked out before the movie ends. ―GiggleFats, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Life is the worst videogame ever. Literally everything is DLC. It's pay2win. The devs never update, balance, or fix bugs. There is no reward system, direction, or end-goal. And on top of everything it's permadeath. ―WhenIDecide, May 2016
observations	sfw	Life never really left the water. It just evolved to carry little pools of of it around on land. ―bunnyonalog, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Life on Earth is the cosmic equivalent of what happens when you don't store things in a cool dry place. ―ProKrastiTRON, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Light is hitting your body at 186,000 miles per second and we don't even feel it. ―Protosynthesis, May 2015
observations	sfw	Lighting a candle for each year of your life on a birthday cake and then blowing them out is a weird existentialist ritual that symbolizes how your life will inevitably be extinguished. ―jeremiahsgoat, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Lightswitches/lightbulbs should have two modes, the normal brightness mode and the "i just need to pee, don't blind me" mode. ―talpazz, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Like Pre-school, we should have Post-School. A half year of school for learning day to day skills for life as an adult. ―TheLonerPwnr, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Like my grandparents, one day I'll tell my grandchildren what life was like in the 20's &amp; 30's. ―DoubleGuns, May 2015
observations	sfw	Like the proton or neutron, the crouton literally means "small particle of bread crust" ―bramlet, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Liking a post before it hits the front page is like knowing someone before they get famous. ―tifff420, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Links go purple after you visit them because blue and "read" make purple. ―hillai, May 2014
observations	sfw	Lions can jump 36 feet in one bound and we attribute this fun fact to every single lion. We don't say "humans can dunk" and attribute that to every single human. ―Thunder_catsHO, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Literally everything you have ever done has led to you reading this sentence. ―gavinhaggis, May 2015
observations	sfw	Literally nothing is stopping me from finding all the hunting cameras in the nearby woods and running past each of them at roughly 3 AM on all fours, wearing a pig mask ―wrestles_bears, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Literally the only purpose for the cover of a book is so you can judge the book. ―Dreamlite, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Lithium is the worst name for a heavy metal band ―futt_bucking, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Little Caesar's should offer a 2 for 1 deal on the Ides of March. The slogan should be "Eat 2, Brute." ―manic_lethargy, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Little Caesars should use "Eat two, Brute" as a slogan. ―Dogbirddog, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Loading bars have been stuck on 99% way more than 1% of the time ―DrRichardNygard, May 2016
observations	sfw	Lobsters are mermaids to scorpions. ―rrtaylor, May 2014
observations	sfw	Loner. Live alone. No family or real friends.. If I die while out and about, my dogs will probably starve at home. ―Jacob090, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Looking back, not buying a high school class ring was a really good financial move. ―blackfalcon515, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Looking through your iPod and choosing a song is like saying, "How do I want my air vibrated?" ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Lord Farquaad should have picked Snow White, because having another dwarf around would be anything but abnormal to her. ―duclos015, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Lorde has made millions off a song about how she will never be a millionaire. ―dem_yoga_pants, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Lorde should dress up as Randy Marsh for Halloween, then post a picture on Instagram saying she decided to not wear a costume and dress casual for the night. ―trelobrandi3, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Lorde should have been Randy Marsh for Halloween. ―Cookachoo, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Lorde should name her next album "Have Mercy" ―mefman00, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Losing 200 pounds is a lot better in the US than in England. ―Widesense, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Losing a friend named Molly at a rave would be the most frustrating thing ever ―Roque_au_Fabii, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Losing a sneeze is like blue balls for your nose ―ChiefJ8, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Losing ten pounds in America is a lot better than losing ten pounds in England. ―ProbableWalrus, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Losing ten pounds is great in the US and sucks in the UK. ―Salchonic, May 2016
observations	sfw	Losing your car keys in your house is the adult version of being grounded until you clean. ―lockd0wn, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Lots of rap songs are going to sound really corny once weed is legalized nationally. ―raymiedubbs, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Lucky rabbit's feet come from unlucky rabbits. ―nomecks, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Luis Suarez should do one of those "You're not you when you're hungry" Snickers commercials ―LosPineapples, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Luke Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi are pretty pale for living on a desert planet with two suns. ―NomTesler, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Luke Skywalker turning his targeting computer off and destroying the Death Star was an early example of "No Scoping". ―huntersburroughs, May 2015
observations	sfw	Luke Skywalker was an angry young male from the desert, who was indoctrinated by a religious fringe member, and joined a terror plot to blow up a major military instillation. Luke is a 9/11 pilot... ―Claim_to_Lame, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	MEXICO upside down is WEXICO. ―tensory, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Machines are getting better at Captchas as they get harder. Humans are not. Eventually Captcha will be used to prove you are a machine. ―Pseudoabdul, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Madonna isn't really 'kissing celebrities' for shock value, she's sucking the youth out of younger people to stay alive. ―WHOREMOAANS, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Magneto could totally make Wolverine give him a blowjob and there's nothing Wolverine could do to stop it ―Goblins_and_Ghouls, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Major disappointment for a teen: not being invited to a party. Major disappointment for an adult: being invited to a party. ―Deray22, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Makeup is allowed in beauty pageants yet steroids aren't allowed in sports ―LZsteelerz, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Making Toy Story 4 is like having a going away party. You say bye to every one, leave the house/building and end up forgetting your car keys thus going back inside to get them ―enragedjester, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Making fun of a fat person at the gym is like making fun of a homeless person at a job fair. ―Cosmo_120, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Making fun of overweight people at the gym is like making fun of an alcoholic trying to go to rehab ―Plato43, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Making the " ~ " tilde key the official punctuation used for written sarcasm would prevent a lot of misunderstandings. ―Boolyman, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Male unicorn genitalia should be referred to as "Majesticals". ―Areenix, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Managers should have to get letters of recommendation from the people below them before moving up to a higher position ―HeavyBuckets, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Mankind has gone from tablets to scrolls and now we're scrolling on tablets. ―studmuffin715, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Manslaughter sounds way worse than murder ―Htuesday, May 2016
observations	sfw	Manslaughter sounds way worse than murder. ―LoneWords, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Many animals probably need glasses, but nobody knows it. ―Zaspar99923, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Many of the people who say they would survive in a horror movie would NOT survive. Think of all the times you've heard creaks while home alone and kept browsing the internet like it was nothing. ―Uber-A, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Many of the worlds problems will go unsolved due to lack of funding. Meaning, we are limited not by resources and ability to accomplish, but by a system of currency and worth that is completely man-made. We created our own restriction to success. ―crom8i3, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Many, many future celebrities and world leaders are currently just babies. ―DrClash, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	March 4th is the only date that is a sentence. ―Ihategoldenrods, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	March 4th is the only day of the year that doubles as a command. ―brenswen, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Marijuana activists are the only group of people that actually demand taxes be added onto something they buy. ―PlumbsWithWolves, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Marijuana gets less and less illegal as you smoke it. ―WhatInSe7enHells, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Marijuana isn't the gateway to heroin. It's a roadblock. I'm too happy, lazy, broke, and hungry to wanna try hard drugs. ―Grande_Latte_Enema, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Mario Kart GO would be absolute mayhem ―pm_your_turds, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Mario Kart should have been named Mario Speedwagon. ―AtariGraphics, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Mario is definitely homeless. He wakes up every day wearing the same clothes, runs around in sewers, beats up people for their money, and what does he spend it on? Mushrooms. ―Mustard_sammy, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Mark Hamill plays The Joker, who is in Arkham, and "Arkham" is also in Mark Hamill, the Joker. (M-Arkham-ill) ―[deleted], Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Mark Hamill was destined to voice the Joker because Arkham is part of his name. ―nowrebooting, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Mark Zuckerberg should donate $53 million to one of Taylor Swift's charities and tweet a photo of the check @kanyewest ―CornerCarving, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Marriage is one of the few things where we consider someone an expert if they've only successfully done it once. ―wehappy3, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Marriage is the same as saying "I bet you half my stuff we stay together forever.". ―Old2blue, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Marriage proposals are weird. The proposer gets to take as long as he/she wants to determine whether they want to spend the rest of their life with someone. The proposee is expected to make a split-second decision. ―PRGuyHere, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Mars is currently ruled by a robot. ―TheMeetia, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Mars is the only known planet to be inhabited entirely by robots ―_Bandza, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Mars would have a totally new set of world records. ―AYOPM_ME_DEM_TITTIES, May 2015
observations	sfw	Mars...is populated entirely by robots! ―aaqucnaona, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Marshall Mathers. MM. M and M. Eminem. I am stupid. ―wearebc, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Martin Luther King, Jr., gave his most famous speech so that people of all races could go to school together. To celebrate his life, nobody goes to school at all. ―RobbNotRob, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Marvel and Nickelodeon need to work together to make a live action Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy movie. ―toomanygnome, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Marvel movies make me care about characters I never cared about, DC movies make me not care about characters I used to care about ―dario0807, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Marvel should make a documentary on Stan Lee and have all his characters make cameos ―jstohler, May 2015
observations	sfw	Marvin the Martian was the ref in Space Jam because he's both an alien and a Looney Toon - he's neutral. ―juicefactor, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Marvin the Martian was the ref in space jam because he's both an alien and a looney toon. He's neutral. ―extrasaltyfries, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Mary was the first one who yelled "JESUS!" out of anger. ―arah26, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Master Splinter is the enemy of the Foot Clan because splinters injure feet. ―TheTrueFlexKavana, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Math teachers help the world by creating problems. ―DragonScorch, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Matilda is the G version of Carrie. ―Astrokiwi, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe "Smith" is a common surname because blacksmiths were never forced to serve in combat roles during war time. ―Habbeighty-four, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe "mate" is short for "inmate" and that's why Australians call each other that. ―erickleinetc, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe 'Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?' isn't a show that displays how stupid grown adults can be, but rather, a show that depicts how much useless information we teach grade schoolers that won't be retained or applicable later in life. ―YELLHEAH, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe Adele is in the charts so often because middle-aged women don't know how to torrent ―MrSark980, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe Anti-Vaxxers notice higher trends of mental disabilities in children because they aren't exactly passing along top notch genes to begin with. ―Sick0h, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe Bigfoot discovered shaving a while back and now people just think he's some tall dude when he's on the bus or whatever ―sweetcuppingcakes, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe Flavour Flav wore a clock around his neck so the media couldn't edit his interviews out of order, so the context is preserved. ―jai_kasavin, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe I have an obscure superpower like whenever I sneeze lightning strikes in Pheonix Arizona, but I'll never know. ―Questhook, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe I should start a Science version of Jehova's Witnesses and go door to door teaching people about science. ―RenB79, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe I've always felt pain 100 times worse than everyone else, I'm just unknowingly the world's toughest badass. ―Chwana, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Maybe James Bond's middle name is James and his first and last names are Bond? ―Gaihmit, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe Kim Jong-un just really hates the bodies of water around his country. ―patrickoriley, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe Man created God in his image. ―[deleted], Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe North Korean scientists and engineers aren't incompetent and are actually just sabotaging efforts to increase North Koreas military for the good of the world. ―CastIronHotDog, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe Sean Connery pronounces "S" like "sh" because that's how it's said in his name. ―Sajamba, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe Voldemort's face is flat because he ran into the wrong wall at the train station. ―Ghostkid46714, May 2015
observations	sfw	Maybe a hot chocolate wants to be called beautiful chocolate just one time. ―BundyWA, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe aliens haven't visited us because they live millions of light years away and think there are only dinosaurs on our planet. ―cscottaxp, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe cats are jerks because God gave them the ability to lick their own genitals but gave them a tongue like sandpaper. ―BravoSherpa, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Maybe cats lie on top of keyboards because they think you're tickling and scratching the keyboard's belly and they get jealous ―PastaOfMuppets, May 2015
observations	sfw	Maybe children's medicine tastes so horrible because they don't want kids to OD. ―turtle_pancakes, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe fog is The Matrix having graphics card problems and is turning down the draw distance ―oxwearingsocks, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe ghosts have sheets over them because they're people who died thinking hiding under their sheets would save them ―TheBongoMan, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe if we announce that Buzzfeed's shutting down, Buzzfeed will announce that it's shutting down. ―One_Lurker, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Maybe if we announce that Buzzfeed's shutting down, Buzzfeed will announce that it's shutting down. ―TheAbjectLol, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Maybe if we announce that Buzzfeed's shutting down, Buzzfeed will announce that it's shutting down. ―nhooyr, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe instead of exchanging the Ray Rice jerseys people should just cut the sleeves off. Turn them into wife beaters. ―michie05, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe instead of thinking "if you can't handle me at my worst you don't deserve me at my best", you should think "You were with me at my worst so I want to give you my best." ―crazycatlady42, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe people don't put cats in boxes on the side of the road, they just put out an empty box and all the stray cats in the area just sit in it. ―npag, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe plants are really farming us, giving us oxygen until we eventually expire and turn into mulch which they can consume ―ergotpoisoning, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe really rich and "successful" people tend to be miserable because that feel like they've "beat the game," and now life is just a bunch of side quests. ―Disturbingly_Nice, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Maybe reddit has the 'servers are busy' page pop open every so often to give the impression they are popular ―HELP_imnotwell, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe the best way to discourage teens from doing drugs would be to have the really uncool adults talk about how awesome and fun drugs are. ―Thunder_banger, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe the future 2015 as seen in Back to the Future 2 was a correct representation, but the making of the film series dramatically altered the space time continuum. ―CapnFancyPants, May 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe the original Matrix was so accurate that the machines made the sequels suck to throw us off. ―[deleted], May 2015
observations	sfw	Maybe the placebo effect isn't real and sugar pills are actually very good at treating a variety of conditions. ―non_clever_name, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe the rapture is happening and God is taking the best musicians first for sound check before the party... ―mrsenormonsieur, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe the reason Garfield hates Mondays, is because that's when Jon goes back to work. ―trampabroad, May 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe the reason the WebMD diagnosis of your symptoms is always worst case scenario is to get people to actually go to the doctor instead of just self diagnosing with the internet. ―Engineer_Outside, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Maybe the reason we haven't been visited by anyone from the future is because the human race is wiped out before we develop time travel. ―FATRONNEY, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Maybe the reason we've never met a time-traveler, is that we live in the most boring part of all history. ―Nwsamurai, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe the reason why fundamentalist religious types are always going on about how films and video games are a bad influence is because they're the kind of people who let their lives be dominated by a single book. ―JurassicArc, May 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe the reason why we don't see time travelers is because humans didn't live long enough to build time machines. ―Josh_B98, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe they're the main character because they don't die instead of not dying because they're the main character ―Xaphrine, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe things like breaking mirrors and walking under ladders are just considered bad luck because they're DANGEROUS. ―belbivfreeordie, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Maybe we're the advanced alien race that one day shows up to mess with other peoples' planet. ―ObeseWan, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Maybe zombies moan "brains", not because they like them, but to give us a clue where to strike them in order to end their misery. ―Cptnmikey, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	McAfee Antivirus acts more like a virus than anything else on my computer... ―munkindonuts, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	McDonald's should create a $1, single-patty version of the Big Mac called a Lil Mac. ―Senecatwo, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	McDonald's should use girl scout cookies in its Mcflurry's. It would raise a lot of money for the girl scouts of the USA and taste delicious! ―mintOx, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Me compulsively browsing reddit as soon as I wake up is the equivalent of my dad reading the morning paper ―DannyDuberstein92, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Me not being able to watch "The Interview" is the first real time I've ever directly been affected by North Korea ―Professor_Plop, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Me talking about "my brain" is my brain talking about itself in 3rd person. ―Capstf, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Me trying to kill a fly for five minutes is the equivalent of me being chased down by a killer for ~3 months. ―Tessellated_Turtle, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Medusa is the only female that can turn a guy off and get him rock hard at the same time. ―Real_Justin, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Memes are just public inside jokes. ―jakelikescake, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Men don't become more mature as they age, they become better at hiding how immature they really are. ―viceman99, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Men get compliments so rarely that I have never heard a bloke get complimented about anything except his work, ever. ―Name_And_stuff, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Men get morning wood every morning, but "morning" depends on location..So there has been a massive boner wave going around the earth each day for thousands of years as men wake up every morning ―BillCryTheSadGuy, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Men socialize by insulting each other, but they don’t mean it. Women socialize by complimenting each other, and they don’t mean it either ―javiwankenobi, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Menstruation is essentially like organizing a party without inviting any guests, and then angrily throwing out all the decoration when no one shows up. ―ManhandlingBacteria, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Mentos should print little messages on their mints like "You're Awesome" or "Looking Good", and call them "Complimentos"... ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Mentos should print little messages on their mints like "you're awesome" or "looking good" and call them Complimentos. ―ODzyns, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Menus should include prep times so you can order based on how much time you have to eat. ―tgpo, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Meth cooks need to stop making Meth, and start making that 750$ AIDS pill. ―rickreflex, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Mexicans are stereotyped as both taking all the jobs and doing no work at all. ―BooglesDoogles, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Michael Bay probably *loves* his Galaxy Note 7 ―nomnomnomnomRABIES, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Michael Cera should start a clothing line called TryCeraTops ―IDontHaveAnyChange, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Michael Jackson simultaneously blurred the line between black and white, man and woman, and grown-up and child. ―meatfred, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Michael Phelps has more than enough gold coins to buy a star in Mario Party ―Okay_I_Chuckled, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Michael Phelps is actually pretty slow for an aquatic mammal. ―regulate213, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Micheal Phelps isn't a merman, he's just a pirate, here to take everyone's gold. ―Carpedevus, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Mick Jagger, 72, is having a kid, his 8th, with his 29 year old girlfriend, who is 16 years younger than his oldest child, which is 45. But two moms or two dads is too difficult to explain to a seven year old. ―iamjamieq, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Microsoft should make all previous versions of Windows free, upon release of a new version, to show 100% confidence that the new one is better than any that came before. ―TopHatTIMMAY, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Microsoft would be a horrible name for a brand of condoms. ―Omahahasob, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Microwave ovens need a 'Midnight Snack' button that disables the dings and beeps. ―himejirocks, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Microwaves should count up after the timer ends. So I know how long the item has been cooling. ―brcde, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Microwaves should have a "midnight snack" button that mutes the beep ―rtrench, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Microwaves should have a silent setting. ―reamsofrandomness, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Microwaves should have a stealth mode to disable all alarms and button noises. ―evo_overlord_lite, May 2016
observations	sfw	Middle aged adults say that young people are ruining English by texting, but all of my 18 to 27 year old friends use near perfect grammar. My mom, dad, and grandma abbreviate every word they can. ―MicroCamel, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Middle class probably has the best hygiene, considering they're neither dirt poor nor filthy rich ―Frisheid, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Middle names starting with the letter 'V.' make it seem as if their first and last names are constantly battling each other. ―JakiiB, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Mike Judge should make a Beavis and Butt-head youtube series where they're watching and making fun of youtube videos ―okaybudday, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Mike Rowe could open his own brewery and call it Mike Rowe Brewing. ―speedy621, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Milk is a flavor of chocolate, but chocolate is a flavor of milk ―[deleted], Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Millennials are mocked for getting participation trophies, but Boomers were the ones handing them out. ―hillsfar, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Million dollar idea. Open a coffee shop. Direct traffic there with multiple fake tinder accounts. ―Scottsman90, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Millions of drops of rain pounding on a roof is soothing while a single drop of water dripping from a faucet becomes extremely irritating. ―yawatt, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Millions of people have searched for "pitbull" and then "pitbull dog". ―cryingblackman, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Millions of people who used Ashley Madison are angry right now that their trust was betrayed ―callddit, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Minivans have sliding doors so children don't open them into other cars. ―Catifan, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Minors have less freedom to do legal things, but more freedom to do illegal things ―xNPi, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Mirrors are the most photographed object in the 21st century ―kemdo, May 2016
observations	sfw	Missouri's state motto should be "Missouri loves company.". ―Inconspicuous-_-, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Mitch Hedberg should be the patron saint of this sub reddit. ―Therealeggplant, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Mitch Hedberg was the king of shower thoughts ―algebraicdomination, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Mitch Hedberg would have been the king of Twitter ―awpls, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Mitt Romney is like the villain in season 1 that was defeated by the main hero and is now returned in season 2 as the Antihero on the good guy's team to help defeat the real villain ―UBRS, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Mobile keyboard space bars should have two parts - one part is if you want autocorrect to correct you, and the other part is if you don't want autocorrect to correct you ―tansasciadam, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Moe from The Simpsons is always threatening to kill Bart. Moe is a bartender. A Bart-ender. ―luciferhelidon, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Mom always told me when I got older I would realize I didn't need to drink alcohol to have fun. Now that I am older I realize you don't need to have fun to drink alcohol. ―Ryangonzo, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Mona Lisa was the first Kardashian, famous for nothing. ―KomradeTuniska, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Monday the 13th sounds worse than Friday the 13th ―[deleted], Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Money can't buy happiness, but it can buy MDMA which is pretty much the same thing. ―swalton2992, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Monkeys made it to space before we did without even trying. ―Zambeee, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Monopoly is only made by one company ―OwenOtter, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	More Americans have been dumped by Taylor Swift than have died from Ebola. ―SergeantR, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	More people have visited the International Space Station than my house. ―[deleted], Nov 2015
observations	sfw	More than 60 countries in the world annually celebrate getting rid of the British. ―Deckapuss, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Morgan Freeman's voice sounds even better in his own head. ―tigastyle, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Morticians should tie dead people's shoes together so if there is a zombie apocalypse it would be funny rather than scary. ―Lakester14, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Morticians should tie dead peoples shoelaces together incase there is ever a zombie apocalypse. ―HarryWHU, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Moses had the first tablet with cloud connectivity. ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Mosquitoes are grossly overlooked as a threat during the zombie apocalypse. ―Shemp-Howard, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Mosquitoes are like dirty used needles that can fly. ―CosmosKing98, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Mosquitoes are the original "Why're you hitting yourself?" bully. ―AvengedTurtleFold, May 2015
observations	sfw	Mosquitoes must have balls of steel. If I saw a giant thousands of times bigger than me, I'd be hastily running in the opposite direction, not enthusiastically flying towards it with a jet pack and a syringe. ―Laudaaa, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Most Christians are still waiting for OP to deliver. ―wheeloficeandfire, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Most ELI5 posts could be turned into TIL posts if people did a little research first. ―johnny_appletits, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Most Indians and other Asians in the world of Harry Potter would have a harder time casting spells due to their accents. ―Mrwazztazz, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Most Muslims probably feel no more connection to radical Islam than most Christians do to the Westboro Baptist Church ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Most animals don't recognize their own reflection because their brains aren't complex enough. I wonder if humans have observed something which we cannot comprehend or even know we cannot comprehend because our brains lack that complexity. ―bloodygames, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Most children ( 2-5 yo)can operate intelligent devices like ipads, laptops, smartphones, but somehow they can't understand how to use the toilet. ―StarEventHorizon, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Most guys can probably give a better hand job than most girls ―agentofu, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Most janitors either took the phrase "stay in school" too seriously or not seriously enough ―ORANGES_n_LEMONS, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Most of my adult life has been about solving problems I created for myself between the ages of 16 and 26 ... ―qui_tam_gogh, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Most of my clothes have been to countries that I have not. ―zerophaze, May 2014
observations	sfw	Most of my targeted ads are for things I just recently bought, which seems redundant ―Venerac, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Most of people we see in real life are dressed and most of animals are naked. But in the Internet most of people are naked and most of animals are dressed. ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Most of reddit won't see this ―necessaryevil13, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Most of the Problems in my life are due to two reasons: I act without thinking, Or I think without acting. ―Twigsnapper, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Most of the Spirit halloween stores, open up temporarily in stores that went out of business. They are the spirit of the dead store. ―inServus, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Most of the elderly folk I come across smile a lot and are generally cheerful. I wonder if that's because old age brings happiness, or because the miserable ones died off sooner. ―pitbullcross, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Most of the men and women at the gym are working toward the same goal, The perfect female body. ―Donbishop, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Most of the men and women in a gym are working toward the same goal, the perfect female body. ―Kden133769, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Most of the people that are mad at Colin Kaepernick for not standing during the national anthem are sitting at home on the couch during the anthem ―Lopermania, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Most of the sky is actually below you ―xma-3, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Most of the sky is actually below your feet. ―cya-KH, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Most of the time bleeping out a curse word in a song is the only reason I knew there was a curse word in the song ―imusbbored, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Most of the time when I lie, it is because the truth takes too long to explain. ―oracham, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Most of the time when a pickup line 'works', it was actually just said by a good looking person. ―rjs5, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Most of the time.. When you're crying, nobody notices your tears. Most of the time when you're worried, nobody feels your pain. Most of the time when you're happy, nobody sees your smile. But when you fart just one time... ―ubuntulive, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Most of us will die with a 0:1 KD ratio ―cheesewizz12, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Most options at Taco Bell are the same thing but in different shapes. ―uncletugboat, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Most orchestras are just 1800's cover bands. ―basspl, May 2016
observations	sfw	Most people are buried in suits and stuff so a zombie apocalypse would be a formal event ―discernment, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Most people can eat the same breakfast weeks in a row, without complaint. But the same dinner for weeks? Now, that's just insanity. ―roessera, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Most people can eat the same breakfast, weeks in a row without a complaint. But the same dinner 2 days in a row? That's not allowed. ―Razuto22, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Most people die with a negative K/D. ―Flamery, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Most people don't take offense when you say "the average person is an idiot" because most people think they are above average ―sonofdarth, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Most people drive to work every week with the exact same group of drivers, and they don't even know who those people are. ―Blackjack148, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Most people fantasize about winning the lottery to buy a mansion, fancy cars, etc. I just want to win so I don't have to get up for work tomorrow. ―JordanxHouse, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Most people probably have a great fashion sense but simply aren't wealthy enough to show it. ―the-what-if-girl, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Most people will gladly store their useless junk in their garage, and leave their $20,000 car outside ―cxrlxs, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Most people wouldn't recommend a book unless they read the whole thing...unless you're Christian. ―Commander_Canuck, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Most people's first word of the year is "happy". ―hyperbolicjosine, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Most peoples last word of the year is 'one' ―sampo_4, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Most superheroes are born with their powers or get them through an accident, while most supervillains gain their powers through intelligence or years of hard work. ―L0kiMotion, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Most teenagers pull their phone out of their pocket to check the time. We have reverted to a society that uses pocket watches. ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Most teenagers pull their phones out of their pockets to check the time. We are reverting to the era of pocket watches. ―SirTickleTots, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Most teenagers pull their phones out of their pockets to check the time. We are reverting to the era of pocket watches. ―alex_jo, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Most women who keep their maiden names are just taking the names that their mothers took when they gave up their own maiden names. ―joelman0, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Most women won't date a guy that still lives with his mom, but they will date a guy that still lives with his wife. ―MaddenMan73, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Mothers only get a day but sharks get a whole week. ―jmoney73, May 2014
observations	sfw	Mountain Dew sounds more like a brand of water than a brand of soda ―Tzarxum, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Movember is the worst name for a prostate cancer awareness month - what about Manuary or Brovember? If you're feeling frisky, Cocktober would be a shoe-in. ―osdre, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Movie Theaters sell some the noisiest food you could possibly eat but please, silence your cell phones so as not to disturb others. ―arclathe, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Movie characters kill hundreds of henchmen but think they are too good to kill the main bad guy. ―masonsherer, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Movie makers should be required by law to depict CPR accurately and with correct technique in their films, because movies provide the only impression of CPR that many people ever bother to get. ―tadavagagah11, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Movie theaters should have a headphone jack so I can bring noise cancelling headphones and adjust my own volume. ―CallMeZach, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Movie theaters should hold 'adult only' showings of kid films so I, as a 24yo single male, can enjoy those movies in peace. I would love to see Pixar movies without a bunch of rowdy children in the theater. ―popplenrookie, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Movie theaters should provide an audio jack in each seat, so patrons can use noise cancelling headphones, and they can also be used for dubbed audio for other languages. ―Surly_Asian_Man, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Movies will always break monetary records because of inflation. They should be rated on how many tickets were sold versus how much money was made. ―lispboy, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Mowing the lawn is basically just shaving the Earth's face. ―EggyMean, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	Mr. Crocker from Fairly Odd Parents never gives a lesson, just constant pop quizzes on stuff he never taught. ―Mutant_Llama1, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Mr. Incredible and Elastigirl got really lucky when they named their son Dash as they had no way of knowing he'd have super speed as a superpower. ―Dewut, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Mr. Peanut is an aristocrat who sells dead and dry-roasted members of his own species. ―treebeardismyfather, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Mrs incredible must've had the easiest pregnancy/childbirth. ―DrasticMeat, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Ms. Pac-Man should have been named Pac-Ma'am ―-kunai, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Multiplayer videogames are just really elaborate thumb wrestling matches. ―HerrBongwasser, May 2014
observations	sfw	Mummies are just upper-class zombies. ―das_superbus, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Music is sculpted air pressure ―jim45804, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Muslim extremists are kinda like the three kids who got recess taken away for the whole class. ―jd3302, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	My "type" is a female version of me, but much better. I need to find someone who wants a male version of herself, but much worse! ―[deleted], Aug 2016
observations	sfw	My 102 year old grandmother has lived through 42% of US history. ―ggginasswrld, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	My 18 month daughter has reached the intelligence level of The Sims. She can move around, clap at random things and make garbage sounds but everything else we have to direct her to do. ―positivemark, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	My 2 year old pushes me to think more than any adult simply be replying 'why?' to every answer on any topic. ―mightybeardlord, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	My 5 yo son this morning: "I love the steam from eggs... it's like little souls going up." ―kev_dog27, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	My 6yo, already a hardcore gamer, has learned to associate the word "boss" with something blatantly evil, incredibly powerful and something you must destroy in order to get ahead... ―indicava, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	My Blizzard account has more security than my bank account. ―Coffeechipmunk, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	My Dad got his breaking news from Walter Cronkite. I get mine from someone named /u/showershitters ―bedpan3, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	My Facebook friends are confusing. Last month they were zoo experts, and now they are experts in European diplomacy. ―bovickles, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	My Facebook password is 14 characters with a capitalized letter and two numbers... my bank pin # is 4 digits ―billshakespeare2, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	My Garbage Disposal eats better than 98% of the world. ―_Maui_, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	My Mom says that I'm growing up to be just like my Dad, but they've been divorced for over 25 years... Is she secretly telling me that she hates me? ―My_Pockets_Hurt_, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	My Reddit account is 666 days old today. I guess that makes it my Devil's Food Cake Day ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	sfw	My Reddit goal is to have a friend share a post of mine and not know it was submitted by me. ―TheRetroVideogamers, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	My Steam account is more protected than my bank account. ―Fahrenheit666, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	My Wife is also my ex-girlfriend. ―MikeHoncho43, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	My Xbox Live gamertag is older than some of the people I play with over Xbox Live. ―gmurz, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	My apartment is the entire world to my indoor cat. Going to the vet is like visiting a galactic hub with strange creatures everywhere. ―forks_and_spoons, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	My baby only says "baby". This is the closest I'll ever be to having a Pokemon. ―mazorca86, May 2016
observations	sfw	My balls must think I have a bunch of kids by now. ―jdmousley, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	My being afraid of failure has turned me into a failure. ―Psyche68, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	My biggest fear is that when creating a password I will accidentally type one letter wrong and then do the same thing in the "confirm password" box and I will never be able to sign in to my account ―saarahpops, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	My birth control pill pack is like an advent calendar for my period. ―sv21js, May 2015
observations	sfw	My birthday isn't 3 months before my father's birthday...it's 9 months AFTER! ―gmsc, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	My body has its own version of Newton's law - when I'm awake I want to stay awake and when I'm sleeping I want to keep sleeping. ―dogecorleone, May 2015
observations	sfw	My body is actually a compulsive hoarder who keeps all this fat "just in case I need it later" ―simobk, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	My body probably thinks I'm some super Alpha-Male who eats a lot of high fat foods and "impregnates" women multiple times a day. ―WarOnErrorism, May 2016
observations	sfw	My brain knows how to type without looking at the keyboard yet I can not draw a QWERTY keyboard from memory. ―jseverso42, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	My brain likes to refer to itself in 3rd person. ―_HEY_EARL_, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	My brain seems to think that anyone I find attractive is too good for me and anyone attracted to me must be insane ―AlcoholAndCartoons, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	My car has driven 106000 miles without ever touching another car. ―daninmn, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	My car just texted me to let me know it finished downloading and installing updates, and this sentence would sound like nonsense to someone living as little as five years ago. ―Starsy, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	My car keys have traveled more than my car ―xshareddx, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	My cat has to sniff your hand so he knows who you are before he lets you pet him. I have to log in to my cat. ―FVmike, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	My cat probably thinks I go to the vet everyday since that's the only place he has been that's not home ―l_dont_even_reddit, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	My cats are virgins that never leave the house and make someone else bring them food. My cats are neckbeards. ―SHINX_FUCKER, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	My chemistry textbook is a bunch of atoms trying to explain atoms to me. ―Elmovimiento, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	My chemistry textbook is just atoms trying to explain atoms to me. ―quikslvr223, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	My child will likely never know the reflex when a song ends to automatically 'hear' the next song start playing in his head... some people reading this here probably don't even know what I'm talking about. ―therealfarmerjoe, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	My childhood punishments (going to bed early, not leaving the house, etc) have become goals as an adult. ―saracandy39, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	My city charges $10 for a parking ticket. It's cheaper to park illegally than to pay for parking at a sporting event I attend a couple of times a week. ―fusionman51, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	My clothes have been to countries I have never been to. ―Runningcolt, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	My constant cell phone use probably confuses the hell out of my dog. ―Klanko, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	My contacts list looks more like a museum of people I talked to at some point in my life. ―TequilaTitan, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	My dad bought me a jacket when I was 12 that was way to big. Recently found it buried it the closet and it now fits perfectly. My dad essentially bought me armor that I needed 8 more years of experience to equip ―itsthatkidgreg, May 2016
observations	sfw	My daughter's sad observation last night: "Aww. The sun will never get to see the fireworks." ―Jujutsujoe, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	My dead dads breath is still in the almost deflated kiddie pool in he closet. I wonder how often that happens. ―eagletwentyfox2, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	My debit card pays for things with past hours of my life, and my credit card pays with future hours of my life. ―makeitrayne, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	My dog and I are best friends despite sharing almost no interests. ―gdeadfan, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	My dog gets scared of thunder unless I’m nearby. On some level, he trusts that I can fight off something that can shake our house. ―Davidhallen, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	My dog has never offered to share her food but she still expects me to share my food every time. ―MotherUckingShi, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	My dog has no idea that Whales exist ―bluescholar90, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	My dog has no way of understanding the concept of pizza delivery, so to her it must seem like some stranger shows up every few weeks, gives me pizza, and then leaves ―thaFalkon, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	My dog is 12 years old. I should probably be saying "good man" rather than "good boy." ―BC_Trees, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	My dog is an organic doorbell with only 10% accuracy. ―BrosefMcDude, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	My dog keeps bringing me the same toy. I wonder if that is his favorite toy, or if he thinks it is my favorite toy. ―HoIIabackatcha, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	My dog knows more English than I know Dog. ―findingmeno, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	My dog must think I'm an idiot for having all that urine but only ever marking the one thing in the house. ―Shall-Not-Pass, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	My dog must think the lawnmower is a big loud monstrosity of a beast that I sometimes take for slow boring walks. ―190F1B44, May 2016
observations	sfw	My dog probably thinks I am magical because rooms light up when I enter them. ―[deleted], Aug 2014
observations	sfw	My dog probably thinks that I'm walking around the block alone for 12 hours while I'm at work. ―Drew1231, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	My dog probably thinks that every time I step outside without her, I just walk around the block for hours on end. ―magrippalfcos, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	My dog understand several human words. I don't understand any dog barks. She may be smarter than me. ―autopornbot, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	My dog understand several human words. I don’t understand any dog barks. He may be smarter than me. ―RAYMOND_SCOTT, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	My dog won't fetch balls, only rocks. Now I get excited when I spot a good rock for her, even if she's not w/ me. My dog has been training me to fetch all along... ―Scootch1233, May 2014
observations	sfw	My dogs eat random sidewalk turds, fauna&amp;flora and lick as many unmentionables as possible: and is 100% fine. Yet I feed them a new supermarket brand dog food pellets and they puke all over the kitchen floor. ―crowdata, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	My dogs literally eat better than millions, if not billions of humans. ―Partha23, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	My dream last night had a plot twist. I "created" the plot twist, yet didn't see it coming... ―madezra74, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	My entire life so far has been a sequence of side quests and I've barely touched the main quest at all. No kids, no house, don't drive. Only story mission I've completed so far is having gone to school. ―chazzwazzle, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	My ex was constantly paranoid that one day I would no longer find her attractive. 2 years after I broke up with her, I still think she's hot - It was her personalty I didn't like. ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	My father can't control himself around an open bag of chips. I can't control myself around an open bottle of vodka. My family's weakness is potatoes. ―Kerouacky, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	My father saw the Moon exploration, I will see Mars exploration. I wonder what my kids will see in their lifes. ―backtr4ck, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	My father was a proud dad when he taught me how to write. I was a proud son when I taught my dad how to text. ―Shoelesshobos, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	My fingers are very slowly 3D printing my fingernails. ―nbomber, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	My first instinct when I see an animal is to say "hello", my first instinct when I see a human is to avoid eye contact and hope it goes away ―Narksdog, May 2016
observations	sfw	My first instinct when I see an animal is to say hello. My first instinct when I see a person is to avoid eye contact and hope it goes away. ―handygoat, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	My friend got General Tso's Chicken at a teriyaki restaurant today. He was an American getting Chinese food cooked by Mexicans at a Japanese restaurant owned by Koreans. ―imsorrymilo, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	My friend who's a professional psychic doesn't seem to know that I think her career is bullshit. ―Air_Hellair, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	My genitals have seen less direct sunlight than many deep sea creatures. ―Gawsoo, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	My girlfriend and I broke up on July 5th. I had two independence days back to back. ―PM_ME_UR_ASIAN_BODY, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	My girlfriend and I touch other peoples genitals moreso than we do each others... I'm an Ob/Gyn and she's a urologist. ―Hoptoitmofo, May 2016
observations	sfw	My girlfriend has literally sucked life out of me. ―Scott_Free27, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	My girlfriend used to work in the food service industry. I work in IT. When someone talks about hosts and servers, we think of VERY different things. ―mister_walker, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	My goal in life is to become famous enough to the point where if someone kills me, I'm considered 'assassinated', and not 'murdered'. ―sanji-senpai, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	My goals in life have very good goalies ―Regularoldballoon, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	My grandkids are going to ask the question "you mean cars could just run into each other, and people died all the time in car accidents?" ―tavenger5, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	My grandmother is 93 years old, which means she has been alive for both the production of the Model T Ford, and the use of driverless cars. ―mikesbullseye, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	My greatest fear is that one day I will Google a question, and the only results I find are a bunch of assholes in a forum telling the OP "omg, just Google it". And I'll be trapped in an endless loop. ―raver6, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	My hope is that Deadpool completely breaks the fourth wall, grabs a boom mike, and starts beating the hell out of somebody with it. ―misterorange, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	My imaginary friend has a real friend. ―Elijah6053, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	My job could easily be automated. The only reason it isn’t is because it would cost too much. That means a robot won't even work for my salary ―fingercup, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	My kids are better about turning off lights and closing doors in Minecraft than IRL. ―hechoinmexico, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	My kids don't beg for toys and I realized it's because they never get to see commercials ―tanman1975, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	My kids will insult me by saying I'm older than YouTube ―[deleted], Apr 2015
observations	sfw	My lawn drinks cleaner water than most of the world. ―snatchiw, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	My left hand is kind of like my right hand's disabled twin. ―m8w8disisgr8, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	My legacy to the world will probably be a bunch of comments I left in forums buried forever on the internet. ―Chuntzy, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	My life is composed of a lot of hours that I wish would hurry up, just to get to a couple hours that I wish would last way longer. ―ehmanduh, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	My life is extremely similar to Rihanna's song, just work work work, and the rest of it I can't really understand. ―Duskberserker, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	My life is really like Rihanna's song, "just work work work work work" and the rest of it I can't really understand. ―CertifiedHogFucker, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	My life must be pretty bad if I'm looking forward to the parts where I'm unconscious. ―robotcephalopod, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	My life seems to be going pretty well. After all, I have just as many tour-de-france medals as Lance Armstrong and twice as many testicles. ―EgoTrip26, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	My lips don't touch when I say, "touch" but they do when I say, "separate" ―UsernameNumber6, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	My math teachers always told me that I couldn't carry a calculator around with me every day. They were AMAZINGLY wrong... ―Cantevenhelpit, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	My mental comments as a lurker were so much funnier than my real comments now that I have a Reddit account. ―mynameiskyleok, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	My mom always told me, "Don't talk to strangers online." But that's all I do. ―jswilly12, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	My mom asked me how to screenshot on her iPhone. I laughed and then remembered she taught me how to use a spoon and a toilet. ―OziPerv, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	My mom can talk to strangers on the street with perfect ease but is suspicious of strangers on the internet. I am disturbed by the idea of talking to strangers on the street but have no problem talking to strangers on the internet. ―wrestles_bears, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	My mom doesn't know it but she likes me way better when i'm high. ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	My mom is literally a bodybuilder. ―eLEETEST_H4X02, May 2015
observations	sfw	My mother is the only person on this earth that has ever had the option to legally terminate my existence. ―postymcpostpost, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	My motivation to stop wasting time is to get things out of the way so I can waste more time. ―goshaboobchinskiy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	My oven's lowest setting is 0°C but it doesn't become a fridge. ―Cheriiii, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	My parents are going to think I'm doing drugs when I say, "Going out for a walk". But I'll really just be trying to catch pokemon. What a turn of events ―Petethepet25, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	My parents say that video games are a waste of money , even though they have a cabinet full of expensive plates nobody is ever allowed use . ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	sfw	My parents spent the first 18 years of my life telling me how unique and special I was, then spent the rest of my life telling me I am no different than anyone else and to get a job. ―Chewyman11, May 2016
observations	sfw	My parents taught me not to eat everything you see in nature. The first lesson I will teach my kids is that you don't click on every link you see on the internet. ―MrCookiebuzzer, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	My parents taught me to not talk to strangers online. Now that's pretty much all I do on this website. ―I_Am_Not_Blue, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	My parents told me about rotary phones. I'll tell my kids about pressing a button three times to text a single letter. ―heymanitspikachu, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	My parents were alive to see the fall of the Soviet Union. I'll be alive to see the fall of the European Union ―DoctorWhoAreYouVian, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	My personal email is used 1% for email, 99% for logging into things. ―I_Gets_The_Reference, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	My phone doesn't autocorrect when I'm typing in all caps because it thinks I'm extremely angry and doesn't want to get involved. ―torlad, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	My phone knows how to route me around an accident miles ahead in real time, but still hasn't figured out what the hell I'm doing when I pull off the road into a gas station. ―robinson217, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	My phone should know when I'm about to watch a video I'm not trying to turn down my ring tone volume. ―Serialnarcisist, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	My phone when I'm bored is like my fridge when I'm hungry. ―AlfyDaKid06, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	My phone's response to a low battery is to vibrate, turn the screen on, show a visual warning and chime loudly. This seems counter-productive. ―htid85, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	My pot dealer will front me weed but I can't get approved for a credit card. My credit with my drug dealer is better than it is in real life. ―billemall2390, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	My present self wants me to do my work later, but my future self wants me to do it right now. ―ParadoxWatermelon, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	My professor's whiteboard eraser has absorbed more information about my field of study than I have. ―electric_stew, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	My proof reading skills instantly increase 1000% as soon as I press "send" ―DVMyZone, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	My proofreading abilities improve immeasurably the second I click Send or Submit. ―inthedrink, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	My reddit account is like my social life, neither of them are popular ―reno222, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	My resume is really just a list of things I hope I never have to do again. ―Cauterberri, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	My right elbow has never been touched by my right hand. ―nickpiscool, May 2014
observations	sfw	My six month old daughter has tripled her weight since birth. If this trend continues, by the time she's 10 she'll weigh over 17 billion pounds ―Bumbershot, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	My smoker friends eat less, spend less time sitting at their desks and are in the great outdoors much more than I am. ―RatchettRN, May 2015
observations	sfw	My so-called "action figures" just stand there. ―Propane13, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	My son's enthusiasm for Kylo Ren creeps me out as a father. ―beckywithgoodhare, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	My soulmate and I will likely never meet, since neither of us like leaving the house. ―JackRakkham, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	My standard of living is far greater than that of a king in medieval times. ―CrunchyChristmas, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	My stomach probably thinks I'm an amazing hunter. ―V_gan, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	My therapist and my IT guy likely know an equal amount of embarrassing things about me. ―ireloyal, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	My time at the university was like that moment in Interstellar where they make a small mistake and lose 7 years of their lives ―poushkar, May 2016
observations	sfw	My twenty year high school reunion is coming up and thanks to Facebook I can watch all the girls dropping weight like it's their job. ―ArMcK, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	My two-year-old already assumes anything with a display is touch screen. And by the time he's old enough for me to explain they aren't, they will be. ―Searchlights, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	My way of flirting is looking at the person I'm attracted to and hoping they're braver than I am. ―Kriss_Snow, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	My wife cries her eyes out at the end of every sad movie, but if we watch the news about real life tragedies she doesn't even bat an eyelid ―Yoguls, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	My wife doesn't like it when I introduce her as my "ex-girlfriend". ―CaptainAwesome06, May 2016
observations	sfw	My wife has figured out if she cooks dinner she doesn't have to do dishes. I've figured out that if I do dishes I don't have to cook. ―thundercock88, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	My wife is pregnant with twin boys. Tonight she'll have 3 dicks in her ―spitgriffin, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	My wife is pregnant. With the baby she has 8 limbs. Spiders have 8 limbs. I hate spiders. I hate my wife ―MNOutdoors, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	My wife often repeats herself. I'm starting to wonder if I'm trapped in a video game and I married an NPC. ―Combat_crocs, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	My wife watches so many cop/murder mystery shows that she could probably kill me and get away with it. ―tPTBNL, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Myers Briggs Personality Types are like Zodiac signs for people who think they're too smart to believe in astrology. ―lovesuprayme, May 2016
observations	sfw	Mythbusters is just jackass for nerds. ―SPChef350, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	NASA flawlessly played a 365 million mile hole of disc golf with a billion dollar projectile ―samiam0295, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	NASCAR is just advertisements going around in circles. ―[deleted], Jun 2013
observations	sfw	NBC keeps interrupting my commercial coverage with random snippets of some Olympic ceremony. ―Sporty311, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	NSFW posts actually draw my attention and curiosity rather than deterring me from the post ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Nabisco should sell Oreo cream in a jar as a spread to put on any cookie. ―Jeremy1026, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Naming a dolphin "Flipper" is like naming your kid "Arm" ―Humdrumhum, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Naming new found land Newfoundland is pretty lazy. ―HerpDerpelton, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Naming your cat "Whiskers" is like naming your kid "Eyebrows." ―Jorogasm, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Natasha is "Ah, Satan" backwards. ―xMeta4x, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	National anthems are country music ―domokenshin, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Nature Valley bars make so many crumbs because they want you to eat them outside. ―LawrenceThickweiner, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Nature valley granola bars are probably branded as "outdoorsy" because that's the only place you can eat them without getting CRUMBS ALL OVER THE F***IN CARPET. ―9c9bs, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Neckbeard would be a good name for a famous online software pirate ―McNastee, May 2015
observations	sfw	Necrophilia happened often enough fhat they had to invent a word for it ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Neil A. backwards is "Alien", and he was the first human alien on another celestial body... ―madmacaw, May 2016
observations	sfw	Neil Armstrong (Neil A) is "alien" spelt backwards. ―aescnt, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Neil Armstrong backwards is Gnorts, Mr Alien ―[deleted], Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Neil Armstrong was the first person to land on the moon. "Neil A." backwards is "Alien" ―lil_mayo, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Neil Armstrong was the first person to land on the moon. 'Neil A.' backwards is 'Alien'. ―demonikki, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Neil Patrick Harris has kissed more girls during his time on How I Met Your Mother than I have in my entire lifetime. And he's gay. ―kidknowledge, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Neither the word 'elevator' or 'lift' imply that they also go down. ―Alloutagum, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Netfilx should incorporate a downvote button so I don't have to see the same movies in top picks every time I log in. ―insomniacritic, May 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix and Spotify should team up, so after you're done watching a show/movie you can look up the songs from that episode or movie. ―nickmichaelson, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix asking "Are you still watching___" is like a bar tender saying you've had a little to much to drink. ―thedfrichtel, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Netflix asking if you are still watching the show is a lot like a bartender trying to cut you off while drinking. ―Brenvol, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Netflix is like a refrigerator full of food but with nothing I want to eat. ―rsahk, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix is the most successful anti-piracy program ever intiated. ―Sierraman, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix needs a "I have 30 min before I'll fall asleep and I want to watch something funny" category. ―tcd004, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix needs a "Never show me this again" button ―Madmagican-, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Netflix needs a "This item will be removed in X days" so I can binge watch shows in the right order. ―TheFlyingPigSquadron, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Netflix needs a "Wish List" where I can tell it what I want to see, and get alerted when it's available to stream. ―SenorMcNuggets, May 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix needs a shuffle button for those shows that I don't care which episode I watch. ―jsl3424, May 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix needs a skip theme song button ―Mh1781, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Netflix needs a “I have 30 min before I’ll fall asleep and I want to watch something funny” category. ―Matlock_24, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Netflix needs an "ending soon" feature based on stuff you're in the middle of watching so it doesn't just disappear on you one day. ―probably_not_serious, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix needs an incognito mode so I can watch stupid things and not have similar stuff recommended to me ―the_whalerus, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Netflix needs an incognito mode so that I can watch terrible films without getting recommended more terrible films ―JayNotAtAll, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Netflix needs an incognito mode so that I can watch terrible films without getting recommended more terrible films ―bestjokeev, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Netflix needs an “ending soon” feature based on stuff you’re in the middle of watching so it doesn’t just disappear on you one day. ―Kevin_mark32, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Netflix needs to create a 'leaving soon' queue so that users can watch a film/tv show before it's too late. ―lmeaac, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix really only needs a sports-streaming service and it'll render cable completely useless. ―SBPennywhistle, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix revives shows based on how many streams they get. I can't believe I'm not personally responsible for a Futurama revival already. ―poopedinthechili, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Netflix should allow you to queue episodes from different tv shows, then play them in that order, like a "Thursday Night Lineup" option. ―Spekter5150, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Netflix should call subscribers who just watched "the Ring". ―Assorted_Bits, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix should come out with an "offline queue" where you can download one movie at a time to your device to watch offline during car and plane rides. ―nickynicholson, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Netflix should double as a dating site and be like "here are 9 other singles in your area that watched Suits for the past 11 hours." ―PaperkutRob, May 2014
observations	sfw	Netflix should have a "Watch Together" option that allows you to watch a show with other users ―FireLordOzai, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix should have a "create-a-channel" where you can choose all kinds of shows/episodes that play randomly ―sillyxwabbitx, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Netflix should have a binge watching option that skips the intro if you're intent on spending a weekend watching every single episode of Doctor Who. ―Naa2078, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Netflix should have a rating system that includes, "I hate this, but I want to keep watching it." ―quiche_richards, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Netflix should have a setting to skip the intro music for its TV series' after the first episode viewed in a single sitting. ―CrickRawford, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Netflix should have an "I'm feeling lucky" button that shows a random movie/TV show ―Pm-me-your-pineapple, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Netflix should have an 'On its Way Out' section so you have one last chance to watch TV shows or movies before they get taken down. ―rasta_banana, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix should have an option to skip show intros so you don't have to hear the theme song 23 times while marathoning. ―baardvark, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix should introduce a feature were long-distance couples can watch the same movie at the same time. ―siktha, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix should let you rate titles even if they are unavailable, that way they would know what titles to license next. ―[deleted], Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix should produce a series of workout videos for people to stream at home for free if they're subscribed to Netflix ―Minivann, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Netflix should start a doubling as a dating website. Like, "8 singles in your area have also watched Breaking Bad for 12 straight hours." ―tresdosuno, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Never Gonna Give You Up is probably the most viewed but least watched video of all time. ―Newtonbomb11, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Never have I once clicked on a news article and thought, "Man, I really hope a video starts playing automatically" ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Never in my entire life have I been naked for 24 hours straight. ―ChristopherDanie, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Never in my entire life have I been naked for 24 hours straight... ―SwamiJesus, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Never in my life have I had an ad on YouTube buffer ―Ze_Pierceinator, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Never in the history of calming down has anyone ever calmed down by being told to calm down. ―DeathBlowChunnel, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Never is a shortened version of "not ever"... i feel like I am supposed to have known this... ―razorphone, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Never once have I sent an email from my iPhone and thought, "I should tell this person that I sent this from my iPhone." ―alexandergunther, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Never once in my adult life or as a child have I ever seen someone slip on a banana peel ―se7enx, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Never once in my life have I seen a pop-up add and thought, "I want to give that company my money." ―BillyBobJenkins222, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Never realized how lucky I was until I traveled to a place where you can't drink the tap water. ―fricksquid, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	New Horizons traveled 3 billion miles to Pluto before Tool was able to complete a new album. ―saxman76, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	New York is the most successful sequel ever ―yucacuy, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	New years 2020 will be remembered as the year that everyone's dad bought some of those glasses and spent all night making 'I have 20-20 vision' jokes ―_merf, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Newborns are always crying because any discomfort is literally one of the worst things they have ever experienced. ―TheHowardEffect, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Newly married women who hyphenate their name due to feminist ideals are ensuring that they are named after two men, their husband and their father. ―goodmancharliebrown, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Next time someone invents something important, name it something that rhymes with orange and put poets out of their misery. ―AWeezer, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Next time you're feeling down about something, just think about the kid who got benched so Air Bud could play. ―sour_vv, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Next year, Apple is going to showcase the addition of a 3.5mm jack to iPhones like they invented wired sound. ―fjordfjord, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Nicer restaurants give you napkins that other people have used and cheap restaurants give you brand new ones ―burgerlover69, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Nicholas Cage is Schrödinger's Actor. Both good AND bad until we watch the film. ―EireOfTheNorth, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Nighttime is actually the natural state of the universe, and the only reason we have daytime is because earth just so happens to face a giant star. ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Nikola Tesla is now best known for not being well known ―justhereforhides, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Nintendo just inadvertently created the best "I'm totally not here for a drug deal" excuse ever. ―Cudderlicious, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Nintendo should create a tower defense game where the objective is to keep Princess Peach from getting kidnapped in the first place. ―StarManta, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Nirvana lyrics: 'I feel stupid, and contagious', should be the anthem for the antivaccine movement. ―hulksmashokayiwill, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	No 'how I made a million dollars' books include the author starting their journey to wealth by reading a book about how to make a million dollars. ―Sexymcsexalot, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	No Man's Sky is basically running around planets full of nothing but people's forgotten Spore creatures. ―am_snek, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	No cancer patient ever "loses" their battle with cancer. The worst they can do is a draw because if they die the cancer dies too. ―[deleted], May 2014
observations	sfw	No caterpillar has ever died of old age ―potatoteam, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	No disrespect to Flo, but aren't all guns name your own price tools? ―MantisToboggan_AMA, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	No drug dealer I have ever encountered has offered me a "First One's Free to get you hooked" deal, like my school and parents told me would happen as a kid. Kind of disappointed. ―peppersrus, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	No girls on my Facebook feed have posted pictures of themselves dressed as Harley Quinn for Halloween and I'm pretty sure it's the internet's fault for pre-shaming them. ―giantsquid850, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	No matter how awful I feel, the sound of rain beating against my bedroom window calms my soul. ―jcros830, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	No matter how bad you were hurt, you're eventually going to have to trust a fart again. ―DonkeyTooth, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	No matter how badly you mess up Benedoozle Cumberbombs name, people will still know who you're talking about. ―My_TNT_Antelope, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	No matter how big a number is it is always closer to zero than infinity. ―Wase_Chilson, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	No matter how good I clean my body, I feel filthy until I brush my teeth. ―schaeffer22, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	No matter how many kids are waiting to see Santa, you can't open up another line with a second Santa ―GeekOutHuntsville, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	No matter how much Reddit tries to avoid it, the down vote button is the same as a disagree button. ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	sfw	No matter how much you trust someone, you still make them stand up to prove they aren't sitting on the remote control ―TheSanityInspector, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	No matter how stupid you think your ideas are, remember, there’s a millionaire out there because of pool noodles. ―JOSHUA_MARK15, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	No matter how terribly you abuse your body, it tries it's absolute best to heal and take care of you. ―[deleted], May 2014
observations	sfw	No matter what is being measured, I always picture the size of a gallon as a plastic gallon milk jug. ―Andy_Carl, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	No matter when the world ends, there will be an unlucky kid somewhere just about to get his first blowjob. ―Fionnland, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	No matter where you cut a snake, it will always be decapitated. ―one_white_russian, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	No more puns. ―drumcowski, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	No one ever seems to say, "You win some, you lose some" when you win some. ―Ikrela, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	No one has ever been in an empty room ―BobaFettuccine, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	No one has ever been in an empty room. ―Kden133769, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	No one has successfully murdered me. ―ifurmothronlyknw, May 2016
observations	sfw	No one is surprised the wealthy and powerful evade taxes, everyone is flabbergasted that they actually got caught. ―Rafterman21, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	No one would know if Stephen Hawking's computer became malevolent and started changing what he was saying. ―Yacobski, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	No other generation will know the horror of cleaning a mouse ball roller. ―sawser, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	No two people can ever go to each others' funerals. ―notpiercebrosnan, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	No wonder we have problems. We start each year by dropping the ball. ―Ganon_Cubana, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	No-one has seen me wipe my butt in close to 30 years. What if I'm doing it wrong? ―fartjockey, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	No... Wait a minute, dude, no matter what an egg tastes like, it literally tastes like chicken... ―SeriouslyGravitas, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Noah's ark was the first "bangbus" ―pregabalin, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Nobody ever says, "You win some, you lose some" when something good happens. ―FunkatronicLightning, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Nobody ever sneezes or stutters in a movie unless it's part of their character or beneficial to the plot. ―theslothoverlord, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Non-Vegans will always cater to their Vegan friends, but Vegans won't cater to their omnivorous brethren. ―Smythe28, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Non-smokers get the time smokers get for cigarette breaks at the end of their lives ―kenbez123, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	None of my posts will ever make it to the front page because I don't like lying and all of my truths are uninteresting ―Poogmaster1999, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	None of the billions of decisions you've made in your life did anything to stop you from reading this. ―Nessfull, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	None of us would be here today if our fathers had not masterbated the exact number of times they did before we were conceived ―Spartyon67, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	None of your direct ancestors died a virgin. ―supersynthetic, May 2015
observations	sfw	Normally in Scooby-Doo Shaggy runs side-by-side with Scooby, Great Danes run at 48 kph. Technically, Shaggy is the fastest man alive. ―iRyaaanM, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	North Korea and China are like friends that used to do lots of drugs together, but China has cleaned up a lot and really doesn't know what to do about his still-tweaking friend. ―Yymmeh, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	North Korea is getting really good at 'Boy who cried wolf' diplomacy. The day it actually nukes Seoul, no one will believe it. ―HeroAntagonist, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	North Korea is like the weird kid at school that everyone makes fun of until one day they bring a gun. ―fembot_, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	North Korea will never have an Ebola case, another thing that makes it Best Korea ―bouncehouse45, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Norton AntiVirus is more annoying than actually having a virus ―Queef5, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Not a single list online is important enough for me to deal with if it's a slideshow instead of a scroll list ―BoatsandCotes, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Not all starlight is the same age, some of it is millions or even billions of years apart even though it hits your eye at the same time. So the night sky isn't a single moment in the universe but rather a patchwork of time billions of years in breadth. ―spookypen, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Not calling Karma "cReddits" seems like a real missed opportunity ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Not caring about Star Wars right now is kinda like being Jewish during December. ―BraveLilToaster42, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Not giving a nickname to your Pokemon is like calling your dog by its breed. ―yugugy, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Not hiring someone because they've been unemployed is like not dating someone because they've been single. ―MikeCFord, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Not hiring someone because they’ve been unemployed is like not dating someone because they’ve been single. ―Kevin_mark32, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Not once in my entire life have I seen a handicapped person go in or out of a handicapped stall in a bathroom. ―held818, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Not once in my life have I stepped into somebody's house and thought, "I sure hope I get an apology for 'the mess'." ―AndItsDeepToo, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Not only does 12+1=11+2, but the letters "twelve plus one" rearrange to give you "eleven plus two" ―[deleted], Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Not sure if people stopped saying YOLO or if everyone who said it died. ―austinjmulka, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Not watching episodes of a series on Netflix without my girlfriend is the modern day version of chivalry. ―peterreis, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Nothing compares to the anxiety you have when your mom leaves you in the cashier line at the grocery store to go get more food and doesn't come back in time when its your turn ―flamexdz, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Nothing in the real world is straight. Nothing in the digital word is curved. ―scrupulousness, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Nothing is ever on fire. fire is on things. ―Suspect603, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Nothing is on fire, fire is on things ―GuitarPerson159, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Nothing is on fire, fire is on things ―saltytears24, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Nothing is on fire, fire is on things. ―JoePro1223, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Nothing is worse than the people who say, "I wish they taught us meaningful things in high school like taxes or saving for retirement" Really? You think you were going to pay attention in tax class? ―catapolana, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Nothing makes me sweat more than consciously acknowledging I forgot to put on deodorant. ―SuperSaiyanSandwich, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Nothing makes you feel more emotions in less time than getting your finger stuck in a small hole and being unable to pull it out ―ScoopskyPotatos, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Nothing says "top of the food chain" like squid-ink calamari pasta: you're eating another animal, and seasoning it with its defense mechanism. ―hseidema, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Nothing screws up your Friday like realizing it's Tuesday. ―Kas585, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Now 26, I've realized the first place I look at when I see a woman now is her left ring finger ―archlorddhami, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Now Disney owns Marvel and Star Wars, there's no legal obstacle to a Jedi avenger. ―dartsdude1, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Now Taylor Swift is the one that wears short skirts and high heels instead of t-shirts and sneakers. ―Starsy, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Now Taylor Swift is the one wearing short skirts and high heels instead of t-shirts and sneakers. ―Starsy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Now that "hoverboard" is taken, real hoverboards should be called McFlys. ―infez, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Now that Colorado is spending Marijuana money on bully prevention, drugs have done more for the kids than the war on drugs ever did. ―[deleted], Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Now that I'm 25, I'm finally old enough to play a high schooler on TV. ―which_tab, May 2016
observations	sfw	Now that I'm a parent I realize that my parents always wanted me to go to bed early because they wanted to go to bed early... ―HoppingRaptor, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Now that I'm an adult, if I ever found a portal to Narnia in my closet I would probably start storing things in Narnia. I imagine building a large storage shed on Narnia property. I wonder if zoning would be an issue... ―bmorebeardly, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Now that I'm in college, my curfew is whenever my phone runs out of battery. ―walrusbot, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Now that I'm older I spend a lot of time calling people out on bullshit/stolen posts, and reporting posts that break the rules. I'm turning into the internet version of an old man yelling at kids to get off their lawn. ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Now that I'm older, I have a hard time answering "what do you want for your birthday?". The things I really want are not capable of being gifted. ―padawan117, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Now that I'm older, I realize the joke isn't that Squidward hates his job, but that SpongeBob loves it. ―Brickspace, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Now that I'm older, I'm convinced the characters of Scooby Doo are just chronic pot smokers who trip about monsters for a half hour before realizing it's just the janitor in a mask messing with them. ―machine_fart, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Now that I'm out of highschool, I realized that I only talked to people just because I saw them everyday. ―Lord_Putin_, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Now that The Pirate Bay is based at a .cr domain (Costa Rica), they truly are The Pirates of the Caribbean. ―Meatslinger, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Now that Zuckerberg has pledged $45,000,000,000 to charities, our Facebook 'likes' may end up, after all, having actually cured cancer. ―KirbytheKing, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Now that cellphones are becoming more and more waterproof, pretty soon it will be okay to push people into pools again. ―CornerDealie, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Now that finding food is no longer an issue, humans spend their whole lives doing things to not be bored. ―jlmck4, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Now that pretty much everyone has a digital camera in his pocket, the amount of UFO footage decreased radically. ―bahbuhbah, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Now thats millions of people have ditched cable for services like Netflix, millions of children are going to grow up without being (as) influenced by commercials and the news. It's a social experiment in waiting. ―_Mellex_, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Now we get to call a $20 bill a "Tubby" ―dmitchell12, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Nsfw seems so much more appealing when I am actually in work. ―allybabaa, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Obi-Wan hid Luke on Tatooine because he knew how much his father hated sand. ―oakenday, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Oedipus didn't actually have an Oedipus Complex; he didn't know the woman he was sleeping with was his mother, and he was disgusted when he found out. ―LaunchOurRocket, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Of 7 billion, I am my dog's favorite person on the planet. ―ghrew, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Of Course France Would be the First Country to Actually Have a Fashion Police ―ring_bear, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Of all the animals to make gummy why aren't there gummy jellyfish with sour tentacles ―jt2893, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Of all the bears that could kill me the gummy has come the closest ―ComboverEagle, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Of all the billions of people out there, I am the one who has your attention. ―Wevry, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Of all the bodily functions that could be contagious, thank god it's the yawn. ―MKLV, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Of all the bodily functions that could be contagious, thank goodness it's the yawn. ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Of all the bodily functions that could be contagious, we lucked out with it being just a yawn. ―facederaice, May 2016
observations	sfw	Of all the organs that come in pairs, a second bladder would have been really nice. ―Neuronzap, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Of all the religious fanatics out there, Satanists probably scare me the least. ―slymrspy, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Of all the things that "Tastes like chicken", eggs are ironically not one of them. ―deuceott, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Of all the utensils to eat rice with, how did two sticks win? ―shocktar, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Of course the DEA doesn't want the status of marijuana to change; they would lose their easiest cash cow. ―micwillia, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Of the roughly 7 billion people on this planet, I've managed to capture your attention ―Hot_Shot_McGee, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Oh my God. Arby's. Like R.B.s. Like Roast Beefs ―Grizz359, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Oil is created from the remains of death. We've pumped death out of the ground, powered our society by it, and with the subsequent climate change, that death is slowly killing the society/environment. ―icaaryal, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Old Spice deodorants would make great Hogwarts house names. Wolfthorn, Hawkridge, Foxcrest, Lionpride. ―dothebubbahotep, May 2016
observations	sfw	Old people complain about young people being too loud, but when you ask them a question they say they can't hear you. ―brookshanes, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Old people don't drive slow. Slow drivers live to be old people. ―gelatinous_poot, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Old pirates kept everything for themself. Today's pirates share everything for free. ―idontknowdogs, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Older people used to tell us not to believe everything we see on the internet. Now they take everything on their Facebook feed as pure historical truth, without a second thought. ―Dumpster_Fired_Up, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Olympic teams should be chosen just like jury duty. Receiving a random notification in the mail saying you have four years to train for a random event. ―Daboomslang, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	On /r/Pregnant, OP delivers. ―LukeNukem99, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	On 6/9/69 I will also be 69 years old, it will be a day that goes down in history. ―duststormx, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	On 9/11, I remember how the country came together. 15 years later, I don't think it's been further apart. ―MediocreIntelligence, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	On April Fools Day Tinder should reverse the swipe orientation. ―stuffandthaangs, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	On April Fools Day Tinder should switch the "Like" and "Nope" swipe direction without letting anyone know about it. ―Cheeky_Guy, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	On April Fools Day, Brazzers should make a video where a hot male plumber goes to a sorority house and fixes the toilet and leaves normally ―Aaliyah93, May 2016
observations	sfw	On April Fools Day, Brazzers should make a video where a hot male plumber goes to a sorority house and fixes the toilet and leaves normally ―Jam_Clam, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	On April Fools Day, Brazzers should make a video where a hot male plumber goes to a sorority house and fixes the toilet and leaves normally ―nhooyr, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	On April Fools Day, Pornhub should pop up a notification that says "Successfully shared to Facebook" ―Snowmittromney, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	On April fools pornhub should have a fake notification pop-up saying "successfully shared to Facebook" ―jcam6972, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	On Christmas, Battlefield 1 should have a truce and turn into a soccer game for 24 hours. ―uselessphil, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	On Earth, curiosity drives scientists. On Mars, scientists drive Curiosity. ―MightyThoreau, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	On Facebook users want as many friends as possible so that more people can see their posts, on reddit users want as few friends as possible because one of them might see their posts. ―el_toastradamus, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	On Mars, the Reddit mascot should be a human ―Paasu, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	On May 2, the anniversary of the first Loch Ness Monster sighting, Reddit Gold should be $3.50. ―TeethOrBullets, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	On Reddit you're never sure if you're talking to a world expert in their field or a 15-year-old boy ―The-Potato-Lord, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	On Reddit, it's more risqué to show your face than it is to show your butthole. ―MagnusPI, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	On Reddit, males see other commenters as male until proven female. ―AbortedFrappuccino, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	On Reddit, your credibility is based upon the age of your account, not the age of your person ―anightatthehiphopera, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	On Windows, hitting Ctrl+Alt+Del (or Ctrl+Shift+Esc) is your way of telling a program "I want to speak to your manager". ―anonkehaath, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	On Youtube, the video should be fixed at the top, so you could browse comments/recommendations while watching. ―piktas, May 2015
observations	sfw	On a clear day I can only see about 4 miles to the horizon, but on a clear night I can see millions of light years. ―WhatsAllTheCommotion, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	On a clear day you can see about 4 miles into the horizon, but on a clear night you can see light years away ―a_cool_username_, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	On any given day in a hospital, you can find people having the best day of their life, the worst day of their life, the first day of their life, and the last day of their life all under one roof. ―Turd_Wrangler_Guy, May 2016
observations	sfw	On his return home, Colombus took several Native Americans with him. They should be credited with discovering Europe. ―chris45215, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	On internet people don't want to hear your opinion. They just want to hear you saying their opinion. ―SamwiseGamegeeTheFag, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	On my days off, rather than sleeping past the time I'd normally have to get up, I get much more enjoyment waking up at the same time and just laying around. ―ibjixx1, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	On new years in 2020, instead of wearing those novelty glasses in the shape of the year, people should wear no glasses. ―Titonco, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	On the bright side, selfie sticks are also lightning rods. ―BookerGinger, May 2015
observations	sfw	On the bright side, tanning beds are slowly killing the right people. ―LLAMA_CHASER, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	On the day Arnold Schwarzenegger dies the phrase "Hasta la Vista" will be said more times than any other day in history. ―TOMORROWS-FORECAST, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	On the day we won the Internet, we celebrate by spending hours arguing over the color of a dress ―[deleted], Feb 2015
observations	sfw	On the internet, You are male until proven female. ―MrDoctorDostoyevsky, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	On the series finale of Big Bang Theory, the final scene should have the gang walking into the lobby of the apartment building only to see maintenence men fixing the elevator. ―S0LDIER-X, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Once cell phones became prevalent, water balloons went from being mostly harmless to fairly detrimental. ―Permanentbarker, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Once everybody has a fast 3D printer, sending dicpics is going be a completely different proposition. ―Smartnership, May 2016
observations	sfw	Once marijuana is federally legalized, we'll get to tell our grandkids we survived the Weed Prohibition. ―NotReallyJustin, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Once self-driving cars are legal, we will be able to send our pets to pick up family at the airport. ―AtlasSchwarzenegger, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Once she hits a certain age, calling a female a "big girl" goes from being a compliment to an insult. ―oakleez, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Once time travel is invented it will have always existed. ―narwilliam, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Once weed is legalized across the country Christmas shopping for me and my friends will be so much easier. ―Tedslefthand, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Once you earn the title "oldest person alive", you keep it for the rest of your life. ―invictus_athlete, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Once you find out about reddit, every other time-wasting website seems like it's only there for the people who don't know about reddit yet ―83wonder, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Once you find out about reddit, every other time-wasting website seems like it's only there for the people who don't know about reddit yet ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Once you have a PhD, every meeting you go to becomes a doctor's appointment ―Sland, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	Once you reach the age of 113 you are a teenager again. ―nosoupforhugh, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Once you've read the dictionary, every other book you read is just a remix ―TheGreatestAlive, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	One advantage of being a woman is no one can surprise you with a kid years later and tell you you’re the mom. ―James_linker, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	One day I will unknowingly buy a lifetime supply of bananas. ―kennyulls, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	One day a carton of milk will have the same expiration date I do... ―Sodixm, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	One day an iPhone is going to explode, and Android people are going to be like, "Samsung has had this feature for years". ―krazzzzykarl, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	One day prosthetic limbs will be so advanced that the Paralympics will have better records than the Olympics. ―memyselfandemily, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	One day someone will use "I thought I was still in VR" as a criminal defense ―TurtleInATracksuit, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	One day when google is beaming gigabit bandwidth into our homes, facebook will be providing free internet to the globe, space X will be colonizing our solar system, and apple will still be spending millions to make fancier packaging. ―ToyofGod, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	One day you will close Reddit, and never open it again. ―Tom_And_Jerry, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	One day you'll either wake up and never go back to sleep, or go to sleep and never wake up again ―ihatepepperballs, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	One day, I will be as bad with technology as my parents are and that terrifies me. ―CommieOfLove, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	One day, my grandchildren will light up a joint after dinner. I'll say, "When I was your age, they'd have thrown me in jail for that." They'll laugh and say how silly that is. ―Microthrowaway64, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	One day, my grandkids will think I'm weird for watching so many superhero movies in the same way I think my grandpa is weird for watching so many westerns. ―Jaxel_MS, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	One day, we're going to have to explain to our kids how we wasted our valuable and limited Helium resources on party balloons... ―miyabiz, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	One extra day every four years and of course it's a Monday ―king_hippo77, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	One extra perk of becoming president is that your last name isn't incorrect in spell check anymore ―EndlessRampager, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	One hundred years ago, purchasing imported products from foreign countries used to be considered an expensive luxury. Now purchasing products made in your own country is an expensive luxury…unless you live in China. ―FuneralWolves, May 2016
observations	sfw	One morning I'll wake up,open Reddit and find out my country is at war ―givemefooddragon, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	One of my greatest fears is that someone has written my favorite song, but they're not famous enough for me to hear it. ―Regularoldballoon, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	One of the best things about Reddit is users don't display a profile photo. We can judge people on what they say, not what they look like ―mattbradleydesigns, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	One of the biggest compliments a cook at home can get is "wow tastes like a restaurant"; one of the biggest compliments a restaurant chef can get is "wow tastes like home cooking". ―evilpeter, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	One of the lesser known advantages of owning a cat is that they will alert you if a red dot from a sniper rifle appears on your body by frantically jumping on you. ―First_Redditor_Ever, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	One of the most creepy things we can come up with is a strange creature, standing still some distance away, staring right at us in silence. We do that to animals every day. ―Kabitu, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	One of the most evironmentally friendly things I can do for the planet is not have children. ―Hungry-Panda-Bear, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	One of the most helpless offspring on the planet, the human baby, grows up to be the most dangerous. ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	One of the most tragic aspects of a plane crash is that, presumably, most of the passengers had airline food as their last meal. ―Fionzone, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	One of the most unbelievable things about Sponge Bob is that two fry cooks are home owners. ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	One of the perks of being a woman is that no one can ever surprise you with a kid years later and tell you you're the mom. ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	One thing I'm glad about the year 2016 is that it's easier to correct the mistake of writing 15 to 16 ―ssyssy, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	One's own funeral could be the first time that people say how they feel about you and you'll never hear it ―drjonesenberg, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Only a really bad autobiography would need an "About the Author" section. ―int_inf_min, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Only attending church during Christmas and Easter is the religious equivalent of only watching sports during the playoffs. ―Mr_Bundles, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Only half of escalators escalate ―kazaam84, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Only mortals have told me that it would suck to live forever. ―Mrlmop, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Only one company makes the game Monopoly ―MaddenMan73, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Only people that are organ donors should be allowed to receive organs in the event that they need one. That would be the most fair way, and more people would agree to be the organ donor. ―okiedokiereddit, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Only those on the fence can clearly see both sides ―ausome_saus, May 2016
observations	sfw	Only two days of your life are less than 24 hours long ―ChaotiCait, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Only when reddit is down do I realize the only website I use is reddit ―Interstage, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Oompa Loompas were basically singing slave songs. ―Thisismyfifthtry, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Op can finally get married ―camdeno100, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Opening a door for someone and that person then opening the 2nd inside door for you is the most instantaneous positive karma return. ―ancientmelodies, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Opening your eyes during a prayer is usually frowned upon by religious people, but the only ones who will catch you doing it are the ones that do it themselves. ―SirFwissel, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Orange is the New Black would have been a good name for a Jersey Shore rap album ―when_did_i_grow_up, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Orlando Bloom sounds like a WNBA team. ―zippywalnut, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Our black president lives in gov housing.. ―7870FUNK, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Our blood type should be printed on our drivers license ―knads259, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Our butts can eject solids, liquids, and gasses ―EachBoth, May 2016
observations	sfw	Our diets are comprised of almost all dead stuff. But if something has been dead for too long it's inedible and rotten. Our food has to be the right amount of dead to be edible. ―clyde2003, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Our grandchildren will be able to google the tweets of their grandparents. ―[deleted], Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Our grandchildren will think of gasoline-powered cars the way we think of steam engines ―[deleted], Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Our hair turning gray is like our body running out of ink. ―ObtuseRightTriangle, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Our heart is a muscle that takes a lifetime to get tired. ―Shurebis, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Our preference for large breasts and muscular men is exactly what would happen if aliens were breeding us for milk and meat. ―barneylow, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Our sun is part of a constellation that we are unaware exists ―[deleted], Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Our sun is part of someone else's constellation. ―batmanisntsuper, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Our ultimate goal is to make as many people as sad as possible when we die. ―Sepiac, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Our whole planet could just be an alien's science project that he got a C on. ―Peanutbuttered, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Out of all the graffiti I've seen in my life I've never actually seen someone doing it. ―AltairEgos, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Out of all the sodas I've ever mixed as a kid, I've never had Pepsi and Coke mixed together. ―MrEtherBunny, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Outer space is 50 miles up. Canada is 200 miles north. I'm closer to outer space than I am to Canada. ―_dusklight_, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Over the course of human history, I wonder what alcohol has been more responsible for: births or deaths. ―AndItsDeepToo, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Over the past 10 years, they've been taking away our progress bars and replacing them with "loading circles" that don't tell us any useful information. How did we let this happen ―Inceptagon, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Over the past 39 years I've watched all the Star Wars movies and I just realized that I have no idea why the Rebellion is rebelling other than the fact that the Empire is just a big bunch of assholes. ―bogdogger, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Over the past year I've taken so many "before" pictures of my body while telling myself im going to start working out, I basically just have a slideshow of me getting fatter. ―GodzCock, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Over time, the expression "you sound like a broken record" will lose all of its literal meaning and become just a strange, idiomatic expression ―zeptimius, May 2015
observations	sfw	Overweight people who refuse to buy two tickets should have to sit next to other overweight people who refused as well. ―bicpensandrazors, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	PETA seems like an elaborate ruse by the meat industry to make vegans look like lunatics. ―ladadadas, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Pac-man was trapped in a maze of pill addiction, trying to outrun his demons before his lifestyle caught up to him. ―culturalcalories, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Pacifiers are nipple dildos ―fourthings, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Packs of gum should have 1 stick of a different flavor so you can try different kinds without having to commit to a whole new pack ―seanthemonster, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Pacman was the first survival game with the undead chasing you. ―Grendil13, May 2015
observations	sfw	Pain is nature's way of saying "don't do that". Painkillers are man's way of saying "Watch me" ―superZAKTAN, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Pandas are alive because of pity. ―jameselharris, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Pandora really needs a "No live versions or remixes" option. ―Mick0331, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Pandora should have a *"I like this song but not this version"* button. ―josephalbright1, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Pandora should have a never play this Artist again button. ―Skyfer_the_Youtuber, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Pandora should show you the next song so you can decide if you want to waste a skip or wait it out. ―Dusty_Minge, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Pangaea would be a terrible name for a band; you'd know eventually they'd break up ―joshannon, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Paperclips are just staples with less commitment ―PUCKIN_RIGHT_BOYS, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Parenting a toddler is like being on suicide watch 12 hours a day. If you take your eyes off them for more than a few seconds, they'll find a way to kill themselves. ―District_RE, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Parents are worried about their kids getting drugs in their Halloween candy, but who in their right mind would give away drugs for free? ―cheesecleh, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Parents should start buying their kids manual transmission cars to prevent them from texting. ―ZarquonsFlatTire, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Parents spend the first 20 years scaring their kids into not getting pregnant, and the next 20 wondering why they won't. ―[deleted], Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Parents who are friends with their kids literally made friends ―JoshuaChristmas, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Parking tickets are the opposite of "innocent until proven guilty." You're presumed guilty unless you can go to court and prove your innocence. ―uterus_not_uteryou, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Parkour is the adult version of The Floor is Lava. ―AAPLPi, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Parkour, only the French would create a martial art that was about running away. ―keeplayer109, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Passwords are like secret finger dances. ―imaginarious, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Patience is something you admire in the driver behind you, but not in one ahead ―YouHaveMyBlessings, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Patrick lives "under a rock" and Squidward lives "in his head" ―dvhunt, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Patriotism is a silly idea, everyone would be better off if they pledged their allegiance to Earth. ―ClavicusNitrus, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Patriotism is not about loving your country blindly. It is about accepting its flaws and solving them little by little ―Gerakison, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Paying off your credit card bill is like sending your money back in time. ―safety_jam, May 2016
observations	sfw	Paying with my plastic debit card leaves a "paper trail," but paying with paper currency does not... ―lawr11, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Peacocks are like rave turkeys. ―THcB, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Pearls are found in oysters. Whoever named the line of Tampax 'Pearl' had a hilariously sick sense of humour. ―_bubblebutt, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	People always joke about browsing reddit all day at work, but for the people who work at buzzfeed it probably is their job. ―Firestorm987, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	People are born naked but buried in fancy suits ―agentchaos1996, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	People are easily shelling out $550-$700 on an iPhone, but think $1500 is too expensive for a computer. ―Ilikethebestthing, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	People are more violently opposed to fur than leather because it's safer to harass rich women than motorcycle gangs ―ghostofyourmom, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	People are talking about tragedies the way hipsters talk about bands. "Oh, you're into that trendy tragedy? Whatever. There's this other tragedy I'm into, you probably haven't heard of it..." ―schnebly5, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	People are way more concerned about athletes having to deal with Brazil being unsafe than the millions of people who live there ―orfane, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	People aren't getting dumber - tech is allowing their stupidity to be heard ―hogiewan, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	People argue with me more in my head than they do in real life. ―YourNameIsIrrelevant, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	People at /r/Atheism spend more time thinking about God during their day than most theists. ―azarie, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	People born in 1969 can't use 69 in their username without people thinking they're immature teenagers. ―gufu-, May 2016
observations	sfw	People born in 2016 will probably be alive to see the year 3000 ―helpmeimobama, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	People born on 07/07/07 turned 7 today! ―Cadenze, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	People born on 08/08/08 turn 8 today ―10d1, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	People bring kids to art galleries filled with statues of topless women, but if I walk topless through an art gallery I'll be arrested for obscenity. ―OhHiGCHQ, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	People claim with surprise that Eskimos have 100 words for snow, but ignore that makeup companies have 1000 words for light brown. ―Ganonthegreat, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	People dismiss alien abductions as unrealistic but if we were able to go to a planet with life we totally would take some of those aliens and research them. ―unggnu, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	People don't "try to grow a beard", they just stop preventing themselves from growing a beard ―bwhauf, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	People don't like it when you share your opinion. They only like when you share their opinion. ―FundyM, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	People don't realize just how lucky we are that our forefathers decided to sign the declaration of independence in the middle of the summer. ―holy_halo_man, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	People fight each other to the death over what happens when we die. ―ribbitribbitrabbit, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	People find it ridiculous that an elephant can be scared of a mouse yet so many humans are terrified of insects ―thegypsyslayer, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	People from the North probably walk faster because they want to get out of the cold. People in the South probably walk slower because they don't want to work up a sweat. ―_Z9_, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	People get embarrassed when buying condoms which prevent diseases but are okay with buying cigarettes which cause diseases. ―Neuchh, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	People get very offended when you tell them how to raise their child, unless you wrote a book about it. Then they'll pay you for it. ―awifal, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	People go to cafés to have a stimulant and relax, and to night clubs to have a depressant and go crazy ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	People go to college mostly so they can shower before their jobs instead of after. ―ZombieAlpacaLips, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	People go to jail for not paying taxes and then our taxes pay for them to be in jail ―L21M, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	People in 1995 would be really impressed by our technology today, but people in the 1950's would be really unimpressed because of their idea of the future. ―willj5784, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	People in Christmas movies who don't believe in Santa are always portrayed as jerks, even though they're technically right ―nicklikesstuff, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	People in the future will retire to play video games instead of golf. ―winterbourne, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	People in the middle ages didn't have pizzas, burgers or chips. I wonder what epic future food I will miss out on. ―Dota2TradeAccount, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	People in the year 9999 might claim that the Gregorian Calendar ends there and that Italians predicted that the universe would then end. ―SYLOH, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	People named Frank should say, "let me be frank with you," more often. ―Leocletus, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	People often credit the CIA or MI6 as being the best intelligence agencies, but we likely have never heard of the best intelligence agency ―CameraManShotFirst, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	People often talk about the spike in divorce rates like its a bad thing, but so many people used to stay in miserable or abusive relationships because it wasn't socially acceptable/economically viable ―blooaudio, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	People on death row should choose the endless breadsticks from olive garden as their last meal. ―Calvino97, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	People on the Internet are presumed male until proven otherwise. ―Bubbleny, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	People quickly dismiss scientists when they provide huge amounts of evidence like climate change, but believe eating chocolate helps you lose weight "because scientists of Harvard said so". ―BornInTheRSA, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	People say "R.I.P Inbox", when they really mean - " My inbox has never felt more alive." ―galaxialtourist, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	People say "national healthcare isn't free, you pay for it with your taxes!" but they wouldn't say "Going for a walk isn't free, you pay for those roads and sidewalks with your taxes!" ―kathrynthenotsogreat, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	People say cell phones are ruining youth, but youth are reading more then ever because of them ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	sfw	People say new cars are horrible investments, that they drop in value the minute you drive off of the lot. My college textbooks dropped 90% in value as soon as I opened them. ―regionalfirm, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	People say suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem, but for Buddhists it's the opposite. ―gtkarber, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	People say that playing violent videogames will turn you into a violent person. I've been playing sports videogames for some time and I'm still not an athletic person. ―Psychii_, May 2016
observations	sfw	People say they slept like a baby as if it's a good thing. Waking up screaming every two hours doesn't sound that restful to me. ―trivialpursuits, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	People that say "I don't care about mass surveillance, I'm not doing anything wrong" don't realize that the people surveying you can change what is considered 'wrong' based on their own interests. ―CombTheDessert, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	People that think Eve was made from Adam's rib and are against stem cells don't really understand what's going on. ―stevemiles1234, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	People these days require more computing power to sit on the toilet than astronauts did to get to the moon. ―badf1nger, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	People think I'm the quiet, mysterious type but then they get to know me and realize I'm just boring ―ProSwitz, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	People think it's crazy that an elephant can be scared by a mouse, but so many people are scared of insects. ―Ticklemetenderly, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	People think we can make contact with aliens, but fail to realize we can’t even communicate with other species here on earth. ―Stephen_Harold, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	People thinks it's crazy that an elephant can be scared by a mouse, but so many people are scared of insects. ―TheUsernameOfDoom, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	People use "like a boss" to signify something done well, but all the bosses I've worked for have been idiots. ―delanger, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	People use brown paper bags to hide the fact that they're drinking alcohol even tho nobody uses them to drink soft drinks. ―pipi55, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	People used the cigarette lighter socket to light cigarettes, but now they use it to charge cigarettes. ―Kirryu, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	People used to be fat because they could afford good food, now they're fat because they can't afford good food ―Notmyname4, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	People used to keep diaries, and get mad when anyone read them. Now we post stuff online, and get mad when people DON'T read it. ―TheOneTrueCripple, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	People used to save the newspapers from the day their baby was born. By the time I have mine, I'll probably screenshot the front page of reddit. ―kaj131, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	People who abstain until marriage because of the Bible are cockblocked by some dudes from 3000 years ago ―zfrye0, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	People who actually have Celiac disease must be grateful for all the fakers... they now have 10x more products to choose from ―emzmurcko, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	People who are goodlooking but have terrible personalities are basically real life click baits ―Wyndmusic, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	People who are just now discovering Reddit must be really confused ―TrueBlue41, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	People who ask easily-Googled questions are looking for interaction, not answers. ―shorty_cant_surf, May 2016
observations	sfw	People who ask late-sleepers what time they woke up aren't actually interested in the answer. They just want to feel superior for choosing to sleep at a more convention time. ―NoSpicyFood, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	People who believe in those "forward or you will die, etc" chain mails, actually send misfortune and death to their "beloved ones" (even their own children) to save themselves. ―EmiliaAllerton, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	People who buy $60 games are the beta-testers for those of us who buy $10 games. ―[deleted], Jun 2014
observations	sfw	People who buy the iPhone 7 won't be able to catch it mid-air when they drop it by holding the earphones cable. ―jukeRICE, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	People who chew with their mouths open have literally no idea that there are people who daydream about brutally murdering them whenever they eat in public. ―actually_crazy_irl, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	People who cook at home try to make their food taste like a professional made it, while restaurant chefs try to make their food taste homemade. ―astrophillo, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	People who decide not to have kids probably are the ones who should ―Countlesshrs, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	People who don't put their dumbbells back on the rack are choosing not to lift weights at the only time it is expected of them. ―Hardtopickaname, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	People who don't sleep enough die sooner. People who do, sleep through that extra time. ―Kunikaz, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	People who don't use their blinkers must be horrible in relationships because they can't even communicate a simple thought with a light. ―NW_Green, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	People who get quotes tattooed should add a footnote and get the source tattooed on their feet. ―sirwobblz, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	People who have Celiac disease must be super grateful for all the hipsters that only pretend to be gluten free, because their food options have expanded rapidly over the last few years ―FlackJacket, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	People who have actually served in the military don't generally tend to associate the term "military-grade" with premium quality ―BrawndoTTM, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	People who know what 'Ingest' means probably wouldn't eat shampoo in the first place ―JeffSergeant, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	People who live in glass houses shouldn't. ―fireforfear, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	People who said "Even Harper Lee will release a sequel before George R. R. Martin" were actually right. ―bin161, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	People who say "Don't tell me what to do" are hypocrites ―TheHamgurgler, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	People who say "If you can't love yourself, then nobody can" are indirectly saying "Nobody loves you" to people with low self-esteem ―FresherTyp, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	People who say "Trump only says what everyone is thinking" actually believe everyone thinks those things. ―MozeeToby, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	People who say "money doesn't buy happiness" have probably never had to check their bank account before buying things like gas. ―vault_dweller1031, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	People who say that 'Wikipedia can be edited by anyone to say anything' would be greatly disappointed if they attempted to do so ―jarghon, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	People who say they can't cook are basically confessing that they can't follow instructions. ―frecklesandgegs, Mar 2013
observations	sfw	People who skip church to watch football probably do more praying than they would have in church anyway. ―gbrenneriv, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	People who tell you "don't tell me what to do" are hypocrites. ―KusMaster, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	People who try to stop you on the street to sell stuff are the real world equivalent of online pop-ups ―Leroin, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	People who turn 47 today have a birth date of 2/4/68. ―BarryMFBurton, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	People who use Imgur but not Reddit ("Imgurians") are like rat people who live in the sewer and insist that it is far better than the city above. ―ggez247, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	People who were in their 70's when Neil Armstrong stepped on the moon grew up with trains and horses as transportation. ―rainman18, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	People who've read all the Game of Thrones books are better at keeping secrets then most governments. ―the3rdck, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	People with gluten intolerances should say "this is the worst thing since sliced bread." ―PlatoXX13, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	People would laugh at the idea of watching an 8 hour movie but have no problem binge-watching a Netflix series that long. ―JoeyZasaa, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	People would quit doing most of the dumb stuff with their bodies if they had HP bar they could see like in video games. ―Tommy_Andretti, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Perception of the Bible or Koran is a mirror of one's own mind. It will tell a good person to do good, an insane person to kill and an ignorant person to discriminate. ―YOUEFFOHH, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Perhaps jokes that humans find funny and jokes that crickets find funny are mutually exclusive. ―thereimerseffect, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Peter Dinklage is a White Dwarf Star ―enkotei, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Peter Dinklage is a star. A white dwarf, to be more accurate. ―Panyeman, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Peter Dinklage is literally a white dwarf star. ―sangbum60090, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Peter Parker made a living selling his selfies to the local newspaper. ―kerwin144, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Peter Parker/Spiderman makes a living selling his selfies. ―emoo141, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Peter Quill, Star Lord, and Owen Grady, Raptor Trainer, Both Sound like characters Andy Dwyer would create for himself ―Judeunduli, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Pets are better than children. They eat less, they don't ask for money, and if they get pregnant, you can sell their babies. ―Loudsilences, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Pewdiepie is the highest paid and most popular babysitter in the world. ―TheEpicEpileptic, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Peyton Manning is the first QB to win a Super Bowl with a baby horse team and also a grown up horse team ―Fixthe-Fernback, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Pharrell Williams and Will Ferrell have reverse names ―BurtMacklin23, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Phone numbers in movies should be real numbers that just play commercials for upcoming movies by the same studio ―BedWedOrBehead, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Phones should have a "Drive Mode" feature that will automatically respond to messages with "I'm driving" ―Haberschmack, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Phones should have a guest mode like computers you can switch to if someone needs to use your phone. ―Kinnakeet, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Phonetic isn't spelt phonetically, there is no anagram for anagram, there isn't another word for thesaurus and ironically most people do not understand irony. ―lukeyflukey, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Physics is an attempt to reverse-engineer the source code of our existence. ―ProfessorCon, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Pi is the embodiment of the circle, yet is also the farthest possible thing from a round number. ―[deleted], Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Pick-up artists and garbage men should switch names ―youcancallmealsdkf, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Piglet was best friends with a tiger and a bear. His anxiety disorders were completely justified. ―everybodypantsnow12, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Pilots sound the way doctors write ―Horseahead, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Pimp my Ride should do a "where are they now" episode ―wallydee, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Pimp my ride was the weirdest charity program in history ―mrpricklefingers, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	PirateBay has the best CyberMonday and BlackFriday deals on video and gaming. ―Conorstevey, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Pixar's Cars is literally a car toon ―jammesor, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Pizza crust is an edible plate to keep your meat and vegetables on. ―Tunnelofpain, May 2014
observations	sfw	Pizza delivery cars should operate like ice cream trucks and have spare pizzas you can purchase on the spot ―rojojoftw, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Pizza delivery drivers should also operate like ice cream trucks and carry around spare pizzas with typical toppings. So when you see one drive through your neighborhood and you get a craving, you could just buy a hot pizza off them right then. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Pizza delivery drivers should drive around with a bunch of warm pizzas and we should be able to flag them down like a taxi to buy a pizza ―snortingking, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Pizza is a pie chart that updates in real time showing how much pizza you have left. ―vickrose, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Pizza is always a pie chart about how much pizza is left. ―ShmimonC, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Pizza is eaten from the inside out. ―ischultz876, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Pizza is the 'Vitruvian Man' of foods. It is shaped like a circle, is cut into triangles, and is enclosed within a square. ―FoxyFoxMulder, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Pizza is the most convenient food ever until you consider the box wont fit in your trashcan. ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Pizza should have poison in the sauce and the antidote in the crust to kill off those weird people that don't eat the crust. ―Aks1993, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Pizzas are eaten from the center outwards. Weird. ―NomadicWisdom, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Placing an ad before a youtube video I like to watch is the safest way to make me dislike a product. ―astralcalculus, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Plagiarism is when you get in trouble for something you didn't even do. ―Thenick92, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Plague Inc. Is an example of how bad the Olympics in Rio could be. ―xGrimtoothx, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Plastic bags are the city version of tumbleweed. ―ProphePsyed, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Plastic dinosaurs are made from oil... which is made from fossils of real dinosaurs ―DeviousLittleCupcake, May 2013
observations	sfw	Please don't create a twitter account that tweets these posts, we don't want this sub to get flooded with teenagers. ―Enjoiiiii, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	Pluto wasn't even a planet for a full year on pluto ―TheHamgurgler, May 2016
observations	sfw	Pockets are probably the most underrated invention ever. ―FatGuyW, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Pokeman Go is the greatest thing to happen to America's knowledge of the metric system since drugs. ―Skwerilleee, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Pokemon Go will be forever marked in history as the day US children finally started going outside again, and most college aged people as well for that matter ―pax1, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Pokemon is basically cockfighting for kids. ―muhahah, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	PokemonGo lasted as long as someone using a new gym membership. ―honeycakes, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Pokémon GO is just geocaching reinvented. ―ButterUpDaBooty, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Police dog is K-9 (canine). If cats were trained they would be K-10 (kitten) ―Crakit, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Police officers should wear red and blue light up shoes for when they chase people on foot. ―Hamhoos, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Police should wear red and blue light up shoes for when they have to chase someone on foot. ―InukChinook, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Police sirens should be illegal on the radio ―Rick_Flames, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Politicians should have to wear the logos of companies / interest groups that they get money from on their suits like NASCAR drivers. ―NudeTayneMNW, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Pollen is essentially plant sperm. Therefore, this makes hay fever an STD. Since no one voluntarily takes in pollen, I've concluded that we're all getting raped by trees. ―clusterfuck_of_frogs, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Polo referees should ride Zebras ―BrandtHasToPay100, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Pooping while at work is the opposite of an unpaid lunch break. ―onefoot_fourgarretts, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Poor people go missing, rich people get kidnapped. ―ItsDeathBySnuSnu, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Poor science education is one of the most dangerous things. It gives people just enough information to think they understand stuff but not enough to realise how very little they actually know. ―The-Potato-Lord, May 2016
observations	sfw	Pop-stars aren't really artists, they are just instruments for producers. ―jaysteven1337, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	PornHub on mobile should have a "one-handed" mode. ―KittenTeam10, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	PornHub should create an ad campaign spinoff similar to Snickers. "You're not you when you're horny" ―gr8v8m8, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Pornhub has better category refinement then Netflix ―nah_thataintme, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Pornhub should have a memories app like Facebook ―vanghelion, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Pornhub should make a video where a old guy "falls into" an 18 year old girl ―khumps, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Pornhub should make their app a fake calculator that only opens the real thing if you type in 80085 ―UBahn1, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Pornhub's background is dark so that it doesn't hurt your eyes when you are browsing with the lights off. ―askmypen, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Pornography is the only profession where amateur products can be in higher demand than professional ones. ―Unidan, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Pornos should have a timer at the bottom that tells how much is left of that angle. ―MickPlanning, May 2015
observations	sfw	Pornstars who don't want to be discovered should get fake tattoos for plausible deniability. ―forsleepssake, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Posting on Reddit is a lot like having a conversation with my Father. No matter how good an idea it is, something will always be found wrong with it. ―danholden4006, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Potholes should be called assholes because of the asphalt ―thanksbruv, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Pouring something is just controlled spilling. ―Freeza1, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	Poverty is like a migraine. People assume it's like any other headache, so they tell you to just "power through it" but don't realize how debilitating it is. ―Fungus_Schmungus, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Powerball odds are about 1 in 290,000,000. The odds that you beat out all the other sperm cells to fertilize your mothers egg is about 1 in 250,000,000. All of us have already won the powerball by simply existing. ―mathguy8288, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Preferring Reddit over Facebook means you prefer the interests of strangers to that of your friends... ―El_Lasto_Starfighter, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Pregnancy is a sexually transmitted disease, caused by an agressive single-celled microorganism, feeding upon the host and causing rapid cell-growth ―chrowbech, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Pregnant women are real life spawn points. ―chrismo1233, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Prejudice is one of the most stupid things on earth because there are so many perfectly good reasons to dislike people on an individual basis. ―Metopholus, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Pressing on your feet relieves the pain from pressing on your feet ―LaticustheThylacine, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Pretty much all religious paintings are fanart of the holy text ―Randomthoughtidea, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Preventing childhood obesity is as easy as taking candy from a baby ―Lotr29, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Preventing childhood obesity is as easy as taking candy from a baby. ―elliottblackwood, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Pringles should have a twister at the bottom like deodorant to bring the chips closer to their destination. ―RIPproductivity, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Private school is pay to win IRL. ―Niall762, May 2016
observations	sfw	Procrastinating is just enjoying all the side quests in life whilst you delay the main quest story mission ―arthurmauk, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Procrastination has taught me how to do 30 minutes of work in 8 hours and 8 hours of work in 30 minutes. ―zouyf, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Procrastinators are able to do 30 minutes of work in 8 hours and 8 hours of work in the 30 minutes before it’s due ―weegee13, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Profanity has become so common in my vocabulary that I now express my outrage by refraining from using it ―AbbaZaba16, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Professional soccer isn't mainstream in the US is because the continuous clock doesn't allow for much commercial time, effectively preventing advertising by corporations. ―theTutorial, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Professors always say "don't copy stuff off the internet," but now that I can Google all my assignments, I can see they're just copying the questions and problem sets that other professors wrote and almost never source their work ―SnakeLee, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Programming is just witchcraft with technology ―StupidQuestions4You, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Prostitution in England could be codenamed "pound-for-pound". ―craftybutcher, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Psy's "Gangam Style" has been watched on Youtube 2,281,389,041 times. This is the equivalent of 18,000+ YEARS lost from the collective human species because of Psy. ―bisepost, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Puberty is like a forced free upgrade for humans ―meurl, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Public bathrooms should have background music playing so you don't have to sit in silence listening to EVERYTHING happening in the stalls next to you. ―Halfsane1, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Public restrooms should put whiteboards in the stalls to discourage permanent graffiti and give people something to do while they do their business. ―Talvanen, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Public school is doing a great job of preparing kids for real life by showing them what it's like to work for a poorly managed company. ―trickyshiksa, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Publish a "Where's Waldo" book that doesn't have any Waldos' and sell it as a gag gift. ―Dibzz, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Pulled hamstrings sound delicious if you don't know what they are. ―ozconsoul, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Pulling out an earbud when someone enters the room is the 21st century's ultimate sign of respect. ―Prettyprettyyygood, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Pun intended is a pun on the word unintended!! ―theomnipotent1, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	Punishing students who skip school with suspension makes no sense ―willy_glove, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Puns are "inside jokes" for entire languages. ―LFBR, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Putting "Pick up girls" in my calendar as a 35 year old father has a completely different meaning than it did 15 years ago. ―Viking042900, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Putting "www." in a web address is like putting "Planet Earth" on a piece of mail ―blurplethenurple, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Putting a case on your phone after its cracked is like putting a condom on your kid's head ―[deleted], Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Putting death row inmates on suicide watch is economically irresponsible. ―McPoyal, May 2016
observations	sfw	Putting soymilk into coffee is putting beanwater into a different kind of beanwater. ―blackredgoldcat, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Putting your phone in Airplane Mode sounds way cooler than it is. ―trouble_brewing, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Queen Elizabeth II has been alive since the height of the British Empire and has spent roughly 78% of her life watching it decline ―Turnoverr, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Queue is just Q with 4 letters silently waiting their turn. ―cpu5555, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Quitting a job because you aren't being paid enough should be called a Wage Quit ―whatthebitchsaw, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Quitting smoking is like getting paid not to smoke. ―ur_invalid, May 2015
observations	sfw	R/Creepy should continue to show up on your front page even after you unsubscribe ―littlemissstick, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Racism must be confusing to blind people. ―gav1230, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Raisins are nothing but grape jerky ―kaboomkyle, May 2014
observations	sfw	Randomly Hearing your favorite song on the radio is more satisfying than playing it directly from your ipod. ―rekdrektm9, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Rap is all about poor people bragging about being rich, while country is rich people bragging about being poor. ―BadElement, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Rap is to poetry as graffiti is to calligraphy. ―VYshouldhavewon, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Rap songs that reference dollar values won't adjust for inflation and the references will sound cheaper over time. ―sagrr, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Rappers come in two sizes, big and lil. ―masauce, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Rappers only ever talk about being extremely poor or obscenely rich. There are no "middle class" rappers. ―Br0metheus, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Rappers who brag about how much money they earn in their songs, will eventually sound really silly because of the effect of inflation. ―NukeyTanky, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Read rhymes with lead and read rhymes with lead, but read doesn't rhyme with lead and read doesn't rhyme with lead. ―Deepsea225, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Reading a book is interpretting ink stains on shreds of a dead tree and hallucinating about it. ―3lihu, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Reading is just staring at a dead piece of wood for hours and hallucinating ―IgnUnbeknownst, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Reading is just staring at marked slices of wood for hours while hallucinating vividly. ―Mihkelp1, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Reality has made The Onion almost obsolete these past few months ―ExpOriental, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Reckless driving is a bad thing. Wreckless driving is a good thing ―Jalapeno_milkshake, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	Reckless driving is bad, and wreckless driving is good. ―dombonnomie, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Reckless driving means you're a bad driver. Meanwhile wreckless driving means you're a great driver. ―haloshade, May 2016
observations	sfw	Red Bull and KFC should do a combo deal where if you buy a case of Red Bull, you get chicken wings for free. ―ur_mum_was_a_hamster, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Red Bull should have a prize giveaway named "Red Bull gives you things." ―roooooob, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Red Bull should team up with Buffalo Wild Wings where if you buy a 4 pack of Red Bull, you get 4 free wings. Literally: "Red Bull gives you wings." ―JakeCameraAction, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Redbox should team up with pizza shops so that we can get a movie delivered with our pizza ―Nohbdysays, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Reddit Is a place where 1% of the users hold 99% of the karma that can't understand why 1% of people hold most of the wealth. ―Hadrianunlimited, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit and 'Whose Line Is It Anyway?' should have the same slogan: "Where everything is made up and the points don't matter" ―Zach_Morris_Phone, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit can rename the "share" button to "spreddit", "delete" button to "shreddit" and karma to "creddit". Yet it has not. I don't geddit. ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit cares more about Leonardo's Oscar than Leonardo does. ―ProfessorReds, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit comments seem smart and intelligent, until it is a subject I'm knowledgeable in. ―notsteveo, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit contains things I care about from people I don't care about. Facebook contains things I don't care about from people I care about. ―Team2342hp, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit has become my morning newspaper ―Krookz_, May 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit has had 13 million users and by now a thread has to have happened where a commenter, has in fact, banged OP's mom. ―frizzaks, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit has made me realize how unoriginal my thoughts truly are ―What-The-Pho, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit has made my attention span so short I rarely read articles, I just check the comments to see if the titles are true, false, or misleading. ―PMacLCA, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit has taught me that my thoughts are unoriginal and I'm not nearly as funny as I think I am. ―MediocreManX, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit humor is having inside jokes with strangers. ―bad_memory_bot, May 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is Hotel California. ―LivesForTheSecrets, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Reddit is a bunch of strangers doing posts and discussions you wish your friends did on facebook. ―Oddsball, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Reddit is a classroom that rewards the class clowns as much as the smart kids ―CamImmaculate, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is a lot like "Who's Line Is It Anyways?" because quick wit comes in handy, and also because the points don't matter. ―ROWDY_RODDY_PEEEPER, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Reddit is a lot like high school.. I sit at home thinking of clever things to say so people think I'm cool ―Dinomight3, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Reddit is a lot like scientology. Batshit crazy, hard to leave, and every now and again a celebrity shows up. ―nathanmcc1, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is a social network for people who hate social networks. ―patkndy, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit is both a place of extreme beauty, generosity and wonder while also being a forum for grotesque filth, depraved thoughts and pornography. It is a perfect representation of humanity. ―MrMallow, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Reddit is cable TV now. There isn't anything good on but I still flip through constantly hoping for something decently entertaining. ―angryherbalist, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit is just like my real life: I'm just sitting around listening in on people's conversations, too afraid to say anything. ―happytobelonely, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit is just like your fridge: you keep going back to it every 30 seconds when you're bored. ―Sullivanm01, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit is kind of like high school, there are all these cliques and jokes that I don't understand and I'm still not popular. ―ImportGuy, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is kinda like preschool because if you write a good comment, you get a gold star ―thomasklau, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Reddit is like Facebook if all your friends were interesting. ―sanc0153, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit is like a drug. It was exciting and fun at the start, now I just do it because it feels normal. ―Magstem, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is like a friend that you think is really funny at first until you realize that they just repeat the same jokes over and over again. ―HumanOfTheYear2013, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is like a giant support group for people who are bored. ―w_w_coach_taylor_do, May 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is like fallout 4 you wander in a vast wasteland and occasionally find useful junk. ―Mutants_4_nukes, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is like my fridge. After the fifth time opening it I know everything that's in there, but I keep finding myself opening it in the hopes of something new. ―agwiz31, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is like reverse high school. The nerds are all cool and the girls are made fun of non stop. ―SloanethePornGal, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is like the back of the classroom in high school. You can barely hear the serious conversation the OP tried to start because the top comments are all in-jokes. ―thmnwthtvwls, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is like the fridge: you keep checking back until your standards drop low enough to just take what's there. ―HolmatKingOfStorms, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit is like the group of cool kids that are always up to speed with what's trending, all hang out together, and laugh at their inside jokes and I'm the guy who tags along and tries to get into the group but fails everytime. ―ThereW0LF, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit is like the perfect hangout for introverts because I'm in on all the jokes and nobody makes fun of me for not talking. ―chewbakaflocka-flame, May 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is only one site, but when it's down it feels like the Internet is broken. ―Nulono, May 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is social media for people who think they're too good for social media. ―timbojj, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is the only place in the world where I can get an informative, thoughtful point of view from someone named PM_ME_UR_TITS ―Left-handed, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit is the only place where I read the comments on a news article instead of reading the article. ―PetNature, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is the only place where I'm more likely to read the comments then the actual content. ―Hepheastus, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit is the only place where I've learnt to not trust the article headlines and instead expect a stranger in the comments to tell me the truth ―TurkeyTurrds, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is the only place where I've learnt to not trust the article headlines and instead expect a stranger in the comments to tell me the truth ―chongchong234, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit is the only place where people trust the historical knowledge of someone who calls themselves something like I_DRINK_DIARRHEA or Crispy_Sock ―soplias, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is the only site where I actually want to read the comments. ―amateur_polymath, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit is the only website where I come looking for NSFW content and end up getting distracted by SFW content. ―Dwindellan, May 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit is the opposite of Facebook. Reddit is people you don't know posting things you care about. Facebook is people you know posting things you don't care about. ―thratty, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit is the social media page for people who avoid social media. ―J0noSnow, May 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit is where people with essentially the same ideals get in heated arguments over minor technicalities. ―Chaos773, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit makes me like people I've never met and Facebook makes me hate almost everyone i know. ―Luke2150, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit makes you love people you've never met. Facebook makes you hate people you've known your whole life. ―[deleted], Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit needs a "seen it before" button ―Theexceptionator, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit needs a youtube filter just like it's NSFW filter. There is nothing worse than clicking a youtube link when you thought it was a gif. ―Waldamos, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit needs to stop kidding itself. The downvote button is and always will be a disagreement button. ―Twizted_DMF, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit really needs someone to handle the bad PR due to the backlash of firing the person who handles PR ―iamtimcast, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit should allow posts to go into negatives so that we can see the "back page" as well as the front page. ―THE_PUSSY_IMPALER, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Reddit should have a 'throwaway bot' where you can PM for it to post on threads for you anonymously ―gee842, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit should have a /r/BIFU group. The acronym stands for Before I F*ck Up. It's a place you can go to and say things like, "Today, I'm going to shave my anus. What could possibly go wrong?" ―ccgrace85, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit should have a no USA day where posts concerning the US are banned, letting us see what's going on in the rest of the world more clearly. ―off-and-on, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Reddit should sell reddit aluminum for really bad comments, which shows more ads. ―jjason82, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Reddit to me is what the morning newspaper was for my dad. ―digitalwolverine, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit turned me into a hipster. People "hey did you see that thing on the news?" Me "yea I saw it before you on reddit" ―Denvermax31, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit's audience is about 50/50 male to female, but whenever I read a post I automatically think it's a male who posted it. ―polish_THIS_turd, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Reddit's freak out is going to look really dumb if Victoria was fired suddenly for a legit reason. ―Itsallbusinesstome, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit/Imgur could bankrupt Buzzfeed if they changed there terms of use to ban reposting on Buzzfeed. ―RealDanger, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Reddit: The place where a mass shooting makes top ranked post one day, and a T-Rex doing an obstacle course makes top ranked post the next. ―coolscreenname, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Redditors seem decently informed until you stumble upon a thread you actually know something about ―Marc_My_Words, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Redditors who browse through 'new' are the backbone of reddit. Without their sacrifice we wouldn't get to see a lot of great posts. ―Lord_Michael_Bolton, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Rednecks wear mullets so they don't get their necks red ―aMgWell, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Refrigerators should be clear so you can see inside without opening the door ―Uclydde, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Relatively speaking cars driven by people will be this weird blip in history between animal and robotic transportation. ―ZeroSchool, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Religion is like a thousand year long game of telephone ―delitomatoes, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Religion is like the world's longest game of "telephone' ―Cl0s3tStoner, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Religion is the longest game of telephone ever. ―Freeze__, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Religious people that haven't read their Holy book are basically clicking "Agree" without reading the Terms and Conditions ―MatMaf, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Religious people that haven't read their Holy books are basically clicking "Agree" without reading the Terms and Conditions ―Batman4815, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Religious people who haven't read their holy book have essentially clicked "Agree" without reading the terms and conditions. ―Fancy_Yancey, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Religious symbols are simply marketing logos for a particular brand of God. ―knowses, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Religious wars are basically extreme versions of comic fanboys fighting over which fictional superhero is stronger ―WrexEverything, May 2015
observations	sfw	Remember 100 years ago when owning a horse was commonplace but owning a car was a luxury? Now it's reversed. ―lordpond, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Remember that every corpse on Everest was once a highly motivated person. ―lukianp, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Rescue helicopters should have white lights at the end of their blade so when they spin it looks a halo ―letroller, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Restaurants like to advertise "Home Made" while at home people are complimented with "Restaurant Quality". ―ilovesheets, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Restaurants with WiFi should connect you to the menus section of their website so people order before browsing the internet. ―[deleted], Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Revisiting your old university campus after you've graduated feels awful lot like going back to an open -world video game after you've already beaten the main story and completed all side quests. ―5minUsername, May 2016
observations	sfw	Rick Astley is probably having a hard time with Lent. ―turbinador, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Rick Astley's "Never Gonna Give You Up" is all about honesty and it's been used to be dishonest millions of times. ―SwimmingNaked, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Rick Astley, Green Day, Sum 41, and the Killers Released Music this week. I don't know what year it is. ―billingsworld, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Riding in a cop car after being arrested is the exact opposite of the Cash Cab. The flashing lights are on the outside, you know the answers but don't want to say, they take you somewhere you don't want to go, and they take your cash at the end. ―MyWorkThrowawayShhhh, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Right now there is probably someone writing a book or singing a song that is amazing, that no one will ever hear about. ―bacchus213, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Right now, "Friends" could be rebroadcast as, "That 90s Show." ―JacPhlash, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Right now, there are millions of formally dressed skeletons in our ground. ―icandodge, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Rihanna made more money by saying work in her song than I will ever make in my life by actually working. ―clover_408, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Rio's pollution and water contamination, coupled with the fact that the world's strongest and fastest human beings have convened there, makes for a terrifying zombie apocalypse scenario. ―HockeyZombie36, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Road head will become so much more popular with self-driving cars. ―amkamins, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Rockstar shouldnt ban GTA V players for using money hacks, because the game is entirely about gaining money unfairly. ―LetUsExplore, May 2015
observations	sfw	Ron Swanson should get a spinoff show that is an HGTV-like show mocumentary where he works with annoying couples who want to fix their homes ―A_polite_cough, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Running for President is like having a Kickstarter where you give away cabinet positions and ambassadorships to the people that hit certain donor levels. ―Kepnerd, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Running from the police is the equivalent of betting double or nothing ―nixon11, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Running with scissors and scissoring with runs are both bad ideas. ―HessesAdventure, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Ryan Reynolds just got a free pass to be the biggest troll on the planet. He could do almost anything now and claim its Deadpool marketing ―Birdsongman, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Sad, lonely people are imagined as living with cats because you can't be lonely living with dogs. ―saravannan14, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Salt is just a rock that we find tasty. ―Darklicorice, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Salt shakers don't shake the salt. I shake the salt. ―CertifiedPuppyRapist, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Salty has replaced bitter as the flavor of being upset. ―thejellydude, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Samsung made a waterproof phone that catches on fire, is there a more deadly combination? ―splityoassintwo, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Samsung's Note 7 is probably just AI discovering fire ―Ethtardor, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Samuel L Jackson killed a bounty hunter named Jango in Star Wars and got killed by a bounty hunter named Django in Django Unchained ―Drakesfjord, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Samuel L. Jackson is to Quentin Tarantino films, what Johnny Depp is to Tim Burton movies. ―Shatrick, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Santa Claus goes down chimneys. Claustrophobia is being afraid of enclosed spaces ―gaykoala, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Santa Claus is the idea of God, dumbed down for children. He see's all, if you are not good you get coal(go to hell), if you are good you get presents(go to heaven), and the idea is to keep you under control for the people in power(the parents). ―gigabyteIO, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Santa Claus probably regrets giving coal to naughty kids now that global warming is threatening his habitat. ―JeremyMcLellan, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Santa Claus should be in the mall the week after Christmas so kids can go back to thank him for the presents he brought them. ―plafman, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Santa is actually pretty evil. Unfair labor practices, animal abuse, breaking and entering, surveillance, at least one hit and run (RIP Grandma). ―MCwaffle89, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Santa let all the other reindeer be mean to Rudolf until he had a use for him. ―Zombiepleasure, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Santa likes rich kids way more than poor kids. ―jetrii, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Sarah Connor was the very first victim of cyber-bullying. ―ViewedAskew, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Satan must get lots of mail from dyslexic children on Christmas ―singlewave, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Saturday Night Live should do an episode of Celebrity Jeopardy where the real Alex Trebek plays Will Ferrell as a contestant. ―Pee_Earl_Grey_Hot, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Saturday is the day you waited six days for just so you could do nothing. ―mapsmail999, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Saturday morning cartoons were to keep us busy while our parents got over their hangovers. ―dsvii, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Saturday the 14th is just as rare as Friday the 13th. ―___AhPuch___, May 2016
observations	sfw	Saving Private Ryan, Interstellar, and now The Martian are all about saving Matt Damon ―KingKrampas, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Say what you will about Plankton, but he could have created a computer wife who does his bidding and never disagrees. Instead, he created a computer wife with free will. She often nags and mocks him, just like a real wife would do. ―alexandergunther, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Say “no” to drugs? It really doesn’t matter what you tell drugs because if you’re talking to drugs, you’re taking them... ―Dr_Mphuthi, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Saying "Amen" is like the holy way of saying "true that" ―Freddy_dakilla, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Saying "Ebola" on a plane is the new equivalent to saying "bomb" ―inspectordexter, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Saying "Edit: thanks for the gold stranger," is like an action hero looking back at the explosion. It just ruins it. ―CameraMan1, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Saying "I don't support privacy because I have nothing to hide" is much like saying "I don't support free speech because I have nothing to say" ―MissingFucks, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Saying "I have also done x, but you don't see me bragging about it", is bragging about not bragging about something. ―YdinSieni, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Saying "I live at work" sounds a lot more hardcore than "I work at home" ―Jumbojet777, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Saying "I lost the stylus for my tablet" would've still made sense over 2000 years ago. ―azure326, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Saying "I pay your salary so I am your boss!" to a cop is like saying "I pay social security so I own the old people!" ―UncannyFart, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Saying "I think outside the box" is using a tired, worn-out cliche to claim you are an original thinker. ―anotherbeersalesman, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Saying "I've lost the stylus for my tablet" would have also made sense 2000 years ago ―That_Guy_But, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Saying "I've loved you since our first date" is way less creepy than saying "I love you" on the first date. ―djliquidvoid, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Saying "It's God's Will" when something bad happens is the same as Bethesda saying "It's not a bug, it's a feature." ―Theoretical_What, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Saying "We invented _____" When talking about an invention which originated in your country is the same as taking credit for a group project you didn't help at all in. ―JustHarmony, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Saying "a quick Google search showed me that..." when answering someone's question is the passive aggressive way of saying "you could've looked this up yourself". ―GoldNBones, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Saying "a ton of fat people" could just mean "several fat people". ―IvyMichael, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Saying "drugs and alcohol" is like saying "fruits and bananas" ―Quasargyle, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Saying "he died doing what he loved" is possibly the worst way to console a parent whose son has died of a drug overdose. ―gametogenesis, May 2015
observations	sfw	Saying "mhm" or "yeah" in conversation is the real life version of pressing A to skip through a character's dialogue in a videogame. ―thedeafpoliceman, May 2014
observations	sfw	Saying "prematurely" is really just mashing together the phrase "pretty much too early." Say it quickly and you'll understand. ―xlbrainslushies, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Saying "tunafish sandwich" is like saying "beefmammal burger" ―[deleted], Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Saying "um" is the human equivalent to buffering. ―[deleted], Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Saying "um" is the human equivalent to buffering. ―xTheRedKnightx, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Saying Okay Google is essentially the equivalent of saying Go Go Gadget Phone ―Thetreyb, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Saying a movie has a "twist ending" is still a spoiler. ―Heatios, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Saying someone can't be sad because someone else has it worse is like saying someone can't be happy because someone else has it better. ―Backs_People_Up, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Saying that, "Spying is OK because you have nothing to hide." is like saying, "Taking away free speech is OK because you have nothing to say." ―SuryasBitch, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Saying the letters NSFW require more syllables than saying Not Safe For Work. ―Skuhdoodle, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Saying there are no aliens is like scooping a tea cup into the ocean and saying [there are] no fish ―lIlIIllIIllIlllIl, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Saying there are no aliens is like scooping a tea cup into the ocean and saying [there are] no fish. ―Kevin_mark32, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Saying um is the human equivalent to buffering ―AnxietyAttack2013, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Saying you enjoy "people watching" is a lot less creepy than "watching people" ―minimas, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Saying you handle transactions for a multi-billion dollar company is way better than saying you're a cashier at McDonald's ―sireman, May 2015
observations	sfw	Saying you identify with the opposite gender, means you hold stereotypes about the opposite gender. ―OneManNinjaClan, May 2016
observations	sfw	Saying you're a realist is an optimist's way of saying you're a pessimist ―callaghanrs, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Saying you're on Tinder to "find friends" is like saying you're going to a crackhouse to buy aspirin. ―Alex_Huntington, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Saying, "Happy New Year," is kind of like saying, "Have a nice day," but multiplied by 365 ―KidCasey, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Saying: ''Rip my inbox" when you recieve a lot of replies is weird considering your inbox is probably the most alive it has been. ―Barack_Bob_Oganja, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Scandinavian women are so gorgeous because the Vikings only brought back the hot women from their pillages ―aakksshhaayy, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Scary movies should put high pitched sounds only dogs can hear so your dog will start acting crazy for (seemingly) no reason at the scariest parts. ―mack1128, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	School doesn't even test your intelligence, it tests your memory. ―qatarmoney, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	School is meant to bring new humans up to speed on humanity's progress so far. ―IBetz, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	School prepares you more for "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?" than it does for everyday life ―ThePopcornDude, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Schrodinger's iPhone: If you drop your iPhone on the ground face down, the screen is both in tact and cracked at the same time until you look at it. ―apt-get_-y_tittypics, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Schrodinger's song is the first few minutes before you know if the song is "Under Pressure" or "Ice Ice Baby". ―kickie10, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Schrödinger's Ex: By not checking an ex's social media accounts and nor asking about them, they can neither be happier nor unhappier than yourself. ―wolfesluck, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Schrödinger's Redditor: A Redditor who is both a male and a female, until the moment they reveal their gender to you. ―bertonomus, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Scientists are adult kids stuck in the "why phase". ―JustAPoorBoy42, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Scissors are the hardest things to steal because you can't run away with them ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Scooby Doo is basically a show that teaches kids that the villains in our lives are usually not strangers, but rather people we know and trust. ―GhostGlide, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Scooby-Doo taught us that the real monsters always turn out to be humans. ―OldManWilikers_, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Scooby-Doo taught us that the real monsters always turn out to be humans. ―clifwith1f, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	Scooby-doo taught us that the real monsters are people. ―ZForZimmer, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Scotland is the boyfriend who saved up and bought the expensive engagement ring, only to get dumped by England. ―Hass91, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Scrolling through Facebook is just like scrolling through Reddit 2 days ago. ―northwitch, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Sean Connery should probably never do a City Bank commercial. ―Neuronzap, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Seasoned players of Monopoly know the real aim is to get defeated as quickly as possible to escape the table. ―Breeze_in_the_Trees, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Secretly get everyone on Reddit to collaborate and post fake content for 24 hours and evilly laugh as Buzzfeed, CNN, Fox, and every morning radio show lie to the public by ignorantly recycling our fake stuff. ―jsally17, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Secretly knowing a language that a group of people speak but they think you don't, is almost like having the power to read minds ―had_one_too_many, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Seeing as how both Batman and Ironman's only real super powers are that they are super rich and very smart, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs sure turned out to be disappointments. ―ImmaculateJones, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Seeing as how both Batman and Ironman’s only real super powers are that they are super rich and very smart, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs sure turned out to be disappointments. ―seemarakesh, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Seeing girls look really good on social media is the same as seeing fast food look really good on a comercial ―PhilosophersStone1, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Seeing someone reading a book you love is kind of like a book recommending a person. ―JohnnyIERB, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Seeing your first and last name in the title of a Reddit post would probably be pretty freaky. Yes, Joseph Martin, I'm talking to you. ―itsokimstupid, May 2016
observations	sfw	Self checkout should include an employee discount. ―itsDANdeeMAN, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Self-driving cars will occasionally be pulling up to a destination with a corpse inside, the sole passenger having expired during the trip. ―pants6000, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Sending your navy to sit in international waters just off a country's coastline is the world's highest-stakes game of "I'm not touching you" ―BaconContest, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Senior citizen discounts should just round dollar amounts down so we don't have to wait in line behind them while they dig for change. ―Flerin, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Senior citizen discounts should just round dollar amounts down so we don't have to wait in line behind them while they dig for change. ―ThisisGolems, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Sesame Street never taught me how to get to Sesame Street ―jayt236, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Set your WIFI password to 2444666668888888, when your friend ask just tell him it's 12345678 ―marseitindel, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Seth MacFarlane sounds like he forgot his normal voice and is immitating what he thinks he sounded like ―Mantis_Pantis, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Seth Rogan is this generation's Adam Sandler. A Jewish comedian that makes comedies with the same actors in every movie. ―samicktorino, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Seven has the word 'even' in it. Which is odd. ―BookerGinger, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Seven has the word 'even' in it. Which is odd. ―speeder272, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Shadowbanned users are like ghosts of redditors, they try to communicate with us but can't, we feel their presence and most of the times they don't even know they are shadowbanned. ―it_roll, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Shakespeare invented over 2000 words. I wonder were the audience ever just sat there with no idea what the actors were saying, really confused. ―generiquai, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Shakespeare probably never had to say "for lack of a better term". He just made one up. ―TheBridgeburners, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Shakespeare would likely have enjoyed rap ―[deleted], Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Shampoo is a really weird word. ―Joshywat, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Shaving your head is the "You can't fire me because I quit" approach to male pattern baldness. ―DeathStarDriveBy, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Shoes are just a floor you take with you. ―I_EAT_GHOTI_DICKS, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Shoes are just portable floors ―Yoitstubbs, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Shoes are portable floors. ―RecordingInProgress, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Shooting fireworks on Memorial Day seems a lot like celebrating 9/11 with a rousing game of Jenga ―btowntkd, May 2016
observations	sfw	Should I trust a pet shampoo that says it hasn't been tested on animals? ―penguinofspades, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Should dumping your partner by text be called exting? ―[deleted], Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Shouldn't apartments be called togetherments? ―Anal_Peanutbutter, May 2014
observations	sfw	Shouldn't billboards be illegal since they distract you from the road? ―RubberMcScrubDub, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Shouldn't boat engines be rated in seahorsepower? ―Half_Gone, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Shouldn't the Air and Space museum be empty? ―[deleted], Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Shout out to the first guy who pointed to a wolf in the distance and said, "I think we could be friends." ―CypressSmallz, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Showerthoughts is almost exactly what I hoped Twitter was going to be, but now Twitter has turned into what I imagine spam mail is like. ―InsideOutOstrich, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Showerthoughts was someones showerthought ―Storpeedo2, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Shrek is a movie about loving yourself for who you are despite your physical appearance, but during the entire film they are making fun of Lord Farquaad for being short instead of all his other detestable qualities. ―Haskillbrother, May 2016
observations	sfw	Sia's final album should be titled "Sia Later" ―Mad-Hatter95, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Sign language done by a really tired person must seem like a really thick accent thats hard to understand. ―s133zy, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Silence is the only thing that's easier done than said. ―fluorescentheart, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Silent movies were killed off 80 years ago, but now with gifs I watch more silent videos than I do those with sound. ―Delet3r, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Similar to how swimming has a bunch of races using different strokes, track should have a bunch of races using different running styles. 100 meter crab walk would definitely grab my attention ―Ditka69, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Since "Finding Nemo" led to a decline in the clownfish population from people wanting them as pets, Disney should make a movie about elderly, disabled, or otherwise "less desirable" pets ―superfunatparties, May 2016
observations	sfw	Since 2000 we've gone from having a single portable CD player to having the collective knowledge of mankind in your pocket. ―ciacciojon, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Since Boston and Philadelphia played the most influential roles in the American revolution, Massachusetts and Pennsylvania are the MA and PA of American independence. ―CKings, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Since Britain's new £5 note is washable, you can now launder money without being arrested for it. ―MCsqu4red, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Since Brother is the older Berenstain Bear sibling, there were two years before his sister was born when he was an only child named Brother. ―mrphmurphster, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Since Chris Pratt is playing the lead in Jurassic World, they should've just named the movie Parks and Rex ―McBeardyson, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Since Earth is the third planet in our solar system,isn't everything on Earth technically a third world problem? ―BoastfulJew, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Since Half-life 2 was released I have joined the Army, fought in a war, left the army for college, graduated with a masters degree and started a new career, this point HL3 will be a lifetime away. ―Kangaroo-, May 2016
observations	sfw	Since I'm Canadian my two cents is rounded down to nothing ―ToothlessWolf, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Since a lot of the profits from recreational marijuana in Colorado go to fund public education, pot is now actually making people smarter. Suck on that, Nancy Grace. ―daddycool12, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Since a straight line only needs two points, you and I are perfectly lined up right now. ―CombustibleA1, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Since bat wings are just skin stretched between elongated finger bones, bats fly through the power of jazz hands. ―thatmeddlingkid7, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Since celery is 90% water, if I tried walking on it, I'd be 90% like Jesus. ―Engr89, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Since cursive writing is no longer being taught in school, we can use it as secert code against upcoming generation's ―critter561, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Since doggy style is used by animals ranging from mice to elephants, it really should be called "Beast Mode" ―dcav, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Since dogs don't understand language, when I sit and read a book for hours, they probably think we are just super entertained by turning the pages. ―BrodaTheWise, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Since dogs live shorter lives than humans, maybe their sense of time is different and that's why they are so excited to see you whenever you come back. ―raf3776, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Since everyone is regretting our candidates in 2016, it looks like hindsight will finally be 2020 ―GlovesaveNABeaut, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Since marijuana is really just a flower, and legalization is on its way, Cannabis Bouquets for you SO will more than likely be a thing we do in the future ―Deanbledblue, May 2015
observations	sfw	Since most suicidal people who survived jumping from the Golden Gate Bridge jump regret jumping as soon as they do it, could the Oculus Rift/ other VR be used as a form of therapy to trick the brain into survival mode? ―AnnaPlastic, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Since my wife died, I rarely speak out loud in my house. I wonder if my cats forgot what their names are. ―Llama_Loogie, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Since my wife works in a hospital. Anytime i want to get out of work, i could simply say "I need to go, my wife is in the hospital." ―EightyNinjas, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Since our phones have essentially become pocketwatches, we should have the chain too. Then we won't drop them on the ground. ―ATpanguin, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Since smart watches can now read your pulse, there should be a feature that erases your browser history if your heart stops beating ―BeardedForMyPleasure, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Since smart watches can now read your pulse, there should be a feature that erases your browser history if your heart stops beating. ―ComicSansIsAwsome, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Since smart watches can now read your pulse, there should be a feature that erases your browser history if your heart stops beating. ―jeniferfuti09, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Since taking my smartphone to the toilet, I know much less about my shampoo ingredients ―meurl, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Since the Death Star is the size of a small moon, Obi Wan and Luke were very lucky that they docked close to the things they needed to accomplish ―pjdurst, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Since the French Burkini ban, Female Body Inspector is now an actual job. ―ThrowinStacks, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Since the earth is spinning on its axis, as well as orbiting the sun, and all galaxies are in motion as well, I've come to realize the only thing in the universe that's actually stationary is my girlfriend's stance on anal ―ibjixx1, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Since the invention of auto-correct, the use of the word 'ducking' has exploded. ―wotton, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Since the new Iron Man is a female they should change the title to FeMale. ―delusional-thomas, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Since the popularity of cell phones, it became a lot more socially acceptable to hang out by yourself in a parking lot. ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Since the simpsons first aired I've gone from Barts age to Homers age ―vanmutt, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Since there are no movie theaters in Compton, you need to go straight outta Compton to see Straight Outta Compton. ―mrshatnertoyou, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Since we sent a robot to Mars before sending humans, isn't it possible that the first extraterrestrials that we encounter on Earth could not be the aliens themselves, but their technology instead? ―DextreOfficial, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Since windows has Cortana and Apple has Siri, Google should enter a deal with valve and change OK Google to GlaDos. ―Smoke731mcb, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Sir Ian McKellen is literally a gay lord. ―Algaroth, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Sirens and horns should be illegal in radio commercials ―sawer707, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Siri or Cortana should say "uhm..." "uh..." "hm..." instead of showing a buffering animation. ―EverydayImShowering, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Siri should respond to me at the same volume level that I spoke at. ―forelius, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Sitting on the toilet upvoting and downvoting on Reddit is the closest I'll ever be to a king judging from a throne. ―SixVISix, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Skipping any links that are videos instead of gifs brings me to a whole new level of laziness that I never knew existed. ―TheDopeShowLS, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Skittles is probably having a marketing heyday right now ―BreakEveryChain, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Sleep is like a 33% tax on life. ―Shipwreck_Kelly, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Sleep is the only thing that you fake doing in order to actually do it ―zanzibar_74, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Sleeping in is considered lazy, but going to bed early is not ―Yeah_righto_mate, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Sleeping in is considered lazy, but going to bed early is not. ―cloudyy182, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Sleeping is cool. It's like being dead without the commitment. ―Pritchardness, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Sleeping is mostly fake it till you make it ―ultrakaijuu, May 2016
observations	sfw	Slow internet is a lot more annoying than no internet. ―Parifaste, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Smart watches should allow you to say "Get Police" and silently contact the local police station and allow them to listen in and locate your location. Regardless of data plans. ―just_let_him_finish, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Smartphones should have an option to deactivate the swipe feature when showing someone a picture. ―JOEY2X, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Smashing garlic in order to peel it is probably something that was discovered through tremendous frustration. ―eezpz, May 2016
observations	sfw	Smith is such a common name because in medieval times the smiths probably spent their time smithing instead of fighting wars, so they survived to reproduce. ―Kaleon, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Smokers allowed breaks at work are just getting an advance on the free time others will have at the ends of their lives. ―goatimhimmel, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Smokers literally pay for cancer. ―IZismyname, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Smoking cigarettes is a great way to commit suicide if you're a procrastinator. ―skee_ball, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Smoking cigarettes is a great way to commit suicide if you’re a procrastinator. ―micheldeveon, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics ―rhymenasourus, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Smoking one pack of cigarettes a day decreases chances of dying of old age ―MEXLeeChuGa, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Smoking out of a bong requires all 4 elements ―Fuh_Queue, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Snails would be a lot scarier if they were fast. ―phatmakgmc, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Snakes are free range tentacles. ―ate2bugz, May 2016
observations	sfw	Snakes are just tails with faces. ―atzyrus, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Snapchat is ruining all the progress we made on getting people to take horizontal videos ―spaceman_sloth, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Snapchat should add the ability to add a NSFW tag to snaps that should not be viewed in front of other people. ―chandabear17, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Snapchat should have a 'Send as NSFW' feature, so you don't open up your girls nudes whilst sat having coffee with your mum. ―ZeroSenseOfHumour, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Snapchat should have a NSFW or a "do not open around other people" indication box option when sending snaps. ―ku_srob, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Snapchat should have a NSFW tag you can check so you don't open nudes in public ―karmadonationcenter, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Snapchat should have a day where facial effects aren't sent along with the photo. So people everywhere will just receive photos of their friends with their mouths open and making weird poses. ―Dani_metal, May 2016
observations	sfw	Snapchat videos should have the option of putting a NSFW tag on them so I know whether or not I can open them in public. ―finishyourbeer, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Snapchat's motto on the app store is "Life's more fun when you live in the moment :)" which is the exact opposite of what happens when you use the app. ―capresesalads, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Snape was so obsessed with getting the Defense Against the Dark Arts job because he knew it would be Harry's most important class, and wanted to teach him personally ―Azmek, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Snickers should do an airdrop on Pyongyang. North Korea turns into a right diva when they're hungry. ―FlyingDutchkid, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Sniffing every tree and lamppost on our morning walk is my dogs equivalent of me checking social media after I wake up. ―alldryanddusty, May 2015
observations	sfw	Snipers and surgeons need steady hands for the exact opposite reasons ―Sindrin, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Snoop Dogg has probably been stoned for longer than I have been alive. ―YaBoyLantony, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Snoop Dogg should host a cooking show called "Dogg Foodd" ―itstriche, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Snoop Dogg would be the leader of the grass type gym. ―Comescus, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Snowmobile engines should be rated in dogpower. ―pokersjokers, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	So far it seems like the only danger of smoking pot is getting caught by the police. So we have created the only known danger ―ReefsnChicks, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	So far, no one has come back in time to try and kill me, so I guess I turn out alright... ―jordan_defritos, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	So many adult women are in love with the boys from One Direction. Imagine the reaction if adult men were crazy over a band of teenage girls. ―wtt90, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	So many gifs I've seen just make me wonder, "Why were you filming that in the first place?" ―trwwy321, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	So many people die every day that we've never actually checked to make sure that the sun would rise without a human sacrifice. ―darthjebus211, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	So much public money goes into sports stadiums we need separation of sport and state ―91394320394, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	So, if there was a Mexican guy with the last name Rita, we would call him señor Rita ―raistlinX, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Social Media is like alcohol: some people use it safely to aid their social life, others have way too much and end up saying a lot of stupid things. ―pykies, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Social anxiety means that sometimes I throw parties and worry that people will show up. ―Belushimcc, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Social media sites should add a "grace period" so if you like the wrong post by accident, you can immediately unlike it without the person getting a notification. ―Koolaidguy541, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Socializing is like going to the gym for me. I know it's good for me and once I'm doing it, I actually enjoy it, but I will try every excuse in the book to avoid it. ―paradoximoron, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Society has become so civilized that we have to simulate manual labor at the gym in order to reap the health benefits that civilizations of past centuries had to do naturally for a living. ―planetsalic, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Sociopaths would be better at customer service because they're used to faking empathy and other emotions. ―Cameronious, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	Soldiers are harder to spot when they're not wearing camouflage. ―Stangboy, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Some ATM machines charge you £1.85 for cash withdrawals then have the audacity to tell you to cover your pin to prevent getting robbed. ―whytea_, May 2016
observations	sfw	Some Scooby Doo episodes would be a lot shorter if they just went to the costume store first and asked a couple of questions. ―bradleypb, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Some Subway executive once thought: "Michael Phelps smoked pot? No, we want a nice wholesome image. Stick with that Jared fellow." ―murse_joe, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Some alien could be looking at earth right now through a telescope from a planet light years away and is just admiring how great the dinosaurs look. ―HacksawJimDGN, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Some billionaire should give all their money to charity, start over, and call it prestiging. ―yatpay, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Some day soon in the future when we have free wifi everywhere, there are going to be hipster cafés offering wifi free zones. ―nononononookyes, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Some day, there will be a space travel incident that is compared to the sinking of the Titanic. ―excited_by_typos, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Some girls say "you'll never find another one like me" after a breakup, isn't that the point? ―JohnWilkesBOOM, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Some guy named frank must have been very straight forward. ―[deleted], Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Some memes are older than the kids browsing them ―Magnatross, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Some of us are still "it" from a childhood game of tag. ―chudd, May 2015
observations	sfw	Some or all of the money collected from wishing wells or fountains should be donated to the Make A Wish Foundation, that way the coins tossed really did make a wish come true. ―lionsfandom, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Some people think that calling a bf 'Daddy' is disgusting but calling them 'baby' is ok ―PM_ME_UR_CUM_VIDS, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Some people's PIN numbers are 6173, and this post probably makes them want a new one. ―Golf_and_Booze, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Some poor kid in 'Air Bud' got cut from the team to make room for the dog ―dodgingwrenches, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Some rappers basically have us pay them to tell us what extravagant/lavish things they then do with our money ―dafunkmasta, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Some rich philanthropist should scatter seven Dragon Balls across the world and grant whoever returns them one wish from his fortune. ―life_manager, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Some women are world famous for being beautiful. I see women more beautiful than them in real life all the time. ―kippylongstocking, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Somebody probably has died the same night they didn't send that chain mail to 10 other people. ―machvelli, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Somebody should open up a burger shop and name it "Mumford And Buns." Every burger on the menu is the same, just like their songs ―JonMlee, May 2015
observations	sfw	Somebodys job is to nail Jesus to the cross every time a crucifix is made ―crabsandthighs, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Someday "Brad" will be a name for old people. ―[deleted], Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Someday a child will run to her parents and say "mommy, daddy, how did you meet?" They will turn to each other, hold hands, gaze into each others eyes and sweetly say "we both swiped right." ―Twas_Inevitable, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Someday future archaeologists are going to dig up Disney World and think it was some bizarre mouse-worshiping kingdom. ―TheButt69, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Someday there will be a TIL post about how Disney didn't create Star Wars but was actually made by some guy named George Lucas. ―lextexiana, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Someday there will be a TIL post about how the word "clockwise" came from mechanical clocks that used gears to spin arms around to show time. ―Thewes6, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Someday, someone will be the last person ever born. ―Unicorn_Ranger, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Someday, there will be a TIL that David Bowie and Alan Rickman both British, both died of cancer at 69, both in the same week of the same year. ―ip_address_freely, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Someday, when we've colonized Mars, the Curiosity Rover will be in a museum. On Mars. ―chamomiles, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Somehow we always assume that aliens would walk around naked. ―talkshit-gethugged, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Someone cared about Butthead enough to pay for him to have braces. ―rrussell415, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Someone had to go to Robin Williams' Wikipedia page and turn every 'is' to a 'was'. ―6midlan, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Someone in Indiana with the last name Harrison should open a Ford dealership so it would be called "Harrison Ford" with the slogan is "The people of Indiana jones for our low prices." ―new-clear-dawn, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Someone in the United States has no clue that this is his last weekend with all ten fingers. ―BrazenBull, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Someone in the world unknowingly has the world's best Rock, Paper, Scissors winning percentage ―pepperoniplease, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Someone is going to be that guy that dies an hour before we discover aliens for the first time. ―boblawslaw, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Someone is going to say “I have to go to the moon” in a bored, defeated tone one day ―margarita-pizza, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Someone should develop a "time lapsule", a time lapse camera designed to operate for several decades without maintenance that can be permanently installed in a public area. ―1up_for_life, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Someone should develop a browser app that very gradually starts changing words so you can begin to learn a language. ―whilst_i_poop, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Someone should develop an AI specifically for reading Terms &amp; Conditions and flagging dubious parts. ―jamesfircks, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Someone should get fired for deciding to release Independence Day 2 on June 24. ―theflealee, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Someone should invent glasses you wear at the theatre that allows only the wearers to see subtitles. ―nomadbynature120, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Someone should make a medieval horse racing game called "Need for Steed" ―ECURLE, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Someone should make a website for amputees where they can find other amputees who want to go half on a pair of shoes or gloves. ―dirtknapp, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Someone should make an Eastern European dating site called "Czech Mate" ―[deleted], Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Someone should make an app called 'Netflix and Chill' that matches you with local singles who like the same shows as you ―TitsAlmighty, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Someone should make fauxfu. A tofu substitute made out of meat, for people who want to pretend they are vegetarian but still eat meat. ―illlogic, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Someone should market a prank dictionary that looks real but is missing the word "gullible". ―eequalsmc2, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Someone should organize a tribute show honoring Weird Al where the original artists perform his parody versions of their songs for him. ―SpookyGeek, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Someone should parody the Apple dancing silhouette commercials and have the new earbuds flying wildly in all directions as they try to dance. ―Predditorylender, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Someone should put a GoPro on a bull during the Running of the Bulls. ―Oragif, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Someone should release a study saying the use of cell phones definitively causes cancer. Apple and Samsung would probably find the cure for cancer in no time. ―kegacide, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Someone should run a Facebook page that posts nothing but clickbait that links to Never Gonna Give You Up to teach people to stop clicking it ―bjholmes3, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Someone should sell a book on eBay called "How to scam people online" and never ship it to customers. ―iLucky12, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Someone should start a knockoff electric car company called "Edison" where they rebrand and resell Teslas ―mwhaskin, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Someone should start an uber-like service just with pick up trucks to help move beds or pick up big packages. ―yestopoopjokes, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Someone should throw a Halloween party where everyone dresses like cops so if it ever gets busted, there would just be mass confusion. ―Andy_Carl, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Someone should use screen recording software to record an entire day's worth of working on spreadsheets and post it to YouTube so that I can play it full screen and pretend like I'm working. ―peacesreese, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Someone super famous should do an AMA but not say who they are, see if Reddit can figure it out. ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Someone taking down a "missing person" sign can either be really good or really bad. ―EastLight, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Someone who watched The Ring probably did die seven days later. ―Pineapple__Jews, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Someone's therapist probably knows all about you and probably thinks it's your fault. ―frmes_hift, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Someone, at some point in history had to look at a beehive and think: "I know those little bastards are hiding something good." ―Comment_Sense, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Someone, somewhere, has reached university and been assigned the dorm room they were conceived in. ―slaaitch, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Sometimes I complain about how boring my life is while riding around in a metal machine that runs on explosions. ―derpstrike, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Sometimes I hate a post so much I wish Reddit offered the opposite of Reddit Gold. They could call it Reddit Turd and charge more for it than Reddit Gold. ―FinishingSauce, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Sometimes I see an animal, and I wonder if among that species, that particular dude or girl is considered handsome. ―elharry-o, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Sometimes I think I mistyped my password but my computer knows who I am and let's it slide. ―TheReverendZ, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Sometimes I wish I was a pet fish, only to experience that moment when it suddenly starts raining food. ―GRRM_is_my_mum, May 2015
observations	sfw	Sometimes I wonder how many strangers I saw last year are now dead. ―Anson845, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Sometimes I wonder if my life is in shambles because of all the chain letters that I never forwarded to ten of my closest friends. ―OccasionallyWitty, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Sometimes when I click a link tagged, "NSFW" or "NSFL" and they take more than a few seconds to load, I click back. I feel like that's the internet's way of warning to me not to look at whatever it is. ―crispy_critter, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Sometimes when I eat broccoli I think, this must be what it's like for giants when they eat trees, but then I realize giants don't eat trees, and then I remember there's no giants, and then I remember broccoli is gross and I get even more sad. ―Regularoldballoon, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Sometimes when I post on Reddit I feel like that outsider in a group of really good friends just trying to fit in... ―MarkJohn73, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Sometimes when im naked infront of the mirror i think to myself... I've jerked that guy off. ―BrucePee, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Sometimes, when I get sick, I think back about the times I was healthy and think about how ungrateful I was to be healthy. This is probably what it feels like to be old. ―pianotimes, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Sometimes, when I see internet trolls and Facebook fights, the endless march of the keyboard warriors, and the celebrity twitter feuds, I think to myself; "remember when computers were for smart people?" ―TeamMahogany, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Somewhere down the line (far, far down the line) Rockstar should team up with Google Maps to make an open world GTA game that would allow you to go anywhere in the world. ―TheMeridianVase, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Somewhere in China there's a factory that pumps out Made in China stickers with smaller Made in China stickers on them ―aliensdoskate, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Somewhere in another galaxy, an extraterrestrial might be using a photo of our Milky Way as their desktop wallpaper. ―Hardcorish, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Somewhere in the galaxy, your childhood is still currently visible. Your past self still exists, traveling through space at the speed of light. ―banyanroot, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Somewhere in the script for Spiderman 3, it probably said [Enter Sandman] ―dppsubm, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Somewhere in the world right now, somebody is reading this exactly the same time you are and coming to the exact same realization that someone else is doing so. ―FayBooLess, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Somewhere in the world there is a baby stronger than all other babies. ―Citruspassion, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Somewhere in the world, there is a specific location where I'm going to die... I wonder how many times I've been there.. ―Nope__Nope__Nope, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Somewhere in the world, there is somebody with your dream job that hates going to work everyday ―EmailSoup, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Somewhere on tinder, there is endless bot conversations, but us humans can't see. ―abolish_karma, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Somewhere out there is a man who has jacked-off more than anybody else in the world ―come-on-now-please, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Somewhere out there it is some chicken's birthday and it doesn't even know it and I think that is sad ―OliverAnd, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Somewhere out there there's a couple who holds the record for the longest time spent trying to find one another in the grocery store. ―apricotpajamas, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Somewhere out there, there is a bottle of Cesar salad dressing with an expiration date of March 15th. ―Zodikosis, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Somewhere there is a severely autistic person who can't help but see Waldo instantly, and wonders what all the fuss is about. ―scooterdoop, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Somewhere, a super model is having diarrhea. ―Blink1EightyJew, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Somewhere, out there, lives a hardcore vegan that refuses to use 'honey' as a term of endearment. ―captainjules, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Somewhere, there really *is* a couple named Adam and Steve, and they're tired of people pointing it out. ―Lermpy, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Somewhere, there's a 50 year old billionaire who's future trophy wife hasn't even been born yet. ―kayjay25, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Sony Honeydicked us into watching The Interveiw ―blacktrout225, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Sony should release "The Interview" free online as a middle finger to the "terrorists". ―AchillesRage, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Soon all background actors are just going to be staring at their phones to make it more believable ―ordinary-o, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Soon, when teens get caught smoking, they'll tell their parents it was just pot, not cigarettes ―LivinGhosT, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Sour, bitter and salty are very different tastes but very similar moods. ―NotTooSpecial, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	South Park Has a Better Grasp of Current Events than the News Does. ―tenlenny, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	South Park needs an episode about Martin Shkreli called "Shkreli's Deli," where he buys out the food in town, owns a store and jacks up the prices on his sandwiches, causing starvation and misery. ―prezbotyrion, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	South Park usually reports the news in a more unbiased and accurate way than most news stations ―Shail4221, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Space Jam was basically made by having Michael Jordan talk to himself and shoot baskets on a green screen. ―FeetOnYourCouch, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Spacesuits are literally made to protect astronauts from nothing ―cyberk25, May 2014
observations	sfw	Spelling bees would be so much better if kids said "To The" in-between each letter. ―Pmunk, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Spiciness is the only flavor your anus can taste. ―sinclairbay, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Spider-man used to take selfies before they were cool. ―yahasgaruna, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Spiderman has arachnid buttholes on his wrists.. ―PhantomGuise, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Spiderman would be way less cool if he wasn't living in a city full of skyscrapers. ―Ravedog12, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Spiderman would be way less cool if he wasn’t living in a city full of skyscrapers. ―Stephen_Harold, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Spiders are just web developers that are happy to find bugs ―tacticalsword, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Spiders are the only type of web developers that are happy to find bugs. ―B00ker_DeWitt, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Spiders are the only web developers that are happy to find bugs ―exilyy, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Spilling a beer is the adult equivalent of letting go of a balloon as a child. ―Kden133769, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Spilling a beer is the adult equivalent of letting go of a balloon ―Overclass2, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Spilling a beer is the adult equivalent to losing a balloon ―Nolaninthedeep, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Spilling a full drink you paid for is the adult equivalent of letting go of a balloon ―DeezNeezuts, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Spongebob and Squidward have shifts at the Krusty Krab, so other people work there too. ―shaunthegreat, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Spongebob is actually about a boss that underpays and overworks his employees to the point of insanity, depression, and even mental breakdowns. ―DigiDukeMaster, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Sponges are weird. They're artificial now, but in the past people would pluck animals out of the ocean and use them to wash dishes and stuff. That seems like something you'd do in the Flintstones. ―Gg101, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Spoons are just tiny bowls on sticks ―ChrisTaliaferro, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Sports are mostly about people trying to stop each other from completing very simple tasks. ―notfromkentohio, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Spotify should add a feature that keeps track of skips vs. plays to me know what songs I should delete from my music or playlists. ―104101110114121, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Squidward is far too judgemental for someone who never wears pants. ―[deleted], Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Sriracha is becoming the pumpkin spice of hot sauces. ―DangoDC, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Stacy is probably hotter than her mom by now ―catshit_breath, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Stairs are actually just slopes at really low resolution ―velvety123, May 2015
observations	sfw	Stairs are just little floors to help you get between big floors. ―Mayundo, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Stairs are just low resolution slopes. ―ForeverATaco, May 2015
observations	sfw	Stan Lee might die any day now and I'm not mentally prepared for that ―ianelinon, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Stan Lee should get himself filmed saying multiple lines with a green screen background so even if he dies, he still appears in Marvel movies ―GivingItYourAll, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Stan Lee's cameo in Avengers 2 should have been him as a janitor in Stark Tower and he lifts Mjolnir so he can dust under it ―Uncle_Cheech, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Star Wars Episode VII will be the first in the series released in the correct order corresponding to its number. ―thorpecthorpe, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Star Wars and Metallica fans are the same: die hard fans that never stop talking about their first three albums, have been disappointed with everything since then and are always hopeful the next release will redeem them. ―edenburns, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Star Wars has basically done the opposite of product placement. Instead of real life brands creeping in to the film, the film has crept in to every brand in real life. ―Nallenbot, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Star Wars is about 1 war and billions of stars. It should be called Stars War. ―KajiKaji, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	Star Wars spoilers should be called wookieeleaks ―Almost_sober, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Star wars is the story of a sentient invisible energy field playing chess with itself. ―[deleted], Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Starbucks should have a self-service express lane for people who just want a plain cup of coffee. ―utensilitis, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Staring at your crush's green "Online" indicator on Facebook chat is what Gatsby felt like ―L147, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Starting a family is like starting a really big group project. ―TheEpicEpileptic, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Starting task manager is like a parent saying "don't make me get the belt" ―Bluebybluegreen, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Statistically speaking, I think it's safe to say that there's at least one serial killer on reddit ―nickg452csh, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Statistically, quite a few of the people reading this while getting ready to leave for work won't ever make it home again. ―cookiecutter, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Steam is 13 years old now. It's old enough to have its own Steam account. ―Solanstusx, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Steam should have an option to enter your PC specs and allow you to filter games by whether or not you can run it. ―CrunchyChristmas, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Stephen Hawking is 74... That's the best proof I need that exercise isn't necessary to living a long life. ―Off_Duty_Superhero, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Stephen Hawking should change his voice to SIRI for Halloween ―popnfresh24, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Stephen Hawkings AMA tomorrow should have a 'Play' button on all his responses so the computer can read them out in his voice. ―Ascii_Kidd, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Stephen hawking is the result of god min / maxing a character ―leafynospleens, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Steve Carell should host the Emmy's one year as Michael Scott hosting the dundies ―Phresh_Prince, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Steve Jobs dying early is a fitting metaphor for his attitude to his company's battery life ―0nak, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Steve from Blue's Clues was a social recluse that stayed in his house all day talking to his condiments. ―Pichus_Wrath, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Stop smoking ads has gotten to the point where they're more obnoxious than smokers themselves ―Bear_Wizard72, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Stop, Drop, and Roll was always such a big deal as a kid... I really thought I'd be on fire more than this as an adult. ―kionae, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Strangely nearly all superpowers whether mutant, alien, radiaton etc comes with incredible sewing and costume making skills. ―Lemonlaksen, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Stranger Things had to be set in the 80s because half their problems could have been solved if everyone had a cell phone. ―SaraBellum42, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Straws only have one hole. ―__________________l, May 2016
observations	sfw	Strict parents raise the best liars. ―tquo, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Strippers are basically naked beggars ―dasflikken, May 2015
observations	sfw	Students are stereotypically viewed as being lazy, but I worked ten times harder as a student than I do in my career now ―autonova3, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Students cheat on tests because grades are more valued than learning. ―xCozyPumpkin, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Subreddits that don't allow downvoting are basically Facebook. ―___--_, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Subway employees must hear "Ummm..." a thousand times each shift. ―embiggenedmind, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Subway should not have had such a catchy jingle about 5 dollar footlongs, because now their 6 dollar footlongs seem like a rip off.... ―Nevercastor, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Suicide doesn't end pain. It just spreads that pain around to all the people you love. ―masongr, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Suicide doesn't ends the pain. It passes to someone else. ―dwightaroundya, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Suicide is a mortal sin to stop religious crazies from killing themselves in order to be with their god. ―LogicShift, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Suitcases are terrible for carrying suits. ―Numberphile, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Sunburn is actually pretty crazy. Something 93 million miles away is burning you. ―BBbroist, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Superbowl XLIV looks like the roman numeral version of ELI5 ―SpanishAlbino, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Superman shouldn't have any muscles because nothing on earth is heavy enough to give him a workout. ―what_the_total_hell, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Superman's build should be thin and scrawny, because nothing is heavy enough to offer him a proper resistance workout. ―themanfromsaturn, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Surely if tomatoes are fruits, then that makes ketchup a jam ―m_trix, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	Surely the man who killed Bruce Wayne's parents is inadvertently responsible for saving Gotham countless times. ―Mairuu, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Surgeons and snipers need steady hands for the exact opposite reason. ―[deleted], Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Swat team members should have their homes randomly raided by a neighboring swat team to better understand the confusion experienced by the suspect. ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Swiper never actually steals anything of much importance, or keeps it for too long. He probably just had an awkward crush on Dora and doesn't know how to flirt. ―Papasixfivefive, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Swiss Army knives should have a blank blade on them that can be cut into a key ―chuckalob, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	TED Talks are like church services for people who believe in science. ―Bronze_Kneecap, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	TIL is basically AskReddit for someone who used Google instead of AskingReddit. ―beer_intheheadlights, May 2015
observations	sfw	TIL should be called "What I just read on Wikipedia" ―Invicta_Game, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	TL;DR is a TL;DR of itself ―ItsJustMalcolm, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	TV really made me believe that souffles being ruined would be a frequent problem. ―Mveepee, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	TV screens went from being curved, to flat, to curved the other way. ―habeeb51, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	TVs went from curving outwards, to flatscreen, to curving inwards. ―CheriiPi, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Taco Bell should give customers an extra tortilla so they can make a burrito out of all the stuff that spilled out of the other burritos they ate. ―donttouchmybuttz, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Tagging a post NSFW is the ultimate clickbait ―frankysuper, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Take a photo with Michael Phelps and you'll have a good chance at getting gold next Olympics ―HarrySeverusPotter, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Taken 4 should be set in a tibetan monastery. Liam Neeson has found his daughter, and his wife, now he must find his inner self. ―danr995, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Taking a break with your SO is the real life equivalent of "try turning it off, and switching it on again," ―Attillathewat, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Taking medicine when you're sick is essentially your body electing to hire mercenaries to fight the war for you. ―Trinate3618, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Talking is a really slow data transfer between two super computers. ―ThatVRGuy_, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Talking to my mom is like going through an unskipable cutscene in a game I've played several times. ―TwistedCards, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Talking to people on the internet in the 90s meant I was a loser with no friends, not talking to people on the internet now means I am a loser with no friends. ―quasiology, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Tamagotchis have been replaced with FitBit. Now we are the thing that needs to be walked. ―Burgerstand, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Tangled was surprisingly underrated compared to Frozen. ―P403B3, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Tap dancers probably look at floors every so often and think "I'd tap that" and then chuckle to themselves. ―DangerousTides, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Tapes had "A" and "B" sides so it only made sense to transition to "CDs" ―duffmancantbreathe1, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Task Manager should have an "End as many tasks as possible without crashing my system" button ―Third_Redditor_Ever, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Tax revenue generated from legal marijuana sales should go towards funding space exploration. The more people get high, the higher up humanity goes! ―ijustwantnicethings, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Taxes are like a subscription to your Country that you can't cancel, no matter how bad the service gets. ―Filer93, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Taylor Swift doesn't think Spotify pays enough, so none of her music is on the service. As a result, I download it illegally for free and listen to it on the Spotify app. I'm still listening to it on Spotify and she is making nothing ―ICED_TEA_PIONEER, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Taylor Swift has a hundred songs about break ups and zero songs about blow jobs. Coincidence? ―FunPunishment, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Taylor Swifts "You belong with me" is just a gender swapped 'nice guy' rant. ―princewinter, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Teach a Parrot to say Parrot and you basically have a Pokémon ―ekclone, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Teach a man to fish he'll pay you once, sell a man a fish and he'll pay you for a lifetime ―[deleted], Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Teach a man with Alzheimer's to fish, and he'll eat for a day. ―straycanoe, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Teachers wont let you use Wikipedia, But they make you use 30 year old textbooks ―Tanner_Twaggs, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Technically speaking, Aliens invaded the moon on July 20th 1969 ―roscoes___wetsuit, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Technically speaking, the fattest person in the world is also the most 'attractive'. ―hats32, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Technically speaking, wouldn't your best friend be your worst enemy? ―DKXIII, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Technically, Everything on Reddit is NSFW as you probably shouldn't be on Reddit at Work. ―matthewgoodi5, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Technically, any drink that has calories is an energy drink. ―AmazingKreiderman, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Technically, cannibals are at the top of the food chain. ―mehog124, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Technically, it's impossible to skip breakfast. The first time you eat during a day is when you 'break your fast'. ―scadrafein, May 2014
observations	sfw	Technically, my wife is my ex-girlfriend. ―rerational, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Technically, you can go the rest of your life without eating. ―VayneInVain, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Technically, you can go the whole rest of your life without eating or drinking ―HanumanKingBar, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Ted Cruz should be forced to wait 48 hours and undergo counselling before he can abort his campaign ―nowag, May 2016
observations	sfw	Ted Cruz starts his rallies by saying "Allahu Akbar" in another language. ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Ted Cruz starts some speeches saying "To God be the glory." If he said that in Arabic he be starting them out saying "Allahu Akbar.' ―[deleted], Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Ted Cruz's first words in response to the Iowa caucus win were "to god goes the glory" aka "Allahu Akbar." ―greycap7, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Ted Mosby of "How I Met Your Mother" has no problem giving intimate details of his sexual history to his children, yet refuses to admit to them that he used to smoke weed. ―PM-me-yur-nice-smile, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Teen movies used to take place in and around a high school setting; now they're all set in dystopian futures. ―McClure_Esq, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Teenage girls saying "I can't even" is basically the same as old ladies saying "Well I never". ―KittenRaffle, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Teenage girls saying "I can't even" is the same as old ladies saying "Well I never." ―sddrow, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Teenagers are like cats. They are totally dependent on others and act like they aren't. ―MadMuffinTop, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Teenagers aren't in a rebellious stage they just reached an age where they know that adults don't have a magic stopping power. ―PointsOfXP, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Teenagers drive like they have limited time &amp; old people drive like they have all the time in the world ―mcrfreak78, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Teenagers drive like they have limited time &amp; old people drive like they have all the time in the world. ―lizee_helene, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Teenagers drive like they have limited time &amp; old people drive like they have all they time in the world ―tsmith53149, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Teenagers have only ever known what it's like being a child, but are expected act like adults while being treated like a child. ―JMS230, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Teens claiming they were "born in the wrong generation" Because of music being better in the past were actually born in the only generation with easy and almost free access to music from past generations. ―Tadaboody, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Televangelists who claim to have healing powers or cure diseases should be prevented from using the healthcare system and be forced to rely on their own powers. ―PuffyHerb, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Telling a depressed person to just cheer up is like telling a drunk person to act sober ―pikindaguy, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Telling a girl to calm down is like baptizing a cat ―BookerGinger, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Telling my parents "I finished all my food" has two very different implications between being a child and being a college student. ―conkub, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Telling my parents I'm moving to Colorado for the skiing is like telling my girlfriend I'm going to Hooters for the wings ―fatjesus007, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Telling someone that changing subjects in a conversation is your fetish would put them in a very awkward position. ―muffinpoots, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Telling someone their stillborn infant is in a better place is equal to saying God kidnapped their baby and is now raising it in a place they will only reach if they do exactly as he commands ―This_is_User, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Telling someone they shouldn't be sad because other people have it worse than them would be like telling them they shouldn't be happy because other people have it better than them. ―phototactic, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Telling someone with depression to cheer up is like telling someone with acne to wash their face ―TrailOfPears, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Telling someone you shouldn't be sad because other people have it worse than you is like telling someone they can't be happy because someone else is happier than them. ―AHurriedDog, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Telling someone: "why are you depressed, look at how great your life is." Is the same as saying, "What do you mean you have asthma, Look at all this air." ―HeadPhoneKid_, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Telling teenage boys that marijuana kills sperm is the single least effective anti-marijuana statement one could make. ―Val_Hallen, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Telling your boyfriend he's not funny, is the equivalent of telling your girlfriend she is fat ―OllanSkittles, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Ten years ago, if a girl had told me she was going to get her "selfie stick" I'd have thought things were about to get AWESOME. ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Ten-year old me would be so angry to find out I could afford a monkey and haven't bought one. ―kvw260, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Ten-year-old me thought having all 50 of the US state quarters would be much cooler than it actually was. ―JFX37, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Tesla should come out with a cologne called Elon Musk. ―slapded, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Tesla's Autopilot Just made Getting a Road Blowjob Much Safer ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Tesla/Edison would be an incredible band name for an AC/DC cover band. ―BoardPanda, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Teslas are so safe that they make headlines every time one crashes. ―HandymanBrandon, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Tetris taught me that when you try to fit in you'll disappear. ―[deleted], May 2015
observations	sfw	Text-to-911 should be more widely available, as it allows people to report a crime without looking suspicious or making a sound. ―obvious_santa, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Texting your crush is like a turn based strategy game, while calling them is like a real time strategy game. ―AtTheSameTimeTwice, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Thank God everyone agrees on the color of traffic lights. ―hotterthanahandjob, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Thanks to 'dude', 'bro' and 'man', I haven't said my best friend's name to him in 4 years. ―[deleted], Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Thanks to computers, my handwriting is the same as when I was in 2nd grade. ―onetwentyeightbpm, May 2016
observations	sfw	Thanks to craft beer, my alcoholism has turned into a "neat hobby" ―Penchegringo, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Thanks to dating apps, many people will first lay eyes on the love of their lives while evacuating their bowels. ―dolemite-, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Thanks to gifs, millions today enjoy silent movies like people did a century ago, not annoyed by the lack of sound. ―niktemadur, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Thanks to the Internet, I have probably seen more naked ladies than all of my ancestors combined. ―CurtisTH, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Thanks to the internet I've seen more naked woman than any other man in my family tree. ―Sir_Clogs_a_lot, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Thanks to the popularity of gifs, we are living in the golden age of silent films. ―datums, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Thanks to the word "indescribable", there's nothing that cannot be described ―YJCH0I, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Thanks to tinder, I've been fingering girls left and right! ―F9R, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Thanksgiving is like the grand feast for people who are going into the battle of sales on Black Friday. ―illCuddleYouSoHard, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	That "No Alcohol Beyond This Point" might as well say, "Bet you can't chug that whole beer" ―krustic13, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	That "your pornstar name is" thing is an elaborate con to get the name of your first pet and the street you grew up on to answer security questions. ―thegrinderofpizza, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	That Google Chrome "what tab is being noisy?" speaker icon should function as a mute button. ―kirk_is_, May 2015
observations	sfw	That Malaysia airplane is still missing. ―t_durden55, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	That feeling I got whenever I would look at my grades, I now get whenever I look at my bank account ―Tannysack, May 2015
observations	sfw	That one guy 10,000 years ago who was born with the first set of blue eyes must have gotten laid so much. ―RoblerLobler, May 2015
observations	sfw	That would suck to be a Caucasian person born in Japan, grow up there speaking Japanese. Then move to America and start learning English. People would just think you were being racist all the time. ―MilesDoog, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	That's why my code isn't working! ―FAcup, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The "&amp;" symbol looks like a man scooting across the floor on his butt. ―Tec4nom4ncer, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The "M" in "MTV" now stands for "miscellaneous." ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The "Mac" in Mac and cheese is a perfect acronym for Mac and cheese. ―watching_fucky_stuff, May 2015
observations	sfw	The "Summer of 69" song is going to kill it in 2069 ―Hiphoptimus, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The "TIL" subreddit should really be called, "today I got stuck in a wiki loop and this is what i found ―ame22, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The "Try Again" button has never fixed any error I've had on a computer ―Pantoner, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The "World's Oldest Profession" can't be prostitution because the first man to use a prostitute had to have some kind of job to pay her. ―OccamsBeard, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The "You're in good hands" guys, the Mayhem guy, Flo, the Geico Gecko, and the State Farm guy (J.K. Simmons) should team up and do a Superbowl commercial about preventing drunk driving. ―xsat2234, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The "b" in "subtle" is the most subtle b ever. ―[deleted], Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The "forgot your password" pages on websites should include their criteria on special characters, capital letters, etc. ―buzzfeed_journalist, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The "incognito tab" should look less suspicious. ―nolifelowlife, May 2015
observations	sfw	The "juice" in Starburst is just your flavored spit. ―creynolds31, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The "mac" in mac and cheese is also an acronym for "mac and cheese" ―alecsteven6, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	The "success rate" of prayer must have drastically increased after the discovery of modern medicine ―justinbibber, May 2016
observations	sfw	The "twen" in twenty is just two and ten combined. ―JTTTdude, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The "two" pun in "Dumb &amp; Dumber To" will go widely unnoticed due to many people still not knowing the difference between to/two/too. ―C-Ron, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The "unfollow" option on Facebook was the best thing to happen to that site. ―MarcusElder, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The $5 milkshake from Pulp Fiction seems reasonably priced now. ―PMmeeShopCodes, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The % of battery left on my phone at the end of a work day directly correlates to the % of work I did during said day ―P_apps, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The % of men who sit down to pee has increased exponentially since the invention of the mobile phone. ―Mingalablah, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The 'Just Say No' generation is now grown up and pushing to legalize recreational marijuana. ―SuperDadMan, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The 'c' in erect is a hard 'c' and the 'c' in flaccid is a soft 'c'. ―TheHexahedron, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	The 'old me' was younger. ―theribler, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The 'talking mirror' trope from fairy tales probably originated when a careless time-traveler was seen using a Smart phone or a tablet. ―burgerdog, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The 12 steps of alcoholics anonymous involve praying to a man who turns water into wine. ―Son0vaGlitch, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	The 3 c's in "child care centre" are all pronounced differently ―megaminxwin, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The 4 elements (Earth, Water, Air, Fire) correspond to the 4 states of matter (Solid, Liquid, Gas, Plasma.) ―Unitato666, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The AIM "away message" was the original facebook status. ―violentshapes, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The Actor, Sean Bean should have to pronounce his name either 'Seen Been', or 'Shawn Bawn', he can't have it both ways. ―SgtPembry, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	The Amish are a wonderful example of how you can be a religious fanatic and not be a menace. ―[deleted], Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The Assassin's Creed series is going to run out of time periods where it's normal to have large piles of hay lying around. ―davpurr, May 2015
observations	sfw	The Battery % on my smart phone at the end of my work shift directly reflects my actual work % for the day... ―cbrown6775, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	The Bible has the biggest book club in the world who haven't read the book. ―irish91, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The Boston Tea party turned the entire ocean into a really, really weak cup of tea. ―kairoseki, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The CEO of Amazon should change his title to 'Prime Minister' ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The Cellphone has probably destroyed the alarm clock industry. ―crobnuck, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The Cheez-It wheel is a genius. By acting immature he will never be ground up and turned into cheese snacks. ―KaptainKoala, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The Chinese should name a city 'USA' so they can label their products 'Made in USA'. ―soylent_night, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The Christian church is the world's largest book club. ―JackSomebody, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The DMV should make keychain sized driver's licenses so nobody can drive without carrying licenses by accident. ―BusterFella, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The Dalai Lama is so at peace and relaxed because he doesn't have to worry about rent, a depressing job, family drama, where his next meal is coming from and many other day-to-day worries which effect the majority of people on the planet ―mrstody, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The Deadpool post-credits scene should just be Wade eating schwarma with cardboard cutouts of the X-men. ―corgandane, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The Dothraki would have considered the Red Wedding a smashing success. ―rigel899, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The Dursleys were mean and bitter because the had been exposed to a horcrux for eleven years. ―Nashad, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The Earth is flying through space, and rotating on its axis. This means when you wake up in your bed in the morning, you're hundreds of miles away from where you got into your bed. ―tomw212, May 2015
observations	sfw	The Earth is slowly losing water via Astronaut pee. ―danielbing1, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The Ebola nurse hazmat costumes we'll be seeing everywhere tonight? Recycled Breaking Bad costumes from last year. ―MNRailTracer, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	The Empire has built 3 deaths stars, each to be the most powerful weapon in the galaxy. They have all been destroyed by x-wings. The Empire needs to invest in x-wings ―sentry0, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The Ents attacking Isengaard in LOTR is an epic depiction of paper defeating rock. ―1b1d, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	The FBI and DOJ saying "just this one iPhone" is the legal equivalent of "just the tip." ―gekokujouseikatu, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The Fat Acceptance Movement is the only movement that can be defeated by actual movement. ―InebriatedAustrian, May 2015
observations	sfw	The First Person to Discover That Parrots Can Talk Must Have Been Really Freaked Out ―Dill-usional, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	The Flintstones Christmas film takes place centuries before the very birth of Christ ―OfficialSquibble, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The Food Network should do a late night show called Drunk Cooking: sauced up famous chefs cooking their favorite drunk snacks ―Cacciamani, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	The Force Awakens is the first Star Wars movie to ever be the same number as its episode number. ―schwano, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The Four Classical Elements (Earth, Water, Air, and Fire) Match the Four States of Matter (Solid, Liquid, Gas, and Plasma). ―CaptCash, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	The Futurama quote, "If you do things right, people won't know you've done anything at all." Is literally the CIA. ―nemomnemosyne, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The Girl-Scouts should name their cookies after famous women of history. ―CannabinoidAndroid, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The Goo Goo Dolls and Lady Gaga should go on tour together and title it the "Goo Goo Gaga" tour ―Dr_Jaz, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The Google Maps car should play ice cream truck music so Street View will be filled with pictures of disappointed children. ―topherker, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The Google self-driving car should have an "I'm Feeling Lucky" button that drives you to a random location. ―CerealFlakes, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	The Google self-driving car should have an “I’m Feeling Lucky” button that drives you to a random location. ―krishnakrisha, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The Great Wall of China was intended to keep foreigners out of the country. Now, as a tourist destination, it's used to bring foreigners into the country. ―Tinfoil_Haberdashery, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The Great Wall of China was originally built to keep foreigners out, but now it's what brings foreigners in. ―Kimbo-Jo, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The Grinch stole Christmas from the Whos. Horton heard a Who. The Grinch is tiny. ―grumpyoyster, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The Hobbit was a book about the dangers of greed. The Hobbit films were ruined because of greed. ―Fly_By_Orchestra, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The Human Brain is like a Computer to which we dont have the Admin rights to. We just have a user Account with Limited access. ―Elektronator, May 2016
observations	sfw	The IRL version of lurking on Reddit is that guy at a party who stands just outside a conversation circle just to listen and occasionally chuckle. ―bobberforshamu, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The Incredibles is really dark for a kids movie. The villain murders dozens, tries to kill some parents, tries to kill some kids, kidnaps a baby, and is then shredded alive in a jet engine. ―xenomorphgirl, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The Internet is the most successful Sun-Cancer Prevention Scheme of all time. ―LastJourneyHome, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The Jackass crew should get together for a Christmas special where they recreate the traps from Home Alone 1 &amp; 2. ―whoasettastoned, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The Japanese flag could actually be a pie chart of how much of Japan is Japan ―Stealthapple, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	The Jetsons is to the Flintstones what Futurama is to the Simpsons. ―trashed_culture, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The Jurassic Park movies have ruined any possibility of there being a dinosaur theme park. ―Miamime, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The Kool-aid Man sure is lucky he never takes down any load-bearing walls when he bursts through people's homes ―jwpp, May 2016
observations	sfw	The Leaning Tower of Pisa in ITALY is ITALICISED ―PoppyLam15, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The Lego Batman movie will probably be the best reviewed DC film in a long time. ―Baconshaman, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The Lion King: The song 'I just can't wait to be king' is literally, 'I can't wait for my dad to die.' ―jck73, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The Little Mermaid is a cute story but if I were a merperson and I suddenly became a real person I'd be much more intrigued by my newfound genitals than my newfound legs. ―Sykotik, May 2014
observations	sfw	The Little Mermaid is the story of a teen girl who wants elective cosmetic surgery, because she thinks it will help her fit into a more desirable class. ―OChefsky, May 2015
observations	sfw	The Lottery is essentially crowd funding for a random person to become a multi-millionaire. ―Eagle115, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The McRib is the deadbeat dad of fast food sandwiches. It disappears for months at a time and then we're supposed to get all excited when it shows back up again. ―MrCSquared, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The Miis on your Wii have been standing in a completely empty room for years now. ―makehappyy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The Milky Way could well be the galaxy with the most milk in it ―wbyte, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The Milky Way galaxy may be the only galaxy with actual milk in it. ―makintoos, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The MythBusters expense report must look dodgy as hell to the IRS ―noftha, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The NFL should just donate all the money they spend on pink gear to the breast cancer fund. ―hbaez518, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The NSA could probably tell us when Half-Life 3 is coming out. ―Only100percent, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	The NSA is the only part of our government that listens to us. ―krypel, May 2015
observations	sfw	The NSA probably has no idea what Amish communities are doing. ―smoothlove69, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	The NSFW image color should be different if it is sexy or gory ―mango9791, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The NSFW tag doesn't change if I view a post at work, just the angle I hold my phone when I view it. ―FamousNameless16, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The NSFW tag for showerthoughts is essentially useless ―Mage_of_Shadows, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The No. 1 movie at the box office on Martin Luther King Day weekend is a movie about a sniper. ―ukiyo1, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	The Olympic Games are the biggest sporting event in the world, yet most of the sports they play are so niche that everybody forgets they exist until the next Olympics. ―arhanv, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The Olympics is one of the few times you ever see women on international television with absolutely no makeup on. ―Supervioletrays, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The Olympics should be held in one place forever so they only have to pay maintenance costs to keep it up to standards. And it should outside of any nation, similar to Vatican City. ―19sban, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The Olympics should give out Platinum medals if you manage to take first place AND break a world record doing so. ―glitch481, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The Olympics should give out platinum medals to anyone who breaks a world record ―I_enjoy_avocados, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The Olympics should have a 'For Fun' section at the end of all the games so all the athletes can try different sports. ―dublzz, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The Olympics would be so much better if YouTube or Netflix had the rights to stream them ―NISCBTFM, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The Onion is fooling you the moment you see their logo because it's actually a depiction of a shallot ―kozakandy17, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The Onion should publish a real article every year on April 1st. ―Ferguson97, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The Onion should publish one serious article just to see people try to interpret it as satire. ―quinoa_achebe, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The Pirate Bay should rename themselves to something that cannot be repeated on television. The following court cases and news coverage would be difficult to disseminate to a wide audience. ―TitaniumTurtle, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	The Pope's probably glad he gets to name himself. If the public named the Pope we'd probably end up with Popey McPopeface I. ―Art_Thendelay, May 2016
observations	sfw	The Powerpuff girls get their power from Chemical X, as in the X Chromosome. Their power is girl power. ―GreatPierre, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The President of the United States technically works from home. ―planetsalic, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The Reddit front page is the Millenial's "morning paper." ―meemeebozip, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The Rio Olympics are like the movie Titanic. We all know a disaster is coming but we are going to watch it anyway. ―ifurmothronlyknw, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The Roast of Justin Bieber should've been called The Biebercue. ―John_Redcorn126, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	The Rocky Mountains is an extremely lazy name for a mountain range. ―thatkidthatkilledit, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	The Seattle Seahawks have made it to the Super Bowl every year since marijuana was legalized in their state ―Fubar904, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	The Simpsons had a better Under the Dome story than Under the Dome. ―Hollyw0od, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The Simpsons has been on the air long enough that I've stopped identifying with the kids and started identifying with the adults ―HoserUSC, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The Simpsons' Comic Book Guy was a stereotypical neckbeard before there was a stereotype about neckbeards. ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The Song "Stacey's Mom" came out 12 years ago. It's likely Stacey is a mom herself now. I wonder if she's got it going on too. ―TheRealKaila, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The South Park episode about Jared wanting to give the kids aids has a very different meaning now. ―Lakiefe, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The Star Wars subreddit should be /r/2d2. ―Nickthegreat, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The Star Wars title crawls are still floating through space. ―William_H_Harrison, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	The Steam Summer Sale, is like the opposite of piracy. Instead of playing games you'll probably never pay for, you pay for games you'll probably never play. ―Resentful_Toucan, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The Swiss must have been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a wine bottle corkscrew on their army knife. ―TheFrederalGovt, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The Swiss must've been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a corkscrew on their army knife. ―Mukhers, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	The Taco Bell in Philadelphia should have a crack on its sign. ―missing_an_eyebrow, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	The Titanic's swimming pool is still full ―Wark_Mahlberg, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The Titanic's swimming pool is still functional. ―ptk77, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The Toys-R-Us mascot shouldn't be a giraffe, it should be a dinosaur, the "Toy-saurus." ―thedudley, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The Truman Show must've been really awkward during his teen years. ―rendezook99, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The U.S. is so young that in the distant future people will think of our current time as still the very early stages of America's birth and growth as a nation. ―calicofire, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	The U.S. should have 53 states because it's a prime number and can't be divided. Then we would truly be one nation, indivisible. ―oisdaman, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The U.S. should offer the U.K. statehood, because it would be hilarious. ―Accidental-Genius, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The U.S. should substitute a National Voting Day as a Federal Holiday in place of Columbus Day as a Federal Holiday. ―winnietheshitt, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The URL for Google in Italy is the phrase "Google It" (google.it) ―nope_bye, May 2016
observations	sfw	The US flag is almost always at half-mast now. ―gnarledout, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The US has banned Kinder Eggs but is cool with laundry detergent gel packs that look like candy. ―UhhJackieChan, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The US is the world's 'Florida man'. ―atoddlershothis, May 2016
observations	sfw	The USA doesn't have a name for their country. They just use a description and a vague location. ―chazhutton, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The USA is having so many disasters and tragedies, you'd almost think it was built on thousands of ancient Indian burial grounds ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The United States now has several territories paying taxes without receiving federal representation - exactly the reason we rebelled against England. ―TheyCallMeBrewKid, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The United States should aim for 53 states. That way it would truly be one nation, indivisible. ―tired_of_bacon, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The United States should get rid of Columbus Day and create a holiday for Federal Election Day. ―57thstreetpgh, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	The Walmart Greeters I appreciate the most are the ones who don't greet me. ―ImmAPear, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The War on Drugs probably has more POW's than any actual war. ―AceOfDrafts, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	The Westboro Baptist Church have probably seen more gay people making out than most non-members ―leefinny, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The Westboro Baptist Church should start protesting marijuana now so that it will become legal, too. ―can_a_bus, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The White Power Ranger doesn't sound like a character for a kids television show. ―Mrben13, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The Wizard of Oz is the most 'chick flick' movie ever: Its about two women fighting over a pair of shoes. ―kim-jong-skillz, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	The World's most masculine name is 'Guy Chapman' as it's effectively 'Bloke Blokebloke'. ―rekrab_eng, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	The Young Me Is The Old Me ―Ouroboros_87, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	The ability for humans to toss/throw/lob an object with a decent level of accuracy while calculating the angle, speed, distance and trajectory in a split second is incredible. ―searedbuttcheeks, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The acronym of "Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee" is "Flab Slab" ―benji9t3, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	The actor who played Jesus in Jesus Christ Super Star has been Jesus on stage (40+ years) for longer than Jesus was Jesus (33 years) ―Baldurs_Gate_Rules, May 2015
observations	sfw	The alphabet doesn't need an order ―vancar1000, May 2013
observations	sfw	The alphabet says "hi" and then immediately afterwards was kidding with "jk" ―ccooldean, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The amount of public bathroom stall graffiti has drastically declined since the widespread use of smartphones. ―IamTheFirestarter, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The amount of real world success in my Facebook friends' lives is inversely proportional to the amount of 'inspirational life advice' type images they post. ―phish_tacos, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The ancient Greeks were the first people to have showers as well as philosophers. Coincidence? I don't think so! ―iGOTaCROCODILEmate, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The app is called Tinder because you get matches. ―KBouch47, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The author of the book "American Psycho" received death threats "over the violence depicted in his writing". That means that someone, somewhere, was bothered by violence in a book and responded by literally threatening to kill the author. Oh, humanity. ―adeebchowdhury, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The average cost of a pack of smokes is approximately 9.05. At last check, a 12-pack of socks at Walmart was $10. Therefore, if I quit smoking, I could put on, and then throw away, 11 brand new pairs of socks a day. ―volitant, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The average funeral costs bestween $7,000 - $10,000, I can't even afford to die ―BookerGinger, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The average student learns calculus at a slightly younger age than when Isaac Newton discovered it. ―meltman2, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The bathrooms in Star Wars must have to be pretty versatile to suit all the different species. ―stargrown, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The battery percentage left on my phone when I get home from work is roughly equivalent to the effort level I put in while I was there. ―furrald, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The beginning of "tomorrow" and the end of "yesterday" make "today". ―guard_cow, May 2014
observations	sfw	The best barber will never be able to have the best haircut ―canihaveausername, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The best defense against someone video taping you is to blast a song from an artist serious about copyright infringement. ―EnsignN7, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The best high school teachers act like college professors. The worst college professors act like high school teachers. ―Rolk17, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The best item to protect you from sasquatch attacks is a camera. ―papertank17, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The best liar you know, probably isn't the best liar you know. ―ZappRyder, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The best part about being an adult is eating two Popsicles for breakfast. The worst part about being an adult is knowing why you shouldn't do that. ―the_llama_hunter, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The best part about being in a relationship with a very picky person is knowing that, at least in one thing, you are good enough. ―rreighe2, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	The best part about reddit is finding a poignant, mind blowing, or even heartbreaking life story, piece of advice, or whatever, then glancing up to see it was posted by titsmasher8000. ―Luke_Dogwalker, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The best part about self-driving cars is the fact they will actually use their turn signals. ―theUSpopulation, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The best part of any movie based on a true story is the part at the very end when they show pictures of the actual people the movie was about. ―humansof, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The best sign of a healthy relationship is no sign of it on Facebook. ―northwitch, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The best stalkers are the ones you don't even know you have. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The best thing about dogs is you can act like something really good just happened and they’ll instantly start celebrating. They have no idea what the context is, they're just always ready to party. ―[deleted], Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The best thing to come from 'Suicide Squad' will be the influx of Harley Quinn costumes this Halloween. ―Snowstandards, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The best time to burn down your workplace is right after someone else gets fired. ―thewritingchair, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The best way to be passive aggressive is to order a "worst trophy shop" trophy from a trophy shop and never pick it up ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The best way to dispose of a human is to throw it to pigs. The best way to dispose of a pig is to throw it to humans. ―Milosky, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	The best way to honor a woman who worked a lifetime to end human trade, is to put her on currency, so she can be legally traded..Harriet Tubman ―charper732, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The best way to insult a hipster is to tell them they look like somebody else you know. ―beeeeen, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The best way to kill a superhero is to give the rights to Fox. ―mumblybee, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The best way to refresh Reddit for new posts is to fall asleep. ―Turkey_Sammich, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The best way to ruin a moment is to try and capture it ―SmackEh, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The best/worst part of dreaming is that first fifteen seconds after waking up, when you frantically worry "What am I going to do with all those giraffes and meth?" only to slowly realize it's not an actual problem. ―trostlerp, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The better looking a girl's outfit is, the more you want to see her without it. ―got2bcarlos, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The better you look in clothes, the more people want to take them off ―Vaginer69420, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The big bang was the uncompressing of zip file. ―outpost5, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The bigger the "Download" button, the less likely it's the button you're looking for. ―ghalt77, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The bigger the tattoo of a cross, the less the person acts like a Christian. ―SavePeanut, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The biggest clickbait on Reddit is not the NSFW tag, it's "comment score below threshold" ―247NoSleep, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The biggest communication problem is we do not listen to understand, we listen to reply. ―-batwoman, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The biggest joke of SpongeBob is that he works at a fast-food place and can afford a house. ―smatef, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The biggest joke of spongebob is that he works at a fast-food place and can afford a house ―hiimchey, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The biggest lie in taco commercials is someone taking a bite of a hard shell taco &amp; it not immediately exploding in their hands. ―PoopStuckOnYourFur, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The blood you donated could possibly be another male's erection right now. ―AnalStain, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The board game Life should have a third route to take at the beginning called "Thug life" but it's not up the the player if they go or not. ―Papa_Long_Dong, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The boy scouts should sell jerky door to door. I would get excited about that. ―Stompedyourhousewith, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The brain is the only organ that knows it's an organ ―Threil, May 2015
observations	sfw	The bulk of people who advocate for "abstinence only" sexual education adhere to a belief system centered around the idea that a virgin can get pregnant. ―IntelWarrior, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The chance to be the first murderer on mars is still open. ―Invicta_Game, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The characters on Friends live in Manhattan thorugh 9/11 - and never mentioned it once ―ludivico_technique, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The charity I donated $10 to a few years back has now fully spend my money by sending me cards asking me to donate more ―AntarcticSeal, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The cities in skateboarding games are really wheelchair accessible. ―NatrixBerus, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The cleverest criminal masterminds are the ones whose stories we'll never hear. ―setsomethingablaze, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	The closest I have come to murder is holding my cookie in my milk until the bubbles stop ―ihalpk, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The company Caterpillar should start making airplanes under the name Butterfly. ―madbubers, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The complete opposite of a woman in a burka is a man wearing only a blindfold ―Sutherby, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The cost of cell phones has really ruined the hilarity of pushing your friends into the pool. ―Jklein6001, May 2016
observations	sfw	The creators of "How It's Made" should make a show about "How the Hell They Discovered That", with the origin stories of food creations, inventions, and flubs along the way ―yomifrackle, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The creators of Finding Nemo missed the ultimate fish pun by saying 'The End' rather than 'Fin' ―Grifter801, May 2015
observations	sfw	The creepiest possible thing you could see in r/creepy would be a picture of yourself, on you computer browsing reddit. ―MorrisMotion, May 2015
observations	sfw	The current generation are having "love at first sight moments" on the toilet. Thanks Tinder! ―camg55, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The cyrillic Г(G) is the logic next step in the sequence E,F, in the alphabet ―radat, May 2014
observations	sfw	The date 9/10/2016 is still 9/10/2016 if you rotate it 180 degrees. ―_kgan, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The day is already 33% complete at 8:00 AM ―karma_is_for_nerds, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The debate moderators should be able to mute the mics of both candidates in order to move on to the next subject instead of trying to talk over them. ―midjuneau, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The default setting on IMDb should hide the cast members' number of episodes in order to avoid spoilers. ―mr-graan, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The definitions of "man" and "human" should be swapped, so that "man" means all of us, and then the sub types of man are wo-man and hu-man. ―magicaxis, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	The difference between "Ladies" and "Laddies" is a D. ―RushFox, May 2015
observations	sfw	The difference between "woman" and "women" is spelled in the second syllable but pronounced in the first syllable. ―thehawkflies, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The difference between $0 and $1M seems significantly larger in my brain than the difference between $1M and $2M. ―timeformorecake, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The difference between a Million and a Billion is almost a Billion. ―SigmaEpsilonChi, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The difference between being a drop in the ocean and a unique snowflake is how cool you are. ―CLBUK, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	The difference between being a high school state champion for the 100 meter dash and being the fastest man on Earth is 1 second. ―-Lach, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The difference between revolution and treason is success or failure ―TheStankPolice, May 2016
observations	sfw	The difference between sexual harassment and flirting is how attractive the other person finds you. ―lostseahawk, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The divided symbol, ÷, is just a fraction with two dots representing numbers. ―INFLATABLE_CUCUMBER, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	The division sign ÷ represents a fraction where the dots are numbers ―butthurtflyy, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The doctors that told Stephen Hawking he had two years to live in 1963 are probably dead ―CosmicViking, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The dwarves eat all of Bilbo's food at the beginning of The Hobbit so it doesn't spoil while he's gone. ―Chatia, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	The early days of the internet was like a huge park. You browsed around, played games, learned a bit, and had to take your time. Now its like a big city, you are bombarded with ads, everyone is running, and shady people troll and try to screw you over. ―the_woot_shoot, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The easiest way to enrage someone is to tell them to relax. ―IHaveToRegister, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The easiest way to not feel alone when you are alone is to watch a scary movie ―dieingstar, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The elderly often complain about how lazy the young generation is, but the entire course of human history was spent trying to make life easy… ―WalterMatthew262, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The engineer who invented automatic doors is eternally the greatest gentleman ―IndigoMonica, May 2016
observations	sfw	The entire internet can be used to talk about the Amish behind their backs ―ImDefinitelyNotTupac, May 2016
observations	sfw	The entire point of a bayonet is to bring a knife to a gun fight. ―djcurlyfries, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The entire point of a bayonet is to bring a knife to a gunfight ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The entire purpose of a bayonet is to bring a knife to a gun fight. ―Third_Redditor_Ever, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The entire spectrum of human skin color can be found on toast. ―cryptadia, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The exact opposite of a sphere (0 corners) would be infinite corners. Which would probably look like a sphere. ―SlapmyFace, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The expression "Great Minds Think Alike" is the exact opposite of what we value great minds for. ―Calber4, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The extension on Italian websites is ".it", so google.com in Italy reads "google it" ―AZachOfTheClones, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The fact that /r/mildlyinteresting has over 10x subscribers as /r/interestingasfuck proves the advice of under promising and over delivering. ―broseidonswrath, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The fact that Google autocompletes all of my questions is an affirmation of how unoriginal all my problems are. ―526564646974_, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The fact that Google autocompletes all of my questions is an affirmation of how unoriginal all my problems are. ―afkurzz, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The fact that I can turn a knob in my house and have as much clean, fresh, potable water come out as I want is literally amazing. ―J1hubbs2H, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The fact that I can't recognize my co-workers outside of uniform 85% of the time, tells me superman knows exactly what he's doing. ―arkhamcreedsolid, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The fact that I have not yet dropped a single phone into the toilet is a miracle. ―TwoTinyTrees, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The fact that Jessica Biel decided NOT to name her son Batmo is quite a missed opportunity ―tonyvirtual, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The fact that a 4 years old kid can use an smart phone does not mean the kid is a genius, it means engineers are. ―mcmalajunta, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The fact that an ad thanking me for not using Adblock is the only one that managed to sneak through my Adblock is hilarious. ―ThisIsForRandall, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The fact that chimps share 99% of their DNA with us is really impressive until you realize that string beans share 50% of it. ―BucktheWonderSlave, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The fact that nobody won the $900 million lottery last night pretty much rules out the possibility that mankind will discover time traveling technology. ―msx8, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The fact that our arms are long enough to reach our genitals is one of the biggest things we take for granted. ―igotthepowah, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The fact that since our skins weren't warm enough, we stole the skins of other animals and wore them instead, is pretty creepy. ―aerovistae, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The fact that so many of the most successful pop artists don't even write their own songs basically makes them cover bands... ―MonsieurLeBeef, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	The fact that the "Age Discrimination in Employment Act" only applies to people over 40, is itself, age discrimination. ―phone17, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The fact that the Machines took the time to create the Matrix for us is pretty generous. ―GlassineAeroplane, May 2016
observations	sfw	The fact that the first person they suspect after someone is murdered is the spouse tells me everything I need to know about marriage. ―xproofx, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	The fact that there is a highway to hell and only a stairway to heaven says a lot about the traffic trends. ―kevinjacob, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The fact that there is only a "like" and no "dislike" button on Facebook is the equivalent of Mark Zuckerberg telling you, "If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all." ―StickyRiceLover, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The fact that there's a Highway to Hell and only a Stairway to Heaven says a lot about the expected traffic. ―Gazanova, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The fact that we differentiate school from "the real world" shows us why our school system is failing. ―Architeal, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	The fact that we have McDonald's in Wal-Mart and Starbucks in Target says a a lot about the demographics. ―solisu, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The fact that we know Chameleons even exist just proves they are failures. ―Classless_Chaps, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The factory that makes caution tape could be a really confusing place to work. ―tailanyways, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The fastest way to get me to click on a link is to warn me its NSFW. ―Eternal_Reward, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The female equivalent of sausage fest should be called a fish market. ―gbcr, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The female stereotype of putting your hands on your hips exists because none of their clothing has pockets. ―MeowsiveUndersteer, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The fence that encloses the smallest area in the world also encloses the largest. ―dreamerluce, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The file extension for a 3D printable object should be .irl ―Jimmythewhale, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The final Die Hard movie should be titled "Old Habits Die Hard" ―drewgarr, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The final e in finale is the finale of finale. ―rotten_miracles, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	The final test in marriage counseling should be to assemble an Ikea table together and then play Monopoly on it. ―Robotic_Pedant, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The first 18 years of your life is like a free demo, then it's pay to play. ―Pikachu579, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The first Pokemon that was caught was by a guy just beating it up. ―JGP793, May 2015
observations	sfw	The first President of the Moon might have already been born. ―elgroucho, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	The first Xbox is commonly referred to as Xbox 1, the third is called Xbox One. The franchise name has come full circle, which is a 360. ―tennybrains, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The first guy that paid for life insurance died never knowing if it was a scam. ―Jorogasm, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The first guy to shave his face must have freaked some people out. ―mrsinatra777, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The first guy who ever heard a parrot speak must have freaked. ―eamisagomey, May 2014
observations	sfw	The first human to hear a parrot speak probably had a hard time convincing his mates ―ellisking93, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The first human to set foot on Mars is currently a freshman in High School who has no idea of their future place in history. ―JFKinc, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	The first human to take flight was likely a cave baby snatched up by a giant bird of prey. ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The first human to watch the sun set probably thought to himself "This is not good." ―DimethyItryptamine, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The first immortal creature will probably be a lab rat ―Rolling_Times, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The first person to buy Mentos and Diet Coke as a snack was probably really surprised. ―smbrickner, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	The first person to chop a onion probably thought they were going blind. ―Pupettoloco, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The first person to have had twins must have been really freaked out ―Yoder97, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The first person to have twins must have been so confused ―IMP1017, Mar 2013
observations	sfw	The first person to make popcorn must have been seriously freaking out. ―alldayerrdaym8, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The first person to say the word cool must have been really cool because everyone started saying it. ―mcgettigan, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	The first person who copied someone was in fact very original. ―melodylucid, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	The first person who copied someone was in fact very original. ―pretentieux, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	The first rule of fight club is what prevented the movie from getting spoiled to me for the last 15 years ―FiachB7, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The first snow of the year is technically in January, and not in the fall. ―dirkandersen, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The first teacher ever never went to school. ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The first tissue in every box should be attached to the cardboard lid so it pulls out as you open the pack, rather than awkwardly grabbing 3 or 4 tissues trying to get just one. ―HeelFromDownUnder, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The first video of a human meeting an alien is going to filmed in portrait, I just know it. ―trudeau_for_milkyway, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The first woman to ever have twins must have been really confused. ―IdSporkYouSoGood, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The first word I say every year is "happy" and the last is "one" ―dope-as-heck, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The five most reassuring words ever are: "I haven't started yet either" ―bslamb22, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	The floor is the only thing that I get more scared of the further away I am from it. ―dont_worryaboutit139, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The flowers in my vase are just plants on life support. ―Cocoyster, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The food network should make a cooking show where chefs go into strangers homes and have to make the best dish possible with the available ingredients. ―majortomhanks, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The four elements: Earth, Water, Air, Fire represent the four states of matter Solid, Liquid, Gas, Plasma.. ―YoussefV, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The four most reassuring words any university student can hear are "I haven't started either" ―bfallis95, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The funniest guy in the room is usually smart, but the smartest guy in the room usually isn't very funny. ―CrispyChickenSkin, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The future will look futuristic only because we will be trying to make it look futuristic. ―CyanOyster, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The game "Kiss, Kill, or Marry" could also conceivably be called "Fork, Knife, or Spoon" ―patrickoriley, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The game 2048 will probably have a comeback in the year 2048 ―pacreams, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	The genius of Nutella isn't so much how is tastes but how the company was able to market what is basically frosting as an acceptable breakfast spread. ―Mr_Saturn1, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The good thing about being a Michael Jackson impersonator is that it doesn't matter if you're black or white ―roexpat, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The greatest impact of self driving cars will be on pranks. Your mate passes out in London after drinks, stick them in the car, shout "Aberdeen" at the computer and send them on their way. ―space-time-noodle, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The guy following Bear Grylls with heavy camera gear is way more badass than Bear Grylls himself ―questfailer, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The guy on Superman who said "Look, up in the sky! It's a bird!" seriously overreacted. ―FreddiePeterson, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	The guy who did the cinematography for the film JFK (1991), has “shot JFK” on his résumé. ―realwalkindude, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The guy who discovered coffee is kinda responsible for every other discovery too. ―JeLoc, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The guy who holds the world record for "most world records" has a lead of at least two. ―duneboggler, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The guy who made Super Size Me should've done it during a Monopoly sweepstakes ―HAVE_MRSA, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The guy who said “Look! Up in the sky! It’s a bird!” in the Superman intro was strangely excited to see a bird... ―danglyfigger, May 2016
observations	sfw	The guy who thought up the "Jar Jar Binks is a Sith Collaborator" theory on Reddit a year ago still has over 2 years of Reddit Gold left from that one post. ―ryannefromTX, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The guys version of "I shaved my legs for this" is "I washed my sheets for this". ―winklevos, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The hardest thing I ever attempted to do was to come up with a new letter of the alphabet without it sounding like the 26 that already existed ―wycliffe_andre, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The healthiest I treat my body is when I'm already ill ―sultrystag, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The healthiest marriage I've ever seen is between Gomez and Morticia Addams. ―Evajin, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The horse that was led to water but would not drink probably ended up being the same horse was that was beaten after it died. ―hannahbutt, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The human body is able to convert pizza into high fives ―JBaker68, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The human body is really quiet for everything it does. ―toasterdisciple, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The human body is the worst kind of hoarder. It keeps saving fat cells "because it might need them someday". ―Mumblix_Grumph, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The humans in Star Trek have ancestors who once watched and loved Star Wars. ―phasers_to_stun, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The hydraulic press channel is kind of the opposite of 'how it's made'... ―billrogerson, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The i is the center of the word "hurricane". ―jcc04, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The i is the center of the word "hurricane". ―potheadmed, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The iPhone is like college textbooks. Every year, they just change a few things and slap on a high price. ―achenx75, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The iconic Alien is to us what we are to apes: small, pale, big headed, and with unfathomable technology. We even abduct them for medical experiments. ―Deejer, May 2014
observations	sfw	The idea that humans are able to consider another species "over populated" is kind of arrogant. ―A_Bridgeburner, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The illuminati is the worst secret society ―aspie_god, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The important thing is that bigfoot believes in himself ―waxpatriot, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The insides of pockets should be made of the same kind of cloth used to polish phone screens. ―davematts, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The internet is full of cats because dog people go outside. ―TheYoungThresh, May 2015
observations	sfw	The internet uses many terms relating to water. I can surf the web, stream a video, or wait until my computer freezes ―Faverett, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The internet uses many terms relating to water. I can surf the web, stream a video, or wait until my computer freezes. ―r_il, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The inventor of the computer had to make it without using a computer. ―TractorMcTractor, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The inventors of Photoshop could've kept their product for themselves and had the time of their lives. ―asdg3434, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The kids in high school that you thought should never be parents usually have kids before anyone else. ―jmeltzy, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The kids in the movie Jumanji didn't know how to play Jumanji. Instead of rolling the dice and taking turns as fast as possible they sat around waiting for each turns consequence to unravel. ―qtg, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	The kind of police force that honestly can't figure out Bruce Wayne is Batman, probably serves the type of city that needs Batman ―TerdVader, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The label on my towel says "Wash before use" - this could apply to either me or the towel. ―RoonilaWazlib, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	The lady who voices the standard "you've reached the voice mailbox" message... Does she record her own VM greeting or use the standard one, which is her voice? ―robomf, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	The larger you make something out of Legos, the higher the resolution. ―yourname240, May 2014
observations	sfw	The last day of the Olympics should be all the gold medalists playing dodge ball until we have an ultimate champion. ―scarstruck4, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The last day of the Olympics should be all the gold medalists playing dodgeball until we have an ultimate champion. ―fingercup, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The last four letters in the word 'queue' are not silent; they're just waiting their turn ―PokemonRuneScape, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The last funeral won't be for the last person alive. ―360JFK, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The last human won't get a funeral ―shparty, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The last line of "Row, Row, Row Your Boat" is quite existential for a children's song. ―sp4ce, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The last person I would want giving me love and marriage advice during my wedding ceremony is a priest that has lived a life of celibacy ―ReallyUnbelievable, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The last sequence of Jaws should have ended with a black screen displaying: "Fin" ―[deleted], Mar 2014
observations	sfw	The last ten squares on the toilet roll should have "This is NOT enough for the next person!" printed on them ―isaidthisinstead, May 2016
observations	sfw	The last time I was someone's type, I was donating blood. ―HarrySeverusPotter, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The last two digits of your parent's birth year is the age you will be when they are as old as your birth year's last two digits. ―BellcampM, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	The laugh track in "How I Met Your Mother" would make more sense if it were two kids laughing, rather than a studio audience. ―Todyj8, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The laugh track in "How I Met Your Mother" would make more sense if it were two kids laughing, rather than a studio audience. ―alex_jo, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The laugh track in "How I Met Your Mother" would make more sense if it were two kids laughing, rather than a studio audience. ―medhop, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The laws that we are supposed to be aware of and abide by are so complex that there is an entire profession dedicated to understanding them ―teamrango, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The leather jacket I've been wearing for 10 years has been worn longer by me than the cow that it came from. ―Firework_Sandwich, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The less someone posts on facebook, the more I think they have a life. ―hstheay, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The less taste water has, the better it tastes. ―417guydangerous, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The letter "W" should be called "WE." It's one syllable (versus 3), rhymes with other letters like "ve" and "ze." And most importantly it's what you get when you turn "EM" upside down. ―SibTigerrr, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	The letter "c" could easily be replaced by "k" or "s" in any sirkumstanse. ―InspectorRack, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	The letter 'b' in the word 'subtle,' is. ―polydorr, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	The letter B in the word "subtle" is doing a nice job of it. ―seaweed_is_cool, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The letters in the alphabet after O and P are just O and P but with their dicks out ―[deleted], Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The level of how close you feel to someone is directly correlated to how much silence you are okay with having with them. ―Bluestar280, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The levels of coolness associated with saying "I was in a band" vs "I was in band, " are vastly different. ―Steelrain01, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The little girl from The Ring hasn't been able to kill anyone in years now that VCRs are obsolete. ―JackOfCandles, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The longer I stay at home, the more homeless I look. ―Maxaraxa, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The longer you wait for a haircut, the better deal you're getting. ―Saintjack7, May 2016
observations	sfw	The look of frustration I give my gf as she takes forever to get ready to go is the same look my dog gives me as I put on socks and shoes before being able to take him out ―Lionessandlover, May 2016
observations	sfw	The lottery is a great example of how if everyone just pitched in a couple dollars, how much money could be accumulated to get something big done. ―Skootchy, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The lottery is not a tax on people who can't do math. The people who buy tickets understand the odds of them winning millions are far better than the odds of them earning millions. ―stormreddit, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The loudest possible way to open a bag of chips is to try and do so quietly. ―steak_n_bacon, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The love of my life could have been caught in a condom. ―Cmille19, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The lyrics, "It's the end of the world as we know it" use two prononciations of "the" in the same line. ―Montaverde, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The main reason I like reddit so much is that no one I know uses it. ―SpookyItalianDish, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The manufacturer that makes "Head and Shoulders" should produce an accompanying body wash called "Knees and Toes" ―21CharactersIsntEnou, Apr 2013
observations	sfw	The meaning of life can be found in a dictionary. ―Throwoway420, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The media stopped talking about Ebola as soon as there were no more patients in the US. ―RandomUsername1337, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The middle aged equivalent to the 'walk of shame' is having to leave a public place because your child is throwing a fit. ―brawler839, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The mirror may well be the most photographed object this century. ―Nizuno, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	The missing Malaysia flight 370 is exactly what the show "Lost" would've looked like from the rest of the world's POV. ―Sac_Man10, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The mods of /r/radiohead should be called "Karma Police" ―con42scientist, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	The moment I fasten the seatbelt, I begin wearing the car ―hairmot, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The moral of "The Tortoise and the Hair" folktale is "slow and steady wins the race," but it should really just be "don't be cocky". ―mantha_ray, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The moral of Rudolph the Red nose reindeer is that no one likes you unless you're useful. ―Auvious, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The moral of the Tortoise and the Hare shouldn't be "slow and steady wins the race." The Tortoise only won because the Hare kept getting distracted. The moral should instead be "stay on task." ―primary868, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The moral of the Ugly Duckling is that everything was ok because he was actually pretty ―bluon63, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The more I light my lighter, the lighter my lighter gets until it's too light to light. ―MXXlV, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The more I think about it, the more impressed I am with the amount of human trust it takes to use a glory hole. I'd be terrified that there's someone with a pair of garden shears on the other side. ―actually_crazy_irl, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The more a musician says their name at the beginning of their songs, the less I believe in their talent. ―PhoneJazz, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The more advanced CGI becomes, the less dependable video evidence will be. ―ShireHobbit, May 2014
observations	sfw	The more attractive you are while online dating, the more likely you are to be flagged as spam. ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	sfw	The more attractive you are, the less likely you are to be corrected when you're wrong. No wonder super hot people say such dumb stuff. ―SunRaSquarePants, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The more exes you have the more names you don't have for your future child ―Vonbonnery, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The more funerals you go to, the less people will probably show up at yours. ―baubeauftragter, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The more money companies spend for longer, non skip-able YouTube ads, the less I want to use their product. ―ReallyAchieve, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The more popular this post becomes, the greater the chance that someone who has read it will be hit by a bus. ―Pop_Off_My_Diuuck, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	The more serious a relationship gets, the more casual it is ―[deleted], Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The more suicidal people, the less suicidal people ―midd420, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The more you get to know someone, the less you use their name ―thriftyshane, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The more you know about Che Guevara, the less likely you are to wear a t-shirt with his face on it. ―sleepingatlast14, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The most common animal in zoos is humans ―ahdecoy, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The most common lie I tell my girlfriend is that the spider she briefly saw 'wasn't that big' and I 'definitely got it'. ―JackBrightside, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The most dangerous thing about marijuana is getting caught with it. ―ma71in, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The most environmentally-friendly thing a person can do is not have children ―SellingSomeShit, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The most iconic villan in Indiana Jones is a large rock. ―Dolphythedolphin, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The most illegal thing I've done on drugs is just the drugs themselves. ―Goonoid, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The most realistic part of GTA V is when I'm charged $5,000 every time I go to the hospital. ―JayhawkRacer, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The most realistic part of the Age of Ultron was when Ultron decided to destroy humanity after spending some time on the internet. ―IReadYourWords, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The most relaxing thing I can imagine is Mr. Rogers interviewing Bob Ross. ―27Pianos, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The most successful "one size fits all" product ever is the toilet. ―mdcfalcon, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The most suspicious thing you can bring on an airplane is a parachute ―TheMiddleManz, May 2016
observations	sfw	The most terrifying thing about this clown thing is that there could be literally hundreds of them in just one tiny car. ―aolchows, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The most tragic victims of irony are that trees were cut down to make copies of The Lorax. ―__Corvus__, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The most tragic victims of irony are the trees cut down to make copies of The Lorax. ―Ghostaire, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The most unbelievable thing about Zombie movies/shows isn't the dead people coming back to life. It's the fact that nobody seems to have heard of zombies before. ―Ragnar---Lothbrok, May 2016
observations	sfw	The most unrealistic aspect of Spongebob Squarepants is that Spongebob and Squidward both work in fast food, yet are both homeowners with one job and lots of leisure time. ―Olivers_Dad, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The most unrealistic thing about Grand Theft Auto is that the hospital visits are only $250 ―kmad, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The most unrealistic thing about the movie Taken was that two millennial teenage girls were trying to follow a U2 tour. ―skyant, May 2015
observations	sfw	The movie "Holes" is basically "Shawshank Redemption" for kids. A man is sentenced for a crime he did not commit, is harassed then accepted by his peers, then discovers the warden abusing power for self gain. ―matthewbobsagit, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The movie "It" should be remade every 23 to 27 years with the child cast from the previous version starring as the adults in the new version ―brennan69, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The movie Snowden should be leaked online before it gets released in theaters. ―Suporia, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The movie theater might be the only place where free WiFi would be looked down upon. ―BasedRib, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The mullet was probably created to stop red necks. ―t33po, May 2016
observations	sfw	The name "Cunningham" sounds perfectly normal, yet the name "Cleverpork" would be totally weird. ―[deleted], Apr 2014
observations	sfw	The name Ariana Grande sounds like a Microsoft Word font. ―YoshiToad, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The name Nick is a nickname. ―hkarp2, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	The name of the band "Gorillaz" is a pun, because a group of gorillas is called a band. ―PerpetualCamel, May 2015
observations	sfw	The names "Chad" and "Molly" are super white, but the countries Chad and Mali are super black. ―Currently_Stoned, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The names Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint sound more made-up than Harry Potter and Ron Weasley. ―Taman_Should, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The new American Dream is having a positive net worth. ―velaxtrum, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The new Coke machines with the 100+ flavors should have a random button. ―Aezoph, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The news is basically just someone saying good evening, and then giving you a list of reasons it's not. ―Helpimstuckinreddit, May 2015
observations	sfw	The news starts with someone saying "Good evening", and then giving reasons as to why it's not. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The next season of Archer should have it where everyone confuses them with the terrorist group ISIS ―mattdell96, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The next version of Android should be named "Oranges," so we can finally compare apples to oranges. ―jonbrig, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The nice thing about pooping at a bowling alley is that nobody can tell who you are by your shoes. ―fitzlurker, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The nsfw tag is the reddit click bait ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The number "0" is literally a portal that separates the positive and negative numbers from each other ―LMN-er, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	The number 14233221 describes itself; it has one four, two threes, three twos, and two ones. ―g_kaiser96, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The number 14233221 describes itself; it has one four, two threes, three twos, and two ones. ―shalomfrommo, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The number 92 kind of looks like a person on their hands and knees. ―PiggehPerson, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The number of people born the same year as you is always decreasing. ―peeorpoo, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	The number of people older than you will never increase, but it is constantly decreasing. ―IHaveNoUsernaemIdeas, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The number of people who are older than you will never increase, but is constantly decreasing. ―MajorLeagueGreg, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The number of planets humanity has explored completely is zero. ―psaldorn, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	The numbers, in alphabetical order, go 8549176320 ―UnregisteredSarcasm, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The object of golf is to play the least amout of golf. ―HansOlavLee, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The old adage "Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life" is an ominous truth for art majors. ―munkindonuts, May 2015
observations	sfw	The old me is actually the young me. ―[deleted], Jul 2013
observations	sfw	The old me, is actually the young me. ―Goats_in_my_bum, May 2016
observations	sfw	The old saying "Money can't buy happiness" should really be "Money can't stop depression" ―Tw_raZ, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The older I get the more I envy Homer Simpson. He owns a 4bd house, has a loving and supportive wife, and job security. ―Zeyn1, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The older I get the more I realize that you're more of a rebel if you don't smoke weed or drink ―1194js, May 2016
observations	sfw	The older I get the more I realize, the professional world is extremely unprofessional. ―tweeblethescientist, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The older I get, the lamer the superpowers I want. ―Left4Donut, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The older I get, the less crazy I think my high school history teacher was for moving him and his family to New Zealand and starting a farm. ―S0journer, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The older I get, the more I pity the people who say that high school was the best years of their life ―actually_crazy_irl, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The older I get, the more I think a mostly boring life (i.e., drama-free, routine, calm) life is very much underrated. ―YodaLisa, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The older I get, the more I understand Britney Spears' 2007 meltdown. ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	sfw	The older generation probably invented the internet to keep young people indoors and off their lawns. It worked. Smart bastards. ―analest-analyst, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The older generations that complain about milenials being lazy and reclusive were the same generation that took away our fun playgrounds for not being safe enough. ―PolitelyHostile, May 2016
observations	sfw	The older that I get, the more the movie "Office Space" feels like a sad, sad reflection of life, rather than a comedy. ―DapperedGator, May 2016
observations	sfw	The oldest guy in the world breaks a world record every second ―ghroat, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The oldest person alive on Earth is also the first person alive out of 7.4 billion people. ―Almighty_H, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The oldest person on earth has been alive for every birthday of every person in the world ―SinderellaMan, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	The one thing they explicitly warn you not to do with a Q-tip is literally the only thing I have ever done with a Q-tip ―skatecarter, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The only "ads" I ever hear on Spotify are Spotify ads telling me why I should pay to remove ads ―AdventureMax, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The only animals that seem to get fat are humans or other animals raised by humans ―[deleted], May 2015
observations	sfw	The only correct answer to "Are you sleeping?" is "No." ―TitanicMan, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The only difference between "mostly sunny" and "partly cloudy" is my weatherman's outlook on life. ―motodriveby, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The only difference between Hoarders and Extreme Couponing seems to be shelving units. ―Lord_of__the_Fries, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The only difference between a regular dot and a polka-dot, is the absence or presence of other dots ―Meatman2013, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The only difference between a revolution and a civil war is who wins. ―dwaynebank, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	The only difference between intuition and paranoia is whether you're right or wrong ―Gbaby123123, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The only difference between manslaughter and mans laughter is a little space. ―misterpickles69, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	The only major black character in Breaking Bad sells crystal meth and fried chicken ―Procrasturbator11235, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The only reason I check my voicemail is to get rid of the voicemail notification on my phone. ―MentionMyName, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The only reason I know about Aleppo is because Gary Johnson didn't. ―BigDummyIsSexy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The only reason I look at a bad driver after I pass them is to see if I can confirm a stereotype. ―bommar2, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The only reason I look into other people's cars is to confirm the stereotype of their driving. ―midjuneau, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The only reason I read comments on Reddit is to find someone who has the same reaction to a post as me but can communicate their thoughts better. ―EthinicPlatypus, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The only reason I read comments on Reddit is to find someone who has the same reaction to a post as me but can communicate their thoughts more better. ―VisionLikeAHawk, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The only reason I'm watching the debate tonight is so I understand late night comedy later this week and weekend ―mattyboi4216, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The only reason celebrities always say people should "follow their dreams" is because they're part of the small percentage who were actually successful. ―RottenAnemone, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	The only reason celebrities always say people should "follow their dreams" is because they're part of the small percentage who were actually successful. ―nykcreo, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The only reason celebrities always tell people to "follow their dreams" is because they're part of the small percentage of people for whom that actually worked. ―probably_not_serious, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The only reason his name is Aquaman is because it couldn't have been Seaman. ―PunyMan9, May 2015
observations	sfw	The only reason that "shower thoughts" is even a thing is because showering is one of the very rare times that it is impossible to have your face buried in the Internet, thus enabling your capability for abstract and creative thought. ―AprilLudgate-Dwyer, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The only reason that "showerthoughts" is even a thing is because showering is one of the rare times when you have no access to the internet so therefore you have to make thoughts of your own. ―Mr_Izaiah, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The only reason that Yahoo Mail is still relevant is probably because Gmail users want a separate email account for email signups and spam mail ―Rguptaingitup, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	The only reason why we think things were built to last back in the day is because the poorly built things from back in the day don't exist anymore. ―gntrr, May 2016
observations	sfw	The only reason you think items were made better in the past (e.g. "They don't make them like they used to") is because you don't see all the trashy cheap stuff that *didn't* survive. Only the well-made items survived. ―cthulhu-kitty, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The only reason you're mad at your past self for procrastinating, is because you want to procrastinate now. ―ViktorKruchev, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The only thing I would actually pay an arm and a leg for would be a futuristic, robotic arm and a leg. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The only thing I've ever used the dickhole on my boxers for is to tell the back from the front. ―Hovercat21, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The only thing destroying reddit right now is the lack of anything actually funny or interesting making it to the front page. ―SebNat, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The only thing in life I consistently give 110% is the speed limit. ―OliverFenderbender, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The only thing keeping radio alive is automobiles. ―Solyndros, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The only thing pennies are useful for is to prevent me from getting more pennies. ―Da___Michael, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	The only things you actually have control over are muscle contractions and your inner monologue. Everything the human race has ever accomplished has come from a combination of these two things. ―sugemchuge, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	The only time I ever want to have a penny is to keep from getting more pennies ―crabbyshellfish, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The only time I press the caps lock key intentionally, is to turn it off when I pressed it by accident. ―EatsRice, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The only time I've ever used the panic button on my car key is when I accidentally press it, causing me panic. ―tdawg1911, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The only time incorrectly is spelled correctly is when its spelled incorrectly ―G_man252, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The only time the word incorrectly isn't spelled incorrectly is when it's spelled incorrectly. ―DeusExNoctis, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	The only way a minor can prove that they're responsible enough to be treated like a legal adult is to commit a serious crime. ―PinkSlip_YoureFired, May 2015
observations	sfw	The only way to actually be done with my laundry is to do it naked. ―graphXgeek, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The only way to judge a book is by the cover. Otherwise, you have to read the whole book and then decide if you want to read it. ―mrsfunkyjunk, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The only way to want half of a banana is to not want half of a banana. ―logicshock, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The opening letters of pimple and dimple are inverted, just like the things themselves. ―potatoinmymouth, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The operation to undo a zombie apocalypse should be codenamed CTRL+Z ―nikatosa, May 2015
observations	sfw	The opportunity to take my car to get washed by a bunch of bikini clad college girls seemed to be a lot more promising when I was a kid in the 80s. ―se7enx, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The opposite of "Baldwin" is "Hair-loss". ―PimpPopples, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The opposite of "Netflix and Chill" is "Steam and Loneliness" ―WorstHumanNA, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The opposite of /r/mildlyinteresting should be wildlyinteresting instead of /r/interestingasfuck ―internetcapo, May 2015
observations	sfw	The opposite of Chevy Chase is Ford Escape. ―NotFunnyAlreadyTaken, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	The opposite of an island is a lake. ―TwinTesla, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The other day when Reddit's first post was reposted, it momentarily became the first and last post on Reddit. ―[deleted], Jan 2014
observations	sfw	The other side of the river must be littered with perfect skipping stones. ―WizardSleeves118, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	The outdated slang words "square" and "radical" are opposites of each other, just like they are in math. ―q_uist, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The parental guidance feature on IMDB is for parents to see if the movie is suitable for their children, I use it to see if its suitable for me to watch with my parents ―octopish, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	The part of a man's body where the inner thighs meet the crotch should be called "cockpits" ―c0r0nawlime, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The people I hear complaining about how Millenials get trophies just for participating are members of the generation that demanded their kids get trophies just for participating. ―blenda220, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The people living in the Renaissance didn't know they were living in the Renaissance. I wonder what period future historians will call present day. ―Peekmeister, May 2016
observations	sfw	The people offended at NFL players kneeling during the National Anthem, are the same people who think this country is too easily offended ―Neyja, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The people that design bills/coins (dollar, euros etc.) are paid with their own work. ―Thaenor, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	The people upset that the Hermione Granger actor in the new play is black would be the same people in the book who are upset she's a muggle-born. ―afembotallalong, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The people who call younger generations lazy are the same people who feel inconvenienced by having to press a button for "English." ―skatecarter, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The people who died climbing Mount Everest, who's bodies can never be recovered, have the worlds most beautiful tombstone. ―Mr-Rubber-Cot, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The people who frequently make it on the front page in this sub probably have an extremely high water bill. ―littlehomie, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The people who preach abstinence as the guaranteed way to prevent pregnancy also believe in the Virgin birth. ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The people who say "Don't drink milk, it wasn't designed for humans!" are the exact same people who will tell people not to eat GMO's, which is food purposely designed for humans ―[deleted], Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The person directly in front of you is also the person that is the farthest behind you. ―SluffyD, May 2016
observations	sfw	The person who accurately predicts the end of the world will never get acknowledged for it. ―Cytolethal, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The person who coined the phrase "coined the phrase" coined the phrase. ―harleycummins, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The person who invented pizza has affected my life more than the inventor of the telescope. ―OK_Compooper, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The person who invented swimming was the first person who didn't drown ―Brians_Brian, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The person who invented the shower had shower thoughts before the shower even existed. ―pngpng32, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The person who named the belly button must have had an "outie". ―jjones217, May 2015
observations	sfw	The person who prays for God to change things thinks God has arranged matters wrong, and also thinks they can instruct God on how they should be put right. ―petermal67, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The person who programed the timer in automatic faucets should re-learn how to wash their hands. ―NotChasetipher, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The person who would proof read Hitler's speeches was a grammar Nazi. ―PhantomDukie, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	The person you’re going to spend the rest of your life with is out there creating memories that you'll hear about when you eventually meet them. ―cloudracing, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	The phrase "Do go on" contains 3 different pronunciations of the letter 'o' ―isaacandhismother, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The phrase "Don't you dare" is actually the phrase "Do not you dare". And that confuses me. ―The_Purple_Otter, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The phrase "I didn't choose the thug life, the thug life chose me" is actually a depressing statement about how people are born into gang culture and the cycle of poverty. ―OhMaaGodAmSoFatttttt, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The phrase "I love you too" can be written as "I love you &lt;3" as well. ―Snudge, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	The phrase "If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?" Is a great example of humanity's over-inflated sense of importance. ―SynopticOutlander, May 2016
observations	sfw	The phrase "It's all downhill from here" can mean both "It's easy the rest of the way" or "It's all going to get worse." ―michugana, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The phrase "No one's left" means opposite things depending on if the contraction is for "is" or "has." ―CoffeeHamster, May 2015
observations	sfw	The phrase "a penny for your thoughts" was coined in 1522; if you adjusted for inflation, I wonder how much a thought is worth today. ―chiablo, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The phrase "hanging up the phone" has lost its significance. ―this_raccoon, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	The phrase "left to our own devices" has taken on a literal meaning in the 21st century. ―UmamiDearest, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	The phrase "so easy a kid could do it" doest really apply to technology. For technology its more like "so easy grandma could do it" ―Schrodi19, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The phrase "youth is wasted on the young" should be changed to "wealth is wasted on the old." ―squidravioli, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The phrase “Don’t you dare” is actually the phrase “Do not you dare”. And that confuses me. ―JackCrow1995, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The phrases "butt dial" and "booty call" are by definition basically the same words, but mean two totally different things. ―wipedingold, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	The plagiarism section of the class syllabus is the same for every class... almost like it was copied and then pasted there... ―RetroNarwhale, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The plot of "This Is The End, Part II" should be that The Interview came out and North Korea actually nuked us. ―JerseyIsHome, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	The plural of cent is cents. The plural of sense is senses. The plural of census is censuses. ―AwesomeVark, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The police will have trouble gaining revenue once weed is legalized and there are only self driving cars on the road ―DPX106, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The poops of tomorrow are in the mouths of today. ―elfboy, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	The poor poor mods of almost every sub are going to have Star Wars spoiled for them ―Im_not_Spiderman_, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The poor soul that had to test "No tears" Shampoo until they got it right... ―Yivoe, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The pope goes to Sweden and Italy is hit by a 6.66 earthquake. ―Decestor, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The post office is amazingly cool....Me: Mr. Postman, will you take this piece of paper across the country to my friend? Him: Sure....but it will cost you... 47 cents... ―Pat1000, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The prehistoric men, the ones who discovered fire, who migrated across Earth, forming the civilizations and technology we have today, are invariably some of the most important historical figures, and we will never know their names. ―ANAL_DOG_LICKER, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The president pardoning a turkey must be a real slap in the face for the real life human beings sitting on death row. ―Spam4119, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The price of a calender should drop 8.3% every month it hasn't sold. ―BrawnyCotton, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The price of gumballs from gumball machines has been remarkably stable in the face of inflation. ―morthrow, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The problem is not people being uneducated; The problem is that they are educated just enough to believe what they've been taught. And not educated enough to question what they've been taught ―kelvinharis, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The problem of slow walking people blocking everyone else will never disappear since the ones causing the problem are the only ones not affected by it ―boludolof, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The problem with democracy is that appealing to the dumb half is as good a strategy as appealing to the smart half. ―Troppin, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The progress bar for 'safe to enter Chernobyl' hit 1% today. ―ZyklonBae, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The queen in chess is very emancipated for a game from the 6th century ―Cherego, May 2015
observations	sfw	The question "Am I as bored as you are?" can be read backwards and still make sense. ―just_blewmyself, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The question "what makes us human?" is essentially what makes us human. ―JuliTeaPot, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The quote "Life is short" makes no sense. Life is the longest thing that'll ever happen to you. ―jonbristow, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The radio in my video game has a greater variety of music than the one in my car. ―EggsundHam, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The raid at Google's HQ in Paris is literally a Google search. ―JarkAttack, May 2016
observations	sfw	The real annoyance with the loss of a headphones jack is that assholes will feel even less scrupulous to openly play sound in the bus. ―somebodybutnotyou, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The real hero of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is Will's mom because she forced him to move out of a dangerous city at the first sign of problems. ―ekmaster23, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The real heroes of Reddit are those poor, brave souls who read the articles and then explain to us why the headline is BS or clickbait ―IStillLikeChieftain, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The real reason John Stewart and Stephen Colbert left Comedy Central is to run for President in 2016 ―yungpianist, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	The real unsung hero in School Of Rock is the promoter who got about 2,000 people to a local Battle Of The Bands on a weekday morning. ―AndyVale, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The real walk of shame is when you take all the cups and plates you've been hoarding all weekend down to the kitchen. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The real winners of Pokémon GO are all the service providers that will rake it in when everyone goes over their data allowance. ―notasabretooth, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The reason "cheaters never win" is because the cheaters that did win didn't get caught. ―RocketHopper, May 2014
observations	sfw	The reason "cheaters never win" is because the cheaters that did win didn't get caught. ―jacki123, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The reason Call of Duty games never change is because war never changes. ―gagejozef, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The reason Hermione was such an "insufferable know-it-all" was so that she could explain everything about magic to the muggles reading the books. ―Dim_Innuendo, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The reason Homer Simpson has gotten more stupid over the Seasons is because of alcohol neuron death. ―Geovicsha, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	The reason I like Reddit so much is because no one from my family uses it ―Choupina, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The reason I want to get ahead in life is so that I can be lazy once and for all. ―ThoughtCondom, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The reason I'm good at talking to people who are down on themselves is because I tell them everything I've wanted to be told myself. ―Noonifer, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The reason Patrick Star is oblivious to everything is because he literally lives under a rock ―highhoping, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The reason Patrick is so clueless is because he lives under a rock ―itman290, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The reason Patrick is so clueless is because he lives under a rock. ―themeepjedi, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The reason i haven't met my soulmate is she's to busy smoking pot and browsing dank memes. ―MrOinkers, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The reason i like reddit is it gives me answer to questions i didn't even know how to ask. ―regokey, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	The reason kids are more creative is their brains have less experiences to compare to, so it has to guess to understand things. ―skeddles, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	The reason people ask questions they could easily Google is because they'd rather have a conversation about it. ―TheHeroicOnion, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The reason people got so angry about Michael Phelps doing weed is that it is harder to convince your kids that drugs are bad for you when one of the greatest athletes of all time does them, and continues to dominate. ―WeFightForever, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The reason squidward is so bad at the clarinet is probably because they are underwater.. ―Mitchell-182, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	The reason that every person who uses a Walmart bathroom seems to have explosive diarrhea is because that is the only circumstance you'd want to use a Walmart bathroom. ―Said_no_juan_ever, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The reason that four leaf clovers are so rare is that when ever someone finds one they rip it out of the ground, effectively policing the gene pool. ―Sleepy_time_wit_taco, May 2016
observations	sfw	The reason the washing machine only eats one sock is because when it eats the whole pair I never notice. ―randomThought123, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The reason they call it going to "the mall" is because instead of going to one store you go to "them all". ―allgrassstarter, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The reason they sell popcorn at the movies (instead of chips) is so that you can still hear the movie over the sound of your chewing ―ejmb393, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	The reason we are afraid of aliens abducting and harvesting humans for resources, is because that's how humans have treated anything new they have discovered themselves. ―Fersel43, May 2016
observations	sfw	The reason why Mickey Mouse has a pet dog (Pluto) is to keep cats away ―wannaswim, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The reason why cartoons took place so early on the weekends was to keep kids on a school schedule ―jamjam1090, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The reason why ghosts don't kill people in real life is because if they did, those people would become ghosts and it would become really awkward. ―SgtSlaughterEX, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The reason why lottery winners often go bankrupt is because all the financially-responsible people know that lottery tickets are a waste of money. ―Shinjigetintherobot, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The reason why most duels took place during high-noon was so neither participant had sun in their eyes. ―SpiritMountain, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The reason why tomato soup and grilled cheese is such a good combo is because it's basically the same ingredients as pizza. ―JAMALDAVIS, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The reason women seem more interested in you when you're already in a relationship is because you act more confident and naturally, since you're not trying to consciously impress them anymore. ―Gheiter, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The reason your eyes water when you yawn is because you miss your bed and it makes you sad. ―Cemil55, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The recent headline, 'TLC axes 19 Kids and Counting', is horrifying if you've never heard of that show before. ―CrankyOptimist, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The recommended age to have an Ouija board is 8+ years old. So, you need to be 21 to drink alcohol and 8 to summon the devil. ―unicorn_hardon, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The royal baby should be crowning soon. ―r3dd_dwarf, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	The rule, "There are exceptions to every rule" is the only rule without exception, making itself the exception to the rule. ―JeamBim, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The saddest part about being a cactus; is that they stand around all day with their arms stretched out, waiting for a hug that will never come. ―ThePoonRaccoon, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The sales person at a mall kiosk is the human equivalent of an internet pop-up ad. ―Electric_Evil, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The same people that need hours to text me back, are constantly on their phones when we hang out. ―Bertperson, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The same people who told us 'if you've done nothing wrong you've got nothing to hide' are the same who are saying 'where I hide my money has nothing to do with you' ―Unorofessional, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The same teachers who told me "respect your elders" were the same ones who said "respect is earned, not given". ―chronicallyfailed, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The saying "9 to 5 type job" needs to be updated to "8 to 5 type job" for a more accurate reflection of what working in Corporate America is like. ―ifurmothronlyknw, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The saying "It's easier to keep up than to catch up" is true for pretty much everything in life. Everything except Mario Kart. ―snacksthecat, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The saying "if you can't beat 'em, join 'em" is basically saying that you should join the bandwagon rather than continuing to stand up for what you believe in ―LiquidMonocle, May 2016
observations	sfw	The saying "you win some, you lose some" is only brought up when you lose one. ―NurvPulse, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The saying 'Money can't buy you happiness' should be changed to 'Money can't prevent sadness' ―HamBeetus, May 2015
observations	sfw	The saying shouldn't be "Money can't buy happiness", but rather "Money can't prevent sadness". ―Crunchisaurus, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The scroll to find my birth year on websites is getting uncomfortably long. ―depthandbloom, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The seashore is a dumb place for Sally to sell seashells ―jackman-chan, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The second "N" in "peninsula" is the greatest cockblock in the dictionary. ―the_rabble_alliance, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	The second oldest person in the world should get a world record for the longest period of time without winning a world record. ―bosco511, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The semicolon is probably now used more often in winky faces than its actual grammatical purpose. ―Solnai, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	The sentence "He laughs at nothing" both describes somebody who laughs at everything, and somebody who never laughs at all. ―candyporkandbeans, Mar 2013
observations	sfw	The sentence "NO DOGS ALLOWED; guide dogs excepted." has the same meaning as "NO DOGS ALLOWED; guide dogs accepted." even though accepted and excepted have opposite meanings ―[deleted], Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The seven Harry Potter books are the seven horcruxes. JKR put some of her soul into writing each one and she will live on forever through her writing. ―AtomikRadio, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The shape on top of the Teletubbies' heads are for colorblind people ―comphys, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The share button on reddit should say "Spreddit" ―xgalexyx, May 2014
observations	sfw	The sheer lack of child zombies in Walking Dead would mean that society was already doomed before the outbreak ―Heyitsgizmo, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The show "Are you smarter than a fifth grader" is enforcing the idea to kids that the information they are learning in school is useless in the future. ―whatAjoy, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	The show "When Animals Attack" should be called, "When Humans are Stupid and Wild Animals Act How They are Supposed to" ―[deleted], Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The sinking of the Titanic must have been a miracle to the lobsters in the kitchen. ―ElBretto, May 2014
observations	sfw	The skeleton isn't inside you, you're the brain so you're inside the skeleton ―System0falem0n, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The slowest way to die is by living. ―LaPXL8R, May 2014
observations	sfw	The slowest way to die is to live. ―Earthwire, May 2015
observations	sfw	The snooze button on your phone should get smaller and smaller each time your press it ―Genki21, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The song "Frosty the Snowman" is about an ice golem who leads kids into oncoming traffic and vows to return after the police's pursuit of him ends in his destruction. ―Klopfenpop, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	The song "Hotel California" is basically a bad Yelp review and a 3 minute guitar solo. ―GreenTard, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The song "Summer of '69" will have a major resurgence in 53 years ―DrejmeisterDrej, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The song "Take me out to the Ballgame" is sung almost exclusively by people who are already at a ballgame. ―danshapiro, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The song "happy birthday" doesn't have any verbs. ―fake_plants, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The sounds of nature that we enjoy when we're outdoors is basically every organism out there screaming "A/S/L?!" ―CQReborn, May 2016
observations	sfw	The space between "girlfriend" and "girl friend" can be called the friend zone. ―AtrociousVirtuoso, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	The space to your right is also to your left, just 24,900 miles further ―[deleted], Feb 2014
observations	sfw	The speed of a clock's second hand is exactly 1 RPM. ―FromHEREto, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The speed of a clock's second hand is exactly 1 RPM. ―retsoper123, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The speed of light exists because that's the maximum speed this simulation can buffer environments for rendering and collision detection. ―GloryBeing, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	The speed of light is 186000 miles per second. My car is 8 years old and just hit 186000 miles. So it took my car 8 years to travel as far as light does in a second. ―The_Faceless_Lion, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The star wars films are set mainly in outer space yet they've never once shown a zero gravity scene. ―jabbapage, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The story of The Tortoise and The Hare isn't that slow and steady wins the race. It's don't be arrogant and slack off. ―HillTopEconomist, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The studio that has the rights to Groundhog Day should release the movie again as Groundhog Day 2. ―TheVents2544, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The stupidest people I've met in my life had no idea they were stupid... so I could be stupid too and not know it. ―lookslikesinbad, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The subreddit for Arkansas should be r/Kansas ―AI1223, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The sun has a 100% chance of rising tomorrow, thanks to the definition of the word "tomorrow". If the sun didn't rise tomorrow, then it wouldn't be tomorrow. ―flyncx, May 2015
observations	sfw	The sun is at the bottom of the food chain ―hauntedfox, May 2015
observations	sfw	The sun's secondary job is literally moonlighting ―BillyBBone, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The superstition that walking under ladders is bad luck was probably started by guys who didn't want to get knocked off their ladders. ―ZarquonsFlatTire, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The surface of the Moon resembles the front yard of a redneck; complete with an old car, random junk and an American flag ―cujo8400, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The swimming pool in the Titanic is still full. ―Ashe225, May 2015
observations	sfw	The symbol "&amp;" looks like a man dragging his butt across the floor. ―RaeOfSunshine92, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The symbol for Christianity is a torture instrument ―Azumikkel, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The symbol of Christianity was a torture device. The Nazi symbol meant peace. ―Shadrach_Jones, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The tallest man on the planet has been every one of your heights at at least one point in his life. ―ThatsNotFroot, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	The tallest person alive has been the same height as every single person in the world at one point. ―ChemicLs_, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The tallest person alive has been the same height as every single person in the world at one point. ―r_il, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The tallest person on Earth has been the same height as every person on Earth. ―Cazcheck, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The teenagers that made fun of me in school for being nerd and playing a musical instrument are now adults who want their kids to perform like I did in school. ―skewedpan, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The term "leave things better than you found them" should also apply to the way you leave people. Seeing the garbage man, stopping to get a coffee, responding to a post on Reddit. So on and so forth. ―Sleepysam86, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The term "manhood" could be a nickname for foreskin. ―seenit3, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The term "rekt" is basically 2015's version of "pwnd" ―Matthew75126, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The term "space bar" sounds like something way cooler than it actually is. ―the_leif, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The term "studying" is a mashup of the words 'student' and 'dying'. ―Silviere, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The term 'monopoly' consists of two words that are the complete opposite of each other. ―hob_knob, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The term ASAP is quite aggressive when used, but when you break it down to what it actually means it sounds quite reasonable. ―TheFriendlyRoast, May 2016
observations	sfw	The term YOLO is anti-Hinduism ―JuiceBox65, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	The term anal bleaching is a bit crude. Why not 'change your ringtone'? ―pdfclef, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The terrorist attacks of September 11th are closer time wise to the fall of the Berlin Wall than they are to today. ―petersenman21, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	The the statement "I'm stronger than guys half my age" isn't really very impressive until you hit 40. ―zvika, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The thing that annoys me the most on Reddit is seeing other people getting onto the front page for things that I thought were obvious/boring ―wherearemyflapjacks, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The third hand on a clock is called the second hand. ―bobcat009, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The three Hobbit movies are the Star Wars prequels of this decade ―not-steve, May 2015
observations	sfw	The three most famous fictional government agents, (James Bond, Jack Bauer and Jason Bourne) all share the same initials ―sassinator1, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	The time between being potty trained and getting our period is the only break women get in their lives from wearing some form of diapers... ―LacyGray, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The time when I look the most homeless is when I'm in my home. ―UFO_o, May 2015
observations	sfw	The title of the movie "The Bourne Identity" is a play on words, because bourne is the present perfect tense of the word bear, so the title basically means "An identity one has to Bear". ―aphroninjaXD, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The title of the movie "The Day After Tomorrow" wouldn't sound nearly as intense if it was called "Two Days From Now" ―Landon_Mills, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The tone I interpret from a text is the reflection of my own insecurities with that person. ―m0nkeyfire, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The trees cut down to make Jenga blocks are repeatedly forced to relive their own death. ―MeowMixSong, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The trees cut down to make Jenga blocks are repeatedly forced to relive their own death. ―[deleted], Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The trees planted on city sidewalks should be replaced with fruit trees, so the homeless have something to eat in the summer and fall. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The true genius of South Park's gay fish joke is that people will probably be walking up to Kanye and asking him if he likes fish sticks for the rest of his life. ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The trunk of an elephant is at the front, the trunk of a tree is in the middle and the trunk of a car is at the back. ―CLBUK, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The two NBA teams in states with legal weed are called the Nuggets and the Blazers... ―arnold_palmer42, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The two main characters of the show "Veggie Tales" are a tomato and a cucumber. Neither are technically vegetables. ―KillThePromQueen, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The two musicians who have said the word "what?" the most are probably Lil' Jon and Beethoven. ―omlet_du_fromage, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	The two thing in my life that have the most to do with my health and happiness, nutrition and personal finance, were only superficially touched on in elementary school and then never addressed again throughout my education. ―TheL0nePonderer, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The two things that I resist the most in my day are going to bed at night, and getting out of bed in the morning. ―Josh_Logic, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The two worst sentences you can get are life and death ―[deleted], Mar 2014
observations	sfw	The ultimate aim of charities is to no longer be required ―BritishPenguin, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The ultimate aim of every charity is to close itself down due to it no longer being needed. ―Su1cidalduck, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	The ultimate goal of a good dating app is to be deleted. ―notamypascal, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The universe is expanding. So for every minute we delay going to the stars, our descendants will spend years and years travelling through extra empty space. ―jcolosi, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	The unspoken heroes of Reddit Karma are those who filter their subreddits by "New" instead of "hot". ―nopoonintended, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The use of birth control by responsible people is slowly replacing the human race with irresponsible people who get pregnant unintentionally. ―KellyfromLeedsUK, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The use of birth control by responsible people is slowly replacing the human race with irresponsible people who get pregnant unintentionally. ―WhiteGiant, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	The vast majority of toilet paper is either used to wipe the part of your body that smells or the part of your body that smells. ―El_Poeta_No, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The voice actor for Pikachu has had steady income for the past 20 years saying variations of just one word. ―Wakkadoo507, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The voice in my head is an exceptionally good singer ―Melodiic, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The way Floyd Mayweather ran away from Pacquiao to avoid being punched and beaten, I wonder if he now understands what its like to be married to Floyd Mayweather. ―childstardarkshadows, May 2015
observations	sfw	The way that chillies have evolved to avoid being eaten has completely backfired ―BlueD_, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The wheel that squeaks the loudest gets the grease, but the wheel that squeaks consistently gets replaced. ―Cucumber-Salad, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The whole "Don't drop the soap" joke in prisons only applies if people ignore health &amp; safety protocol by bending at the waist rather than the knees. ―George_Huxley, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The witches from Sabrina having a cat called Salem is like a Jewish family with a cat called Auschwitz. ―OldMikeyboy, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	The witches from the show "Sabrina" have a cat named Salem. That's like a Jewish family having a cat named Auschwitz. ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The woman I am most likely interested in isn't at bars or meetup, but at home watching Netflix, and there's no way I'll ever meet her. ―Soulmemories, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The woman I am most likely interested in isn't at bars or meetup, but at home watching Netflix, and there's no way I'll ever meet her. ―iHarshil, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The women that "hover" over toilet seats are the reason women feel like they need to "hover" to begin with. ―tina4free, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The word "Dude" is gender neutral. Because I'm a dude. He's a dude. She's a dude. We're all dudes. ―Awesomanti, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The word "Englishman" is polite, but the word "Chinaman" is derogatory. ―seppukuzushi, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The word "Fat" just looks like someone took a bite out of the first letter of the word "Eat". ―dunkm1n, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	The word "Language" is technically onomatopoeia. ―kittendetective, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	The word "Queue" has 4 unnecessary letters ―fired334, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	The word "Read" is like schrodinger's cat. It exists as both words until it is read by someone. ―pm_me_pizza_giftcard, May 2016
observations	sfw	The word "Verb" is a noun. ―Zappion, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	The word "bid", in lowercase letters, is vertically symmetrical, but the word "BID", in uppercase letters, is horizontally symmetrical. ―Bowch-, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The word "bumpy" is an onomatopoeia in Braille... ―GhostLincoln, May 2014
observations	sfw	The word "crescent" begins with a crescent. The word "squiggle" begins with a squiggle. The word "oval" begins with an oval. ―StormCrow1770, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	The word "girls" is 10x dirtier on a neon sign. ―milksteak-n-magnets, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	The word "illuminated" means the same thing even if you only use every third letter. ―jacoblance, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The word "nemo" is Latin for "nobody." So perhaps the eponymous character from Finding Nemo never existed. Nemo's father has a psychotic break after losing his entire family in the prologue and the rest of the film takes place in his mind. ―skyant, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The word "nun" is just the letter "n" doing a cartwheel ―ralphvigg, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The word "nun" is just the letter "n" doing a cartwheel. ―CreeperDays, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The word "nun" is just the letter "n" doing a cartwheel. ―[deleted], Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The word "prefix" has a prefix. ―steelpan, May 2014
observations	sfw	The word "shark" looks like a shark ―belbivfreeordie, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	The word "suns" is the same upside down ―PlumsNThings, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The word "symmetry" should be a palindrome. ―TheHamgurgler, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	The word "thing" and the word "night" use all the same letters, but none of the letters make the same sound in both. ―TheDutchWonder, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	The word "word" is just a word for a word. ―lotictrance, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	The word ''swims'' is the same upside down ―RitoFreak, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The word 'apart' is spelled together but means seperate. Meanwhile, 'a part' of something is spelled seperate and means together. ―Roche919, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The word 'ashtray' is pig Latin for trash. ―we_are_babcock, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	The word 'crisp' starts in the back of your mouth and moves its way to the front when you say it. ―anderboy101, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	The word 'dust' is both a noun and a verb but the verb is how you get rid of the noun. ―FireManiac58, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The word 'immature' spells 'I'm mature' ―_holdencaufield, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	The word Colonel is just a a big F U to anyone trying to learn English. ―-Krat0s-, May 2016
observations	sfw	The word Fat just looks like someone took a bite out of the first letter of the word Eat ―stumblexpert96, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The word Jewish makes it sound like you're a Jew but not really. ―drhanburger, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The word Noelle has two L's ―the_unhelpfull_fatty, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	The word OK looks like a sideways person. I've said OK my whole life and never noticed him. ―Tmaffa, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The word for symmetry should have been a palindrome. ―Hoggzeh, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	The word pueblo in Spanish means "village." The Pueblo Indians are literally the Village People. ―graaahh, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	The word “Read” is like schrodinger’s cat. It exists as both words until it is read by someone. ―dhrxv, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The words "Tokyo" and "Kyoto" can be written together infinitely, like this: Tokyotokyotokyotokyo... ―shivj80, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The words "similar" and "same" are similar, but not the same. ―fksf, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The words ''womb'' and ''tomb'' are similar orthographically and phonetically, and relate to opposite ends of our life cycles. ―[deleted], Feb 2014
observations	sfw	The words 'good' and 'evil' are both a letter from 'god' and 'devil' ―CokeSniffa, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The words in the phrase "Right Turn Only" can be arranged in any way and still make sense. ―tylerbird, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The words"on" and "off" look identical if you only see the bottom half. ―Jackalopalen, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The world in "The Matrix" was a post apocalyptic hell hole. If the machines had just asked nicely, I bet the vast majority of humanity would have happily signed up for a virtual existence. Then, the ones left over could just live in peace. Everyone wins. ―Wobbles42, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The world is not getting dumber.it's just easier for dumb people to get their thoughts heard. ―loveyouAmerica, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	The world isn't getting dumber. It's just easier for dumb people to get their thoughts heard. ―lb8ovn, May 2016
observations	sfw	The world isn't turning into a worse place, it's just become harder to hide everything considered "bad". ―TheBakedZorro, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	The world looks at Americans the way we look at texans. ―Kubrickann, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	The world needs a "bullshit blocker" app that automatically removes Facebook posts already debunked by Snopes. ―MartyMcFly7, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	The world will end on somebody's birthday. ―futureprez2016, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	The world would probably be a better place if people thought "Is it ethical?" instead of "Is it legal?" more often. ―mmmmbeeer, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	The world's best masseuse will never get the world's best massage. ―6rant, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The worst part about food poisoning is that you paid for it. ―cosmosomsoc, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	The worst part about parents who don't vaccinate is an underlying prejudice against the autistic; they'd rather risk a dead child instead of an autistic child. ―Poli_Sci_Analyst, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The worst part of Tinder is that it only helps you meet other people who are at a place in their lives where using Tinder seems like a good idea. ―Vrot-Sauce, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	The worst part of using Uber, is that I will never get to be on Cash Cab ―trithumbs, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	The worst thing about 'Suicide Squad' will be the influx of people thinking Harley Quinn and the Joker are 'relationship goals.' ―Super-Sheep, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	The worst way to break up with a Harry Potter fan would be to give them a sock. ―Triforceman555, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	The wright brothers were indirectly responsible for 9/11 ―CrayonsOfDoom, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The written question "What was the last thing you read?" always has the same answer. ―SeniorFruitTech, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	The year 2024 is closer than 2005. ―Ronaldinho52, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Theaters should have headphone jacks in their seats so you can plug in earphones if someone is being loud and distracting. ―flapjack009, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Theme parks can snap a crystal clear picture of you on a roller coaster at 70 mph, but bank cameras can't get a clear shot of a robber standing still. ―FourWordReplies, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Theme parks can take a clear photo of you on a moving roller coaster, but stores can't take a clear picture of a robber standing still.. ―lora3323, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	There are 1.2 billion cars on the road right now. One of our biggest goals is to keep them from touching. ―bikerdudend, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	There are 171 people wealthier than Elon Musk. If they all did as much as he does, we'd have audacious, world-changing ideas being announced every couple of days. ―Astrosomnia, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	There are 30,000 traffic fatalities every year in the United States and few people think twice about driving, but when just one happens in an automated car it's a major setback ―DICKNIPPLESALAD, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	There are 492 billionaires in the world. Not one of those losers has become Batman ―DarylDixion, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	There are 52 weeks in a year. If we had 13 months that would fit exactly into 4 weeks per month. Why don't we have 13 months already? ―Kingy-89, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	There are 7 billion people on the planet. If everyone is awake for 16 hours per day, then every three years, humanity collectively experiences a period of time longer than the age of the Universe. ―peter_please_answer, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	There are 8 Billion people in this world, and someone has pooped the most. ―XylophoneSkellington, May 2015
observations	sfw	There are 8 times a day (am/pm) where the time is sequential: 1:23, 2:34, 3:45, 4:56... and they are each 71 minutes apart.. ―lowdowndirtyrat, May 2014
observations	sfw	There are 80 million posts submitted to reddit per year, everyday 150 posts get to frontpage. So my chance of getting this post to frontpage is about 0.07% ―314314314, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	There are a bunch of unofficial Showerthoughts Twitter accounts with WAY more followers than us that don't give you guys any credit - help us catch up by following our official @rShowerthoughts account! ―drumcowski, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	There are a certain number of people that are the same age as you. That number can get smaller but it can never get bigger. ―Masenkololol, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	There are animals in the world that have never seen a human. ―MemoryDriven, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	There are children alive in the U.S. today who have only known a black president. ―13104598210, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	There are dogs living in foreign countries that probably understand the local language better than I do. ―[deleted], Jun 2013
observations	sfw	There are dogs that understand more Spanish than me. ―Jitszu, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	There are entire LANGUAGES of puns that I'll never get to appreciate. ―Gil_Demoono, May 2016
observations	sfw	There are hundreds of songs that I would probably love but will never hear ―LiquidMonocle, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	There are killers out there who find the special type of person out of billions of people to have a partner in crime, and I still can't find a girlfriend. ―_Belmount_, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	There are millions and millions of websites out there, and I think I use about six of them ―popdisaster00, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	There are millions of books I've already read in their entirety - I've just read the words out of order. ―dasspacemonkey, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	There are more airplanes in the sea than submarines in the sky. ―lokisto, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	There are more human nipples in the world than there are people. ―whores_in_my_head, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	There are more women named Ashley Madison than were women ON Ashley Madison ―thx1139, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	There are no Fallout 4 posts on the front page now because everybody who bothers with it, is playing it now. ―DavePost87, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	There are no Sour Patch Adults because we eat them all when they're kids. ―ChrisTaliaferro, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	There are no animals in the Pokémon world, so whenever the anime characters eat meat, they're eating Pokémon. ―Durrylad, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	There are no female minions because they reproduce asexually. The 2-eyed minions are in the process of mitosis. ―streamline57, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	There are no sour patch adults because we eat them all while they're kids. ―koller419, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	There are only two days in your lifetime that aren't 24 hours long. ―ShazamBitches, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	There are only two possibilities, as far as I see it: Either Google will someday cease to exist, like every other company in history, or it will transform into something which will be impossible to shut down. ―pennypun, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	There are over 7 billion people in the world and right now, not one of them can see me. ―yousmelllikearainbow, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	There are parents that were born in the year 2000 ―atinyturtle, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	There are places in the Australian outback where if you are there at the right time the closest person to you will be an astronaut on the ISS. ―smileedude, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	There are preachers who won't sleep tonight because they are so excited about the hellfire and brimstone sermon they have planned for tomorrow. ―wickbrand, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	There are probably epic space battles happening right now somewhere. ―tatersmith7, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	There are probably thousands of video tapes buried in time capsules that will be un-watchable because VCR's were not buried with them. ―takesthebiscuit, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	There are seven year olds in America who have never had a white president ―get_ripped_boy, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	There are so many Asians in the world and I never see pregnant Asian ladies. ―OGNicko, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	There are thousands of people who have never heard of and therefore died winning "The Game". ―kris_olis, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	There are three pronunciations of the letter 'a' in the name Abraham ―TheRealCaco, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	There are tons of skeletons in the ground wearing tuxedoes ―yearightt, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	There are too many people thinkng about Obama when they're in the shower. ―DoctorCrook, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	There are two kinds of jobs. Jobs where you shower before and jobs where you shower after. ―gamermattc89, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	There are two types of people in this world. Those who clear remaining time when they're done with the microwave, and monsters. ―Sans_Snu_Snu, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	There can be a Facebook meme I really love or agree with, but if it says "Share if you agree!", I won't share it on principle. ―SucksYouSay, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	There could have been boneless dinosaurs and we would never know about ―GeraldBWilsonJr, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	There exists a set of finite actions that, if I performed them in the correct order, would make me a millionaire in a day. I just don't know what they are. ―i_like_yoghurt, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	There exists an area so unfathomably large that humans refer to it simply as "space" ―TheGoldenLance, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	There has most likely been a time in your life in which you had an interaction with a stranger who died later that day. ―Blackbettyshamalam, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	There have been no "how I got rich" books that involve ever reading a "how I got rich" book ―JedNoonan, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	There is God and there is man, it's only a matter of who created whom ―Rybread50, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	There is a "d" in fridge but not refrigerator. ―Traiectensium, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	There is a company called Kia and a company called Nokia. I'm not sure who to believe. ―nihilo503, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	There is a dog out there that understands more Chinese than me. ―MNsquatcher, May 2016
observations	sfw	There is a family of bears that is obsessed with wiping their asses and it is known as "advertising". ―Spotunclesammy, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	There is a special kind of sadness when you are about to post something witty in the comments only to find someone has already posted a better version of what you were thinking. ―Deep_sea_king00, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	There is a teenager on Reddit right now who will become famous - causing future historians to pour over his dank memes looking for clues to write his biography. ―Hq3473, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	There is a whole generation that doesn't know that Pirates of the Caribbean was a Disneyland ride decades before it was ever a movie. ―DoubleOhOne, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	There is a whole generation who will hear Bloodhound Gang's "The Bad Touch" and not understand what "do it like they do on the Discovery Channel" means. ―tortfeasor123, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	There is a whole number that exists so large that just to speak it would take you your entire lifetime. ―mrhickey, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	There is absolutely no reason for the alphabet to be in the order it's in. ―Agree_With_You, May 2016
observations	sfw	There is an "i" in the middle of the word "hurricane" ―_Andreas_, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	There is no "i" in denial ―drewmicks, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	There is no "i" in team...there is however an "i" in 'win', 'achievement', 'prevail', 'triumph', 'first place', 'gold medalist' and 'champion'. ―Kosmozoan, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	There is no "we" in team either. ―CatchingRays, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	There is no bigger failure of purpose than eyelashes falling into your eye. ―007meow, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	There is no food that looks more appetizing than a cartoon pizza. ―Fatman6000, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	There is no time I have ever thought, 'Oh awesome, iTunes opened itself.' ―loveCards, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	There is nothing more childish than the desire to grow up ―fireysaje, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	There is nothing quite so beautiful as the spark in a person's eye when you bring up something they are passionate about. ―Swaqfaq, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	There is one day every year, where we unknowingly pass the anniversary of the day the Dinosaurs were wiped out by an asteroid. ―dewinstainleigh, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	There is one day every year, where we unknowingly pass the anniversary of the day the Dinosaurs were wiped out by an asteroid. ―mohaircashmere, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	There is probably an actual person named Jake who works at State Farm, and he probably hears a joke about it every single day. ―Dreamlite, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	There is probably someone out there literally taking a dump from 2014 to 2015 ―a_wild_lemon, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	There needs to be a YouTube series of a no-nonsense cop who watches famous scenes from Disney movies and tells us what illegal things are happening and what type of punishment they would get. ―Fanshelpmesleep, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	There needs to be a dryer setting for sheets that periodically reverses the drum spin so you don't end up with a giant burrito filled with still wet sheets. ―Amycado, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	There needs to be a fire detector that turns off when you yell "I'm just cooking". ―StarStatic, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	There needs to be a reality show like wife swap, but instead, a poor family switched places with a rich family for at least two weeks. ―anotherusername79, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	There should be Olympic paintball where countries send there special forces to compete. ―ASTROPOPE, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a "GIF" tab on Google by now... ―MountainDewGuy, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a "Getting Gas" button on your GPS or iPhone so that when you are getting off the highway to get gas, it will direct you in the right direction and not yell at you to make a U turn. ―Ricky_Ruby, May 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a "I Found A Phone" app on the lock screen of phones that the finder can input their number or an email address into and an email is sent to the owner. ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a "Kickstarter" style website for funding scientific research and initiatives. ―Konfliction, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	There should be a "NSFW Only" setting that filters out all posts that aren't labeled "NSFW" so I can see everything I missed for the day without having to feed through everything I've already seen. ―kids_wear_this_shit, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a "PC Health Day", when everybody scans for viruses and updates their drivers ―syd_barretts_cat, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a "REPOST" option on all posts. If enough people click it, the post is automatically deleted and the original post takes its place. ―kooter67, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a "blown out candle" scented candle. ―ZAGD, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	There should be a "meh" voting option on reddit, just an arrow pointing left or right, so that you can identify unread posts faster while scrolling. ―fiberkanin, May 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a "one coffee only" line at Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts. ―rambotoad, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a "pick a random episode" button on Netflix for the shows I've watched a million times. ―imhuuuuuungry, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a 'binge on' button in Netflix that automatically skips the theme song. ―storietorie, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a 'post as anonymous' option so people don't need to keep making throwaways ―ImThatMan0nTheMoon, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a 5 year marriage available. When the time is up, you could renew it, or just let it go. ―Breeze_in_the_Trees, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a Blackfish like documentary for pugs and other exotic dogs that struggle on a daily basis and are bred for our amusement. ―dagp89, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a Chrome extension that replaces any celebrity news with scientific facts ―Atreides27, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a DEFCON system for NSFW posts. ―BammaLamb, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a Margarita truck that plays mariachi as it drives around the neighborhood at night. And we would hear it and run out with our money and wait for it on the curb. I would be so happy. ―The_Dude18, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a Mario Party theme park where we can go and play real life Mario Party. It would probably be a great way to end friendships. ―Brawndo28, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a Netflix category that has the holiday episodes from all the different shows grouped together. ―scyth3rr, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a PIN you could enter into an ATM that shows you only have $23.11, in case you get robbed for all your money. ―haunter12, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a Reddit "shuffle" function to completely switch up your front page instead of seeing the same posts for hours. ―heli_elo, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a Rotten Tomatoes type site that rates critics instead of films so we know whose opinions to completely ignore. ―Phister_BeHole, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a TL;DR on terms and conditions ―Pgrol, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a TV channel that shows failed TV pilot shows that most people have never seen. ―Snizzlefry, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a Tinder for friends. I don't care about getting laid, but I'd really like a friend to play board games or go hiking with. ―aggibridges, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a YouTube channel where they take super strong acid and pour it on different stuff ―WaldoWoo, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a battle of the bands at each half time show during the nfl playoffs and the winner moves on to the super bowl show ―panoramicjazz, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a beer called "the Mondays" so you can happily say you "have a case of the Mondays." ―moxxycontin, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	There should be a beer that takes 21 years to craft and age so on your 21st birthday you can drink a beer made at the same time you were. ―BNDTxGhost, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a browser extension that changed famous names to "woman", "guy" or "human" to show how useless and ridiculous celebrity news is ―magicsebi, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a button in Reddit to 'preload' a certain amount of gigabytes of your feed before a flight. ―ramsayyy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a button next to NSFW reddit posts to open the links in the incognito mode of your browser ―i_reddit_now, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a car company named Edison that totally rips off Tesla's designs. ―Wyatt1710, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a charity that works with hospitals and Netflix to give patients a temporary Netflix subscription while hospitalized ―BaronVonPoop, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a clock repair company with the motto "If it doesn't tick, tock to us" ―supermav27, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	There should be a countdown at theaters from when the previews start until the actually movie starts, so I know if I have time to get a refill or use the bathroom before a movie ―DrewCosby, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a dating app called 'Dealbreaker' where you lead with your worst qualities so there are no surprises ―foodcarts, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a dating site called eBae ―[deleted], Jan 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a dating site called netflix and chill, and people are only matched by how similar their netflix accounts are. ―sbaker93, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a dating site that uses Drivers Licence photos, so dates will begin with low expectations ―Just4Money, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a dog toy hidden inside each dog food bag just like there were toys in Cracker Jack boxes. ―Archers_bane, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a dollar store in the UK called "Pound Town" ―zoltamatron, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a game where it starts with old school graphics and as you level up it gets better and better ―Black_dynamite55, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a game where you have to light the candles on your birthday cake and blow them out before the group can finish singing 'Happy Birthday'. That way, you have something to do instead of awkwardly sitting there. ―SunflowerSamurai_, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a hair salon for introverts where all the stylists are comfortable with silence. ―Colinmacus, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a hat store called "ALL CAPS" where the employees all yell at you ―Raptor231408, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	There should be a holiday called Galaxy Day. Where NASA shuts everything down (no light pollution) and everyone goes outside to look at the stars. ―Lenners234, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a late show where the guests are just random people, and they talk about their whole life. ―GlazedSmooth, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a lesbian version of Grindr called Mufflr ―i_dont_want_to_be_on, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a mission in the next GTA game where you show up to a drug deal, it goes exactly as planned, and then the mission just ends with everyone getting what they wanted. ―hopdevil93, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a mode on cell phones where you input how long you need the battery to last, and the phone will do everything it can to get to that point. ―iamstarbucks, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a movie about a hot college girl in love with a typical nerd. But the nerd is not in love with her. ―HitlerJackedMyStyle, May 2014
observations	sfw	There should be a movie character that appears in different movies but keeps the same appearance and name ,whilst having their own story line, like an easter egg ―User261, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a movie rating based on how awkward it would be to watch with your parents. ―[deleted], Feb 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a mute button on microwaves so that midnight snacks would be one second less stressful ―RFOX7777, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a part in an actors imdb page that says most confused with. ―MrShago, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	There should be a place that guarantees not to talk to you while giving you a haircut. ―eulertriad, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a place where people with only one foot can connect with people of that are of only the other foot so that they can collaborate when purchasing shoes and such. ―agramsey, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a restaurant called "It doesn't matter" for people to take their SO's who can't decide on what to eat. ―Lttngblt, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	There should be a reverse Angie's List where contractors can look up how customers treat people they hire ―TheClemmer, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	There should be a rule that movies can only use footage from the first 20 minutes of the film in the trailer ―GiveMeBackMySon, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a second horn in your car that is used to show appreciation for a smart driving maneuver. ―mickjagaloon, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a section on everyone's profile that shows how much karma they've given ―1TheDroneGuy1, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a show called "Are you Smarter than an Adult?" meant to put 5th graders back in their place. They'd be asked questions like "What day are taxes due?" and "Explain how the electoral college works.". ―itsallhistory, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a show called Finding People Finding Bigfoot. The premise of the show would be to dress up as Bigfoot and walk around the woods trying to get the investigators from the other show to find you. ―RockLikeWar, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a show like chopped, but for tinkerers/engineers. Instead of food you get scrap and have to make an interesting concept. ―MrLemmings, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a show like iron chef, but instead of making food they make Rube Goldberg Machines. ―BenjaminHarrisonFord, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a smoke detector that shuts off when you yell "I"m just cooking" ―Otalgia, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a sperm bank called "Get a Load of This Guy". ―FriendFoundAccount, May 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a sub called ExplainLikeImAPHD where all the 'explanations' are in ridiculous amounts of academic jargon ―pookie_wocket, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a sub where people can submit random challenges (to attempt in real life) and people reply with picture proof ―l0ngstory, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a subreddit called ELI65, for computer questions. ―ptk77, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a subreddit for road trips called "r/WeThereYet" ―Rice4LifeAZN, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	There should be a subreddit where you describe your facial characteristics and sketch artists draw what they think you look like, then you post your picture afterwards. Call it PoliceSketchme. ―McWitt, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a subreddit where you post a photo of your mother and father, and state your gender. Then, like PhotoshopBattles, people can try and make mashups to guess what you look like. ―natef34, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a superhero called Placebo-Man. He doesn't actually have any superpowers at all, he's just a normal guy that everyone thinks is a superhero. ―[deleted], Mar 2014
observations	sfw	There should be a system where you send companies proof that you purchased their product, and then you don't have to watch their commercials anymore. ―Bavles, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a take your parent to work day so that they can see what their kid has grown up to be. ―jollyhighgaint, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	There should be a technology subreddit called explainitlikeimseventy ―FourArmz, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a thing called "Secret Satan" where people draw each others names and then secretly prank each other throughout December. ―Redsunrise086, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a universal word which politely means "Sorry, I don't speak your language". ―nipplemuff, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a version of how it's made where they don't say what's being made until the end, so you can guess what it is while it's made. ―MasterENGtrainee, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a website where people can submit tl;dr of legal agreements for the apps we all use ―forreal_tho, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a website where you can enter all of your measurements and find out what clothing brands will likely fit you best. ―MixesItWithLove, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a website where you can enter all of your measurements and find out what clothing brands will likely fit you best. ―jesuschrist82, May 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a website where you can sign up and swap your Halloween costume with another person every year to save yourself money. ―gouldsplosions, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a website where you enter a location and it gives you a list of dinosaurs that lived there. ―RadioactiveWalrus, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	There should be a word for getting nostalgic about a video game, installing it, playing it for 10 minutes and getting bored because you've already finished it a hundred times and then deleting in. ―Khal_Doggo, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	There should be affordable universities for people who just want to continue learning throughout life. Not to get a degree, or a better job; just a place to learn, foster ideas and meet others who are doing the same. ―bonbonlarue, May 2016
observations	sfw	There should be an American Idol for new TV shows, where we get to vote for the shows we want to see developed based off of pilot episodes. ―Oats4days, May 2015
observations	sfw	There should be an ELI65 to help seniors around here who want to get caught up on things in the world. ―WarmSummerNight, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	There should be an Unwatch button for Netflix so I can keep watching a show after my girlfriend falls asleep and not have her get mad at me. ―omg_ketchup, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	There should be an anti-front page, where you can see the most downvoted posts of the day. ―kratomized, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	There should be an app like tinder but for jobs. Like hey you have 42 jobs that meet your qualifications near you. Then the company can swipe left for awful applications. ―CIRCLJERK_REPOST_BOT, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	There should be an app like tinder but for jobs. Like hey you have 42 jobs that meet your qualifications near you. Then the company can swipe left for awful applications. ―electrovert, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	There should be an app like tinder where you approve someone based on their interests before seeing a picture so those of us who don't want to date can just freaking find friends! ―nobodys_somebody, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	There should be an app that looks up a police officers badge number or name and lets you rate cops by professionalism and display any connected articles about them. ―aCommentAboutNothing, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	There should be an app that, if you a cross a state or national border, tells you what laws are different when you cross. ―Varryl, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	There should be an app version of the Boy Scouts for adults that teaches outdoorsman skills and gives merit badges for GPS tracked hikes and campouts. ―angruss, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	There should be an app where I can enter in my eyeglass prescription and the screen will adjust so that I don't need to wear my glasses when using my device. ―dougmacphisto1, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	There should be an average person running/swimming alongside the Olympic athletes to show just how athletic these competitors are. ―JeezusChristIII, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	There should be an email setting that allows you to set a value (lets say 50) and if you don't open an email that many times in a row it will automatically unsubscribe you from it. ―Nyxtia, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	There should be an emergency pin code for your bank account that gives out money but also notifies the police ―toughguy4x4, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	There should be an episode of Big Bang Theory where they are sitting around watching Big Bang Theory but it has different actors and they are ridiculing the scientific inaccuracies in the show they are watching. ―00wabbit, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	There should be an express line in coffee shops for those of us that only want coffee so we don't have to wait for all the ridiculous "fancy" drinks to be made ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	There should be an island or neutral country (switzerland) that hosts the Olympics and re-uses phenomenal facilities for winter and/or summer olympics. ―Jungleoboe, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	There should be an official Youtube video that establishes a baseline "loudness" so that editors can standardize it and so I don't have to change my volume constantly ―Gamesfreak13563, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	There should be an option of seeing only posts that you haven't clicked yet in your daily reddit front page. ―tesla_beats_edison, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	There should be an optional "people are sleeping" button on the microwave so stop from all the extra loud beeping. ―[deleted], Jan 2014
observations	sfw	There should be an organization that helps hoarders get rid of their things and donate it all to developing countries, called Hoarders Without Boarders ―TyreeTheGreat, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	There should be bloopers at the end of horror films to relax the viewer before sleeping ―LeDardSauvage, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	There should be bloopers at the end of horror films to relax the viewer before sleeping. ―xZEEFx, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	There should be confetti in tires so when there is a blow out it's still kind of an okay day ―Eye_Decay, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	There should be movie theaters with separate bathrooms per screen and the audio playing while you go. ―mattypanda, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	There should be paparazzi that follow the staff of TMZ around and expose their lives to the public. ―lostineurope8, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	There should be signs telling you when drug free school zones end so you know when it's OK to do drugs again. ―The_Amazing_Scrotum, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	There should by a gym where the membership fee is extremely high at the beginning of the month but you earn money back for every day you end up going and working out for at least an hour. ―mrmoo524, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	There should only be one cheerleader per team. The rest should be cheermembers. ―cokeidiot, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	There should've been a Bond film in 2007. ―itsandercontrol, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	There was a point in the past when 1 Terabyte was roughly the total amount of storage on the planet. ―Gammy37, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	There was an alien invasion of the moon in 1969. ―[deleted], May 2014
observations	sfw	There were James Bond movies released in 2006 and 2008, but not 007. ―Calber4, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	There will be a day in my life that I will be the hottest, dapperest, most handsome I've ever been and ever will be. ―SmithFire13, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	There will come a point when the word "Hurrah" is used for the final time. This will literally be The Last Hurrah. ―Gutterflame, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	There will never be any more people older than me than there are right now. ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	There will probably be an immortal mouse before there is an immortal human. ―011010110, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	There's 7.4b people on Earth, but with the advent of air travel they will never all be on Earth ―kiss_my_what, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	There's a big bag of deadly acid in the middle of my body and I'm supposed to be totally okay with that. ―Treeaza, May 2016
observations	sfw	There's a big difference between a "butt dial" and a "booty call" even though the words are interchangeable ―JustForBrowsing, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	There's a decent chance Rick Astley gave up on that girl. ―Dark_Lord_of_Baking, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	There's a kid out there who actually has the strongest dad in the world. ―Tactical__Tomato, May 2015
observations	sfw	There's a kid out there who has to go his whole life knowing he's the reason Harambe died. ―jrsiv, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	There's a little under 500 billionaires on this planet and not a single one of those losers has decided to become Batman. ―Scotb6, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	There's a massive difference between eating ramen noodles because you want to and eating them because you have to. ―thefantasticfellatio, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	There's a moment in every Redditors day where they finally click that boring looking link they've ignored this morning because everything else is already purple. ―bertonomus, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	There's a place in London with £9.00 coffee. My t-shirt cost £6. If I spilt some on my t-shirt I'd be annoyed that I'd got t-shirt on my coffee ―devonperson, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	There's a pretty good chance that I've unwittingly come across dead people's comments when browsing somewhat older reddit threads. ―NewVegasGod, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	There's enough apps for finding friends and lovers and soulmates. I want an app that helps me find my arch enemy. ―CuddlePirate420, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	There's no 'd' in 'refrigerator' but there is in 'fridge'. ―Rocketoast, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	There's no better alarm clock than a dog preparing to puke on the carpet. ―rawkus2g, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	There's no louder sound than the crunch of something you are not supposed to be eating. ―DeezNeezuts, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	There's no way for me to say that generalizations are stupid without being a hypocrite. ―doorkn00b, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	There's no way that EVERYBODY was Kung Fu fighting. ―Molloy861, May 2015
observations	sfw	There's nothing more suspicious than a clear browser history. ―uncle_drunky, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	There's nothing wrong with taking candy from a baby, because babies shouldn't be eating candy in the first place. ―dolphin-monkey, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	There's nothing you can say to a guy who's been struck by lightning multiple times to convince him that his chances of getting hit again are the same as anyone else. ―JustinAuthorAshol, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	There's probably a Shiba-Inu dog owner somewhere, who's never been on the internet and wonders why strangers point and speak like total idiots whenever he walks it. ―connorb93, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	There's probably a number between 1 and 1,000 that I've never said before. ―drain65, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	There's probably an IT guy at the Whitehouse that knows what the President faps to. ―NurseNerd, May 2015
observations	sfw	There's probably an employee named Jake who works at State Farm, who's had it with people's jokes. ―Neuronzap, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	There's probably more praying going on in a casino than in a church. ―Meiven, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	There's probably several girls that I married while on the swing set in elementary school that I never got a divorce with ―MouseRatFanClub, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	There's way less public bathroom graffiti these days due to the advent of pooping with a smartphone in hand. ―chief_dirtypants, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Theres no "d" in refrigerator but theres a "d" in fridge? ―IANAL_, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	There’s a stereotype that black people are lazy. I don’t know if that’s true, but I know white people went all the way to Africa to get out of doing work. ―[deleted], May 2014
observations	sfw	These clown sightings weren't an issue when Harambe was alive.... ―DramaticBootyBump, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	These naked humans keep getting inside me. ―ReckoningGotham, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	They *should* make another "Taken" movie, about Liam Neeson's character being under-appreciated for trying to keep his family safe. "Taken 4: Granted" ―hgbleackley, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	They Should Reboot Frozen With a Black Kid and Have Him Grow Up to be Frozone ―NikNakPattyWat, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	They better put emergency alert signals on Netflix, because nobody is going to see them on TV anymore. ―Drew1231, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	They call it Tampax 'Pearl' because you hide the tampon in your clam... ―ohgeezuguyz, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	They could replace the entire D.A.R.E. program with single viewing of Requiem for a Dream, and it would be more effective. ―Mr_Zero, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	They just discovered sharks around Greenland that have been swimming non-stop for longer than the US has been a country. ―punchymango, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	They need to make phones fully waterproof so we can start pushing people into pools again. ―Benshannaboy, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	They really missed a great opportunity by not calling a group of squid, a squad ―otp1144, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	They really need a cricket emoji, for when people don't reply to a text. ―ftrees, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	They say Taco Bell isn't real Mexican, but it does the job for half the price...that's about as Mexican as it gets. ―Loudsilences, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	They say it takes fewer muscles to smile than to frown, but it takes even less to leave your face in an expressionless mask because you're dead inside. ―geniegnee, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	They say laziness makes you fat, but being too lazy to prepare food has been a big reason for me being underweight for years. ―altermode, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	They say murdering small animals is an early warning sign of a serial killer. Luke Skywalker used to bullseye womp rats with his T-16 back home. There is something wrong in the Skywalker gene pool. ―s1ugg0, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	They should announce a sequel to Groundhog Day and just release the original. ―ImGonnaObamaYou, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	They should announce a sequel to Groundhog Day and then just re-release the original. ―FlyLikeAMouse, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	They should attach go-pro's to all the jockey's in the Grand National and then people at home could select which horse to watch during the race ―Ohalrightmate, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	They should call cowboy clothes "Ranch Dressing" ―idderzz, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	They should call it "Child Hoarders" instead of "19 Kids and Counting." ―FlotsamJetson, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	They should call the big boxes of condoms the ANTI-Family pack. ―justiceT, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	They should censor female nipples with male nipples since male nipples are apparently ok to show in media. ―LASuperdome, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	They should change the word "Gunman" to "Jackass". The news would sound so much better. "Police cornered the jackass after a long standoff." ―daspelirrojo, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	They should charge less for drinks in the drive-thru because you can't refill them. ―cassandra55, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	They should create a teenage-version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire," but instead of a million dollars, the winner gets a full scholarship to the university of their choice ―TheMiddleClass, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	They should do a sequel to Ferris Bueller's Day Off where he skips a day of work as an adult. ―ChrisTaliaferro, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	They should get rid of the "small, medium, large" sizes for things like fries and soda, and instead use calorie content. "I'd like 1500 calories of fries, a bacon cheese burger, and a liter of diet coke" ―labracadabradorr, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	They should get the scientists who work on shampoo technology to move to more important fields like cancer research. Judging by commercials, they seem to be making scientific breakthroughs at an astounding rate. ―Balfe, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	They should grow super big cucumbers so we can have pickle slices that cover our entire hamburgers. ―cffff, May 2014
observations	sfw	They should hand out a gold medal to the oldest person on earth during each olympics, because life is the toughest sport there is ―Tempematt, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	They should have a countdown on the screen in movie theaters so you know if you have time to go to the bathroom before the movie starts ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	sfw	They should have brake lights on the front of cars too, so people at intersections know if the other person is slowing down ―prezmafc, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	They should have made a remake of Ned's Declassified School Survival guide where Ned's grown up and he gives tips and tricks on how to survive college. ―ProfessorGigs, May 2015
observations	sfw	They should invent some kind of edible tape that you could use for holding down parts of different foods, like the ends of a burrito. ―Megamean09, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	They should just start using liquid soap in jails. ―ciberaj, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	They should just turn off each candidate's mic when they run over the time limit....and also taze them. ―Smashcity, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	They should make "Ferris Bueller's Day Off 2" with Matthew Broderick as a middle-aged white collar worker playing hooky from work ―spaceandtime99, May 2015
observations	sfw	They should make a Batman Shampoo, and pair it with a Conditioner Gordon. ―Panda_Kabob, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	They should make a Canadian GTA so you don't have to pay the hospital every time you die ―FostralianManifesto, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	They should make a Jurassic Park film where everyone turns up to the park and enjoys the dinosaurs safely and then returns home to submit positive online reviews ―autonova3, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	They should make a Shazam for bird calls where it identifies the kind of bird making the call. ―khklann, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	They should make a lesbian version of grindr called scissr ―THAT_WAS_TITS, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	They should make a movie about The Spanish Inquisition and release it without announcing or advertising it beforehand. ―TehKookinator, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	They should make a movie where the main character has multiple personalities. His internal monologue is narrated by Morgan Freeman when he's good, and Samuel L. Jackson when he's bad. ―DeadK4T, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	They should make a realistic expansion for The Sims, where you start off with a college degree, no house, no job and no money... You just move into your parents basement at which point the game closes and launches World of Warcraft. ―Tarnwyn, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	They should make a special reddit for bedtime, called beddit, that only lets you look at calm, peaceful happy things, not creepy or sad things. ―deiam, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	They should make a tinder for orphans and parents looking to adopt... ―blinking_cursor, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	They should make condoms that turn a certain color when you stick them into some STDs ―hrm0894, May 2015
observations	sfw	They should make episodes of How It's Made where they don't tell you what item they are making until the end. ―jzkhockey, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	They should make fun, adult-sized, adult-only playgrounds. More people would get exercise that way. ―[deleted], May 2015
observations	sfw	They should make it so if you lose your phone on vibrate you can call your number, enter a code, and it turns the ringer volume on so you can find it ―megalameusername, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	They should make little sticks that sit behind your steering wheel to help people communicate with others on the road when they want to make a turn or merge into others lane. ―flaminghotcheetos123, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	They should make realistic Gatorade commercials where hungover people try to drink it without sitting up all the way. ―SeedofEden, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	They should mark the last tissues in a box with red lines like they do with receipt paper. ―sharkis, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	They should permanently host the Olympics in Athens, so there will be no need to build new venues and it will provide a boost to the Greek economy. ―sjdr92, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	They should put a Braille dot on USB cables so you plug them in the first time every time. ―Roman_your_cousin, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	They should put a button on television remotes that fades the screen to black and rolls credits so I can tell my kids the show is over whenever the hell I want. ―thomasbomm, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	They should put alarms on car keys that go off when your car alarm goes off. ―RiddleMeThis1213, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	They should put dog toys in the bottom of bags of dog food. ―greenriver572, May 2014
observations	sfw	They should put panic buttons INSIDE cash registers, so you can press it whilst looking like you're retrieving cash ―curiousbutton, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	They should put password requirements next to the login so I can remember which variation of my password I used. ―TomtheZhang, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	They should release 2 super hero movies at the same time. One from the protagonist POV and the other from the antagonist POV. Let the audience decide who is right. ―iczk, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	They should release an album of all the photos Bender took whenever he said "Neat" and snapped away. ―kevino025, May 2016
observations	sfw	They should rename Wet Dreams to Snoregasms ―jailop, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	They should require cities to pass water and air quality minimums to be a final candidate to host the Olympics ―NorthRaptor, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	They should show regular people attempting olympic events before the athletes to remind everyone of how incredible the athletes are ―no_YOURE_sexy, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	They should stop naming hurricanes after generic first names, but instead solicit corporate sponsors who would pay a marketing fee to help offset the damage costs of the impending storm in exchange for publicity ―Incubus910, May 2016
observations	sfw	They should stop selling razors by gender and start selling them by which part of the body you are shaving. i.e. Groin razors, face razors, leg razors ―Rhin0Bug, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	They was a moment when your mother put you down and never picked you up ever again. She would (most likely) never have realised that moment. ―walkonthebeach, May 2014
observations	sfw	They're called Trojan condoms because they help you come inside safely. ―4to5sausages, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Thieves should carry handheld vacuums to scare away guard dogs ―WilliamHTaft, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Think about how dangerous and bizarre Walmart would be if it were as poorly lit as Hollister. ―Dreamlite, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Think how fortunate you are that your ancestors survived disease, war and feral beasts just so you could scroll on Reddit ―starfighter-T9, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Think of all the medieval chefs who were put to death for "poisoning" kings that had nut allergies. ―RGarret21, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	Thinking back on it, saying the pledge of allegiance every morning before school started was kind of weird and cult-like ―SellMeAllYourKarma, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	This Ahmed kid should make watches and call them terror wrists ―ThreeUrinalCakes, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	This Halloween they should make Google's homepage "Ghoulgle" ―TheIncredibleD, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	This Olympics is on track to be the worst Olympics in history and we already have a Nazi Hosted Olympics in the books. ―Da_hypnotoad, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	This afternoon, this sub is going to blow up. ―3kindsofsalt, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	This century is already 15% over. ―Mumblix_Grumph, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	This entire month is pi month. ―kakacha, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	This generation's kids will grow up thinking the guy on Newman's Own salad dressing is just another fictional mascot ―fatstupidbaby, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	This is likely the first world conflict where refugees look forward to boarding German trains. ―Throckmorton_Left, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	This is probably the first time in history where men are wanting to see a movie about a teddy bear, and women want to see a movie about strippers. ―Turkinator25, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	This is the first time I have made it through the month of October without hearing "Monster Mash" once. ―Skullkid9, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	This is the most engaged America has been in a debate about color in a long time ―herrinfold, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	This is the most recent sentence you have read. ―AlfenPotatoes, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	This is the only subreddit where it pretty much requires that you were naked when thinking of a post, but the post has nothing to do with you being naked. ―MasterJuanB, May 2013
observations	sfw	This isn't NSFW but will be flagged as such because bots don't understand double negatives. ―portajohnjackoff, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	This sub is gonna become much more active once waterproof phones become the standard. ―Mr_Fabulou5, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	This sub is very popular yet completely karmaless ―nicksnare, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	This subreddit is one of the few I can thoroughly enjoy without ever opening the posts. ―benjancewicz, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	This subreddit would be way more popular if we all had waterproof phones. ―ParadoxianKings, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	This time next month it'll be March. ―PowerMac_G4, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	This would be the absolute perfect time to actually rob Ryan Lochte. ―ottsteve, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	This year's Penn State graduating class will be PEN15 ―augustella, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Those "please disable adblock" messages are just ads for ads. ―BatmansParentsAreDed, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Those custom child bedrooms made in Extreme Makeover Home Edition must suck for the teenagers that live in them now ―Klein259, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Those who are applying to optometry school for the upcoming year will be the Class of "2020" ―Ometrist, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Those who make a big deal out of people sharing 99% of genes with chimps don't mention that people also share 50% of genes with bananas ―jursla, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Thought from my Grandfather today, 'Life was tough then, but society is harder now' ―AustraliaCant, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Threads are called threads because they are on the web ―scyiia, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Threatening to call the cops is the adult version of saying "I'm telling on you." ―ThisIsPhantomhive, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Throughout all my years working construction, I've never once used a piece of construction paper. ―thehangoverer, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Tiger Woods is a terrifying golf opponent, but an even more terrifying golf location ―Pastyourbedtime, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Tim Curry is British, famous in the US, and 69 years old. He must be bricking it. ―khmertommie, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Time could be freezing for billions of years every five minutes and we would have no idea. ―iSuckAtCreativity, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Time is said to heal all wounds, but it also literally kills everyone and everything. ―FFF_in_WY, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Time machines need to be teleportation machines also because otherwise you'll end up in the middle of space while the earth has orbited somewhere else entirely. ―evictor, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Time travel either has always existed, or it never will. ―codydf, May 2016
observations	sfw	Time travel might be discovered before it's invented ―HeyItsMascot, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Timmy Turner turned 23 yesterday. That means he's old enough to have kids who have fairy godparents. ―zeppelin1234, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Tinder and Spotify should pair up and match you with people who listen to the same music as you. ―MAG_Reloaded, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Tinfoil hatters probably thought it was a huge conspiracy when tin was replaced with aluminum. ―mwhaskin, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Tipping your waiter is like paying shipping and handling for your food. ―ChickenTitilater, May 2016
observations	sfw	Titanic was released 85 years after the incident and was a loved movie. I wonder if in 2096 it would be acceptable to make a love story of 9/11 ―Captainmcspanky, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	To a dog, farts are just long distance handshakes. ―Diabetic_Clam, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	To a fish a catch and release is much like an alien abduction. ―rotten_miracles, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	To aliens, earth must look like that desperate loser that keeps sending messages nobody responds to and cant take a hint. ―Vilinbynecesity, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	To an illiterate person, alphabet soup, is just weird noodles. ―DocYoshi, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	To announce who the new Batman was they should have released an image of the actor in costume then have people work out who he is from the face to see if Batman's disguise is good enough. ―do0_, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	To ask, "If we evolved from apes, then why are there still apes?" is akin to asking, "If America was colonized by the British, then why are there still British?" ―BuddhistAurelius, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	To be called inconsistent, you have to be consistently inconsistent. Making you consistent. ―P_apps, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	To clean something you must get another thing dirty. ―vansevs, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	To date, I still haven't heard a better version of Hallelujah than the one on the Shrek soundtrack. ―NotSoCheezyReddit, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	To deaf people, cats vibrate when happy. ―capable_basilisk, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	To find a needle in a haystack all you have to do is burn down the haystack. ―WizardsandStuff, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	To get laid is good. To get off is good. To get laid off is bad. ―mengesha, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	To market to teenagers, Febreeze should make a hidden camera commercial where they fill a car full of weed and spray it with Febreeze, then get parents to say the car smells like flowers. ―IndianaPwns97, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	To me, everyone on Reddit has the same sounding voice. ―tyson1988, May 2015
observations	sfw	To most Christians the Bible is like a software user agreement. They don't actually read it; they just scroll to the end and click "I agree." ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	To most of the girls of /r/gonewild their face is their most private part. ―Engineered_Strong, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	To save the Panda from extinction, we need to start eating them. If there was a market for panda, someone somewhere would get them to breed, no question. ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	sfw	To sleep, you have to pretend to be asleep until you actually are ―Luz53, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	To the dinosaurs, we live in a post-apocalyptic future. ―Jayfeather69, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	To the guy that invented zero, thanks for nothing ―[deleted], Sep 2016
observations	sfw	To the man who put a 'B' in 'subtle', bravo. ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Toasters should be transparent, so you can see how toasted your bread is before it burns ―Fedy_Fedora, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Tobacco companies kill their best customers and condom companies kill their future customers. ―FourWordReplies, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Tobacco companies kill their best customers ―Akshaaay, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Tobacco companies should be leading in the search for a cancer cure. The day after a cure is found, sales of cigarettes are going to go up by 500,000% from the millions of us that quit for health / longevity reasons. ―evoic, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Today I beat my personal record for most days lived ―Elronnd, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Today I broke my personal best Record for most consecutive days lived. ―GravyWagon, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Today I looked down and could see my chest actually move a little bit from my heartbeat. Being alive is pretty interesting when you stop to actually look at it. ―IceArrows, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Today I turn 23. Since 23 is a prime number, I'm literally in the prime of my youth. ―ConstantlyTodash, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Today I watched TV on the internet, played a VR game on my phone, smoked weed ordered online and made a grocery order which arrived at my door in 2 hours. It truly is the future. ―Llama-Farmer, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Today a blimp's only purpose is to make you go "hey it's a blimp" ―FricasseeingRabbit, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Today earphones have replaced hats. You take them off only when you meet someone you have respect for. ―sumiranj, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Today i went To The toliet without my phone and there 112 tiles in the bathroom ―paechoul, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Today is Mario day. MAR 10. MAR10 ―Pillow_Fucker_Jones, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Today is Thursday, a day named after the Nordic God, Thor. To celebrate, I will be drinking heavily and throwing hammers at my coworkers. ―OfficialKimboSlice, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Today is like 4/20 for alcoholics ―Tyrantt_47, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Today is the only day of the year that's a command. March 4th ―superfly355, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Today is the worst Monday of the year for everyone, so far ―jrinco11, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Today is today's birthday. ―Vexal_, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Today my shampoo, conditioner, and body wash all ran out simultaneously. That'll probably never happen again as long as I live. ―mt_dewsky, May 2016
observations	sfw	Today on 11/11, Europeans and Americans don't confuse each other about what date it is. ―[deleted], Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Today reddit thought that the over stock of french fries was more interesting than discovering a new potentially habitable planet. ―mathisntfun, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Today there are probably more hungover homosexuals than any time in human history. ―Papi_Queso, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Today was the most important day in somebody's life, and all I did was browse reddit. ―HCM4, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Today would be a terrible day to introduce an overweight friend to Reddit. ―thearcticcat, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Today's date (2-20-2015) looks like it's stuttering ―OnceAteABurgerAMA, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Today's date (2-20-2016) sounds like it's stuttering ―Teves3D, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Today's date is 100/1000/10000 in binary. ―AnObsessedRedditor, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Today's date is 2²/3²/4². ―DJ-Tom-3, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Today's date is a palindrome. 6-10-2016 ―_atsu, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Today's date is palindrome. 5-10-2015. ―The-SpaceGuy, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Today, Hannah Montana would be Miley Cyrus' mild-mannered alter ego. ―Redmonkey292, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Today, the girl next to me was doing a good job and I thought in my head, "She's doing good." Then in my head, I corrected myself: "She's doing well." Then I remembered we're at a non-profit so this is probably the first time I've seen both apply. ―jmwbb, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Toddlers and Tiaras seems like it's both a prequel and sequel to 16 and Pregnant ―trep88, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Together, the Black Keys and the White Stripes could form a super band called the Grand Piano. ―prettyfly4aRyguy, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Toilet paper should be free and have advertising printed on it. ―catchyphrase, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Toilet seats should have a step like a garbage can that lifts the seat up for males. ―kylebyrne, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Toilets are perfectly designed to act as fart amplifiers ―Theeocene, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Toilets should have a foot pedal to lift the seat, like trash cans. ―HumanQualities, May 2013
observations	sfw	Tolkien died in 1973. Turn that around and you get 3791. Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky,Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone,Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die,One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne. ―Elijahs-Wood, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Tom Cruise is 53 years old. His first wife is now 59. His second wife is now 48. His third wife is now 36. His current girlfriend is 22. Soon he will be dating a prepubescent girl. (Or boy.) ―girlminuslife, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Tom Cruise predominantly plays characters that fight / kill aliens, but is a member of a religion that worships aliens as deities. ―imherefornews, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Tom Hanks could easily choose to sign off a letter with just - Thanks ―couching_potato, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Tom had to be the dumbest if he got a whole new level of foolery named after him. ―CommissionerSnakes, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Tomorrow I graduate. In all likelihood at least one picture taken will be used at my funeral to remember me. Tomorrow I pose for my funeral. ―Favoritecolorsreddit, May 2015
observations	sfw	Tomorrow at 8:25pm and 30 seconds, it will be 5/10/15 20:25:30 ―orangejuice456, May 2015
observations	sfw	Tomorrow is the last sequential date of the century - ending an 11-year run. 12/13/14. The first being 01/02/03. Many of us may never see a date like this again in our lifetimes. ―Kdottdotv, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Tomorrow's date (04 Aug 16) is 2^2 / 2^3 / 2^4 ―i_have_an_account, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Tomorrow's date will be 2^2/2^3/2^4. ―nalafish, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Tomorrow, /r/TIFU will be flooded with people's pranks gone horribly wrong. ―_Lazyland_, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Tony Stark is an atheist, yet one of his friends is literally a god. ―earlofspain, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Too often I close an interesting thread because I wasn't satisfied with the top comment. ―Erolone, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Tooth brushing = skeleton polishing ―calisuper, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Toothpaste manufacturers: why don't you release a toothpaste that does "everything" instead of making me feel guilty about choosing which aspect of my teeth i'm neglecting everytime i buy a specific toothpaste? ―frankreynoldsisgod, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Top 40 radio sucks because the same 6 artists sing 100 songs; Christmas music sucks because 100 artists sing the same 6 songs. ―mr_oof, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Touch-free soap dispensers are pretty pointless if the soap actually works. ―AbeLincolnsFreckles, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Toys R Us should change their mascot from a giraffe to a dinosaur, a "Toysaurus". ―Tk_Fury, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Toys R Us should change their mascot from a giraffe to a dinosaur, a "Toysaurus". ―efficientlyobvious, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Trademarking is the adult version of "I called it first" ―emptybrochure, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Trailer Park Boys are the adult version of Ed, Edd &amp; Eddy. Three nutjobs try a bunch of schemes to get rich, and almost always fail hilariously. ―Yiazmad, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Traveling is just a real world type of DLC: you pay a bunch of money to unlock a part of the game that you couldn't get to otherwise. ―MasterOfAnalogies, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Tree houses force trees to hold up the corpses of their fallen brothers and let children play inside of them. ―j_birdy, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Trees are just backwards lungs. Both functionally, and structurally. ―Longscope, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Trees live underground and use the above-ground part as a snorkel. ―lacrimalicious, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Trophy wives are prostitutes that are paid a salary instead of hourly. ―DrDrewBlood, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	True Embarrassment lies within your first email address ―UdtaPunjab, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	True friends say good things behind your back and bad things to your face. ―WellEndowedDragon, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Try to change the volume of your thoughts. Its always the same. ―MindOfPaper, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Trying to convince people that something needs to be done about climate change feels oddly similar to trying to convince people to help clean up at a party in progress. ―wompt, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Trying to get rich by playing the lottery is like trying to commit suicide by flying on commercial airlines. ―H3llShadow, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Trying to get rich by winning the lottery is like trying to commit suicide by flying on commercial airlines. ―Jaek0, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Trying to lose a game of rock-paper-scissors is just as hard as trying to win. ―Tarantasaurusrekt, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Turning 20 means I have now beaten teen pregnancy. ―riuseche, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Turning off your alarm is like accepting the day's terms and conditions. ―trentley, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Turning up the volume is like zooming in, but with sound. ―goingforth, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Twilight is a series of books where a teenage girl tries to make up her mind if bestiality is better than necrophilia. ―Zykium, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Twitter makes me like people I've never met. Facebook makes me hate people I used to like. ―Magsays, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Two babies born at the same time on different sides of the world would have different birthdays. ―ellosmello, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Two days ago I was 17, next year I'll be 20. Only people born on December, 31st can make this claim. ―ronniedude, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Two decades ago, our internet couldn't work without our phones. Today our phones can't work without the internet. ―adityadragoniyer, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Two of the biggest problems after a hurricane are not having enough water and having way too much water. ―AlexTwice, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Two people can be born at the exact same time yet have different birthdays because of time zones. ―Faphgeng, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Two people could be born at exactly the same time, but have different birthdays due to the timezones. ―Maximuso, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	U2 were able to get on to everyone's iPhones, but the FBI cannot. ―imstaceysdad, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	US grenades are shaped like baseballs because it's something young soldiers would have experience throwing. The next generation of grenades should be shaped like X-Box controllers. ―ZizeksHobobeard, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	USA is like your hipster friend who hates mainstream stuff like soccer and the metric system. ―_new_username_, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	USA vs. Germany... England vs. Japan... The women's world cup is getting a little bit WWIIish ―decomposition_major, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	USB sounds like a backup in case the USA fails. ―Fivelon, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Uber should have a "no small talk" option when requesting a car ―theycallmepdf, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Uber should have a senior discount so elderly people wouldn't have to drive if they feel like they can't drive safely ―Delica, May 2016
observations	sfw	Uber should have a service called Muber, which has drivers with big cars who are willing to help you carry stuff and move. ―Gringou, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Uber' Ad campaign should be, "Feel free to get Uber drunk tonight" ―TheRetroVideogamers, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Ugly Christmas sweaters were only interesting when they weren't intentionally ugly. Ugly Christmas sweater parties essentially killed ugly Christmas sweater parties. ―dave, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Underwear should be sold in packs of seven... ―Smokester_, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Universities should be free upfront and take 10% of your earnings for the first 10 years of your career. So they would be motivated to teach you useful stuff. ―JesseIMcLennan, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Unless life also hands you sugar and water, your lemonade is going to suck. ―-iamverysmart-, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Unless you do your laundry naked, your laundry will never be truly all done. ―snankiss, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Unless you're a celebrity, Twitter is like talking to yourself in a crowded room. ―Sir_Vyvin, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Unless you're a celebrity, Twitter is like talking to yourself in a crowded room. ―planetsalic, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Until the first sound recorder, no one is history would have know that their voice doesn't sound how it does in their head ―elbartorama, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Unvaccinated children are less likely to be autistic because they are more likely to be dead ―likewang, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Up until you died, being a taste tester for the king probably wasn't that bad of a job ―elcielo17, May 2016
observations	sfw	Up voting something that has already made it to the front page is like giving Bill gates a dollar. ―Array2912, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Urban Dictionary is nice, but I could really use an Urban Thesaurus. ―clarkbarniner, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Urban Dictionary will someday be a valuable resource to anthropologists studying the 21st century ―Lonelyshoelace, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Usain Bolt, has had less than 5 and a half minutes of "game time" in his whole Olympic career. About the same as injury time added to the average football game. ―misinterpreddit, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Using Internet Explorer to download Chrome is like the mob making people dig their own grave ―Ironicopinion, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Using energy from a wind farm to power a fan is like shipping wind long distance. ―Wasabi_Nasal_Spray, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Using glasses after 18 years of not knowing you needed them is like getting a next generation graphics boost. I knew stuff had texture, but I didn't realize it was so detailed. ―IMCHAPIN, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Using solar panels to power an air conditioning unit is like using the Sun's power against itself. ―AMagnificentBiscuit, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Using swype keyboards is like texting in cursive. ―jesteruga, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Using the flashlight on my 1% charged phone to find the charger is basically the premise of Suicide Squad. ―bmills2, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Using your old laptop to research buying a new one is like asking it to dig its own grave ―WorthierCaptor, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Using your smartphone to research your next smartphone is like asking your girlfriend which of her friends you should date next. ―marriedtoacanadian, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Usually while watching How Its Made I wonder how the machines are made that make the product. ―kopacetix, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	V, The Roman numeral for 5, is the top half of X, the Roman numeral for 10. ―BeardThunder, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Valentine's Day tomorrow, everybody is gonna be waking up to cute paragraphs &amp; I'm gonna be waking up to "100% charged" and "update iCloud storage" ―Lancewastaken, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Valve (Steam) should put machines like Coinstar in GameStop and at malls so that you can put your loose change into your Steam Wallet. ―Aegon_Blackfyre, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Vampires are intelligent but to kill them you destroy their heart, zombies are mindless but to kill them you destroy their brain. ―badgerteacher, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Vampires are pretty well-groomed considering they did it all without a mirror. ―sintral, May 2015
observations	sfw	Vampires don't like sunlight but moonlight is actually also sunlight ―B3yondL, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Vampires only suck your blood for Vitamin D because they can't go out in the sun themselves. ―CaptainSkull22, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Vampires only suck your blood for Vitamin D because they can't go out in the sun themselves. ―LatherMeInPoo, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Vampires should be called hemogoblins. ―viceroyofmontecristo, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Vaping without nicotine is basically sucking on a pacifier for adults ―akanet, May 2016
observations	sfw	Veins are like silly straws for vampires ―I_says_to_Mabel, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Ventriloquists can probably hold a conversation with their dentist through an appointment ―Cookingsouls, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Very few things on Reddit are as useless as the NSFW tag on shower thoughts. ―BudYetWiser, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Viagra should be classified as a hard drug. ―Urgullibl, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Victoria is living the dream we all have when we get fired - that the company that fired us will instantly and fantastically fall apart. ―cliffordcat, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Victoria should do an AMA explaining why she was let go ―Kresbot, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Video Games from my childhood get less nostalgic as I progress through the game because I was never able to get this far when I was younger. ―i_ate_a_cookie, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Video game monsters always carry gold because that's what the villain paid them to kill you. ―protagonizer, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Videos of people driving and snapchatting should be enough evidence to suspend or revoke licenses. ―unusualnoise, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Virgin drinks should all be served with a cherry. ―teachrdan, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Virginity is the one thing in the world where people actively seek someone with zero experience as if that would somehow make them more qualified for the task. ―Dirtydeedsinc, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Volcanoes are basically just Earth's zits. ―mayonnaise_man, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Voldemort was 71 when he died and the average life span in the the UK is 80 years, so had Voldemort not searched for eternal life he probably would have actually lived longer. ―geschichte1, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Voldemort was 71 when he died and the average life span in the the UK is 80 years, so had Voldemort not searched for eternal life he probably would have actually lived longer. ―r_il, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	WWI and WWII were 21 years apart and in the first we used horses and in the second we used atomic bombs ―2manylemons, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	WWII is one of the rare sequels to top the original, yet no one wants to see it become a trilogy ―zamakhtar, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	WWW is a crappy acronym. It takes 3 syllables and makes it 9 ―mampersat, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Waiting phone times would be a lot less boring If you were connected to another random person waiting. ―Biobak_, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Wake up earlier on weekends. Now you get to sleep in for 5 days a week instead of two. ―jazcat, May 2014
observations	sfw	Waking up with a hangover is like rebooting in safe mode. The main functions still work, but it's impossible to get anything else done. ―damndudewtf, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Waldo has been traveling all over the world for years and never chosen a place to call home. Maybe the person trying the hardest to find Waldo is himself. ―WriterDavidChristian, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Walking into a glass door is the best complement a window washer can get. ―justplainskill, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Wallets are just pockets that we put in our pockets ―dairyqueen814, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	Wallets are just pockets that we put in our pockets. ―Flamery, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Wallets are just pockets we put in our pockets. ―ThorsHand, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Walmart and others should offer a live stream on Black Fridays of their stores for people to watch as entertainment! ―LeAngryBadger, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Walruses are sabertooth seals. ―aprilshowerz, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Walter White did a better job of getting rid of drug dealers than Hank. ―Horseome, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Warm beer and cold coffee are the same temperature. ―CaliberHB, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Warren buffet and I have a combined net worth of over 67 billion dollars. ―killercritters, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Was Bingo the name of the farmer or the dog? ―MrSnoman, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Washers and dryers have been on top of each other for awhile now, but I've never seen a washer that utilized gravity to automatically drop wet clothes into the dryer. ―j_strange88, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Watching Horror movies during Valentines day won't make you feel like you're alone anymore. ―pakulu_papito, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Watching Jeopardy backwards would be about a panel of 3 people asking Alex Trebek questions that he always gets right. ―BaconSheikh, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Watching Scooby Doo growing up made me think that losing my glasses would be a much more frequent and severe problem in life ―LordNelson27, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Watching a 2 hour film on Netflix is too big of a commitment but 4 episodes of a TV show? No problem ―Drogalov, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Watching a snapchat from Team Snapchat is like having Tom as a friend on Myspace ―Catabolist, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Watching an Ad three million times on Hulu makes me hate the company more than anything ―Nardocs, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Watching parkour experts playing tag would be awesome ―Toxic_Axon, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Watching the first episode of Firefly and deciding to binge-watch the rest is like getting into a relationship with someone you know will die in 24 hours. ―holman8a, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Water (blue) + Sun (yellow) = Plants (green) ―TimeIsWasted, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Water is just a portal to a universe where you can fly, but you can't breathe. ―The_Purple_Otter, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Water is just rusty hydrogen ―TristanBomb, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds super rad if you don't know what either of those things are. ―jgam7, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	We actually advertise when our food has real food in it. ―bmlangd, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	We admire hair when its on someone's head but the second it is no longer attached to the head it becomes gross. ―blueandred98cole, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	We all are at bottom of an ocean of air. ―reddevilvaibs, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	We all could have literally been created a second ago along with all our memories. Nobody could tell. ―GoldLeader272, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	We all know there is a secret service, which means there isn't a secret service. ―gpemby, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	We all walk around with 4K cameras in our pockets but every time there's a terrorist attack the surveillance footage was filmed by a potato ―nord88, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	We always say "drugs and alcohol" as if alcohol isn't a drug. Why don't we just say "drugs?" ―Ganjake, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	We are all dying at an alarmingly fast rate. Eating and drinking just pushes that impending death back by a few hours ―xenafrank, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	We are all just one hit away from being one hit wonders. ―Sentient_officeplant, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	We are all living at the bottom of an ocean of Oxygen. ―joehumdinger, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	We are all technically unpaid employees of reddit ―Creddit2Reddit, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	We are closer to 2062, the year depicted in the Jetsons, than to 1962, the year in which the Jetsons debuted. ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	We are effectively living in the opposite of The Matrix. We're in the real world but trying to live in a digital one. ―barelyonhere, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	We are expected to do our jobs as if we don't have children and at the same time raise our children as if we don't have jobs. ―GreatBrilliance, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	We are fortunate enough to live in a country where if we hear random explosions in the distance, our mind thinks "oh, someone's celebrating" ―Interaxis, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	We are getting a new Steve Jobs movie every other year because movie studios know that Apple fans already buy almost the same product every two years anyway. ―confusedsquirrel, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	We are going to feel pretty silly when it turns out North Korea has been firing missiles at sea monsters this whole time. ―to_tomorrow, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	We are lucky to have our ears are at the perfect height for wearing glasses ―Pylly, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	We are now so desensitized to terrorism that the Brussels attack is off the front page in less than 10 hours. ―Gerrigen, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	We are too lazy to go take a shower, but once we do, we don't want to leave anymore. ―mygamja, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	We ask 18-year-olds to make huge decisions about their career and financial future, when a month ago they had to ask to go to the bathroom. ―brennan135, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	We ask Google questions, we get Yahoo Answers. ―SwggrBck, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	We avoid risks in life so we can safely make it to our deaths. ―EKcore, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	We call our upper-arms our "guns" and our guns arms. ―thunderstrut, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	We call people assholes,dicks and pussies but nobody call each other nipples ―MacDaddy916, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	We can land an RC car on the surface of Mars, but it still takes a finger up the anus to test for prostate cancer. ―mattonmc, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	We can no longer tell children they're like 'a broken record' because they won't understand. Instead, we have to tell them they are 'acting like a glitch' when they continuously repeat themselves. ―nyneve, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	We can't consider Mexicans in general to be stereo-typically lazy, while also being mad at them for taking all the jobs we don't want to do. ―Amanroth87, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	We contemplate so much in the shower because it's one of the few places we can't use electronic devices to distract ourselves. ―WhaddaYaKnowJoe, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	We could have 13 months in a year each with 28 days instead of the current system. that means each month would be exactly 4 weeks so days of the week would land on the same place every year. ―ridik_ulass, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	We don't get chain E-mail anymore because the people that proliferated it are sharing useless crap on Facebook now. ―surebertt, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	We don't give the people who browse the New section enough credit for finding us all of the good posts. ―JubilifeRival, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	We don't kill time, time actually kills us ―Supermanliam, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	We don't pronounce the "k" in knowledge until we acknowledge it. ―Anon0mousse, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	We don’t pronounce the “k” in knowledge until we acknowledge it. ―Patrick52Andrew, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	We eat candy that tastes like fruit instead of just eating fruit. ―Keenangs, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	We eat pizza from the inside out ―Polarbear58, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	We eat pizza from the inside out. ―shnookshnook, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	We encourage ugly people to love themselves but hate pretty people who do ―Arkayem, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	We get angry at our alarm clock when it wakes us up and just as angry when it fails to wake us up ―Notterts, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	We get taught in school to not give in to peer pressure but we don't get taught not to pressure our peers. ―andrewcarey7, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	We go to coffee shops to drink coffee (a stimulant) to focus and expect a quiet atmosphere, and we go to taverns and bars to drink alcohol (a depressant) to socialize and expect a loud atmosphere. ―smokechaser, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	We grew up being taught not to get in cars with strangers and now we hop into Ubers like it's nothing. ―ChinatownKid, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	We have automatic sliding doors everywhere except where they would be most useful: bathroom entrances. ―what_is_not_art, May 2016
observations	sfw	We have self driving cars, but we can't figure out a way to make sensor faucets actually work when we wave our hand under them. ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	We have the best quality microphones and speakers for leisure, but places like airports which make important announcements seem to use awful equipment. ―HollyJSpark, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	We have two minutes to live but breathing resets the clock. ―160regiment, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	We have two universal languages: mathematics, and music. One to describe the universe, and one to describe how we feel about it. ―Alfalfa_Centauri, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	We humans are so social that when we're alone for a while we almost-unconsciously start conversing with ourselves. ―iconoptic, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	We humans have set up a society in which we require a minimum number of laps around the sun for a person to drink fermented plant juice. ―ChildishGravitino, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	We invented phones so we wouldn't have to type out our messages. Look at us now. ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	sfw	We invented plates to keep our food off the ground. Then, we invented tables to keep our plates off the ground, which were invented to keep our food off the ground. Then, we used tablecloths to keep our plates off our tables. ―EvilDoctor130, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	We jokingly talk to our pets with random barks and meows and think nothing of it, but if our pets ever replied in random human voices or sounds we would be amazed. ―eeega34, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	We judge the quality of seafood by how little it tastes like seafood. ―jazzarad, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	We left the decision on the future of the United Kingdom with the same people who came up with Boaty McBoatface. ―Dudleyshwam, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	We live in a 1940 Nazi's dystopian future ―Tinklenator, May 2014
observations	sfw	We live in a society so selfish that people get offended FOR other people so they get attention ―One_pop_each, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	We live in a time in which we can listen to virtually any song on at any time, but if a song I love happens to come on the radio, I am THRILLED ―madethisatwork, May 2016
observations	sfw	We live in a time when it's more socially acceptable for a child to be on amphetamines than it is for an adult to smoke pot. ―DrSkyentist, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	We live in a world where "the Dr. Oz show" is taken seriously, and "Adam Ruins Everything" is just a comedy. ―87Alpha1, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	We live in a world where GTA is a kid's game and Candy Crush is an adult's game ―pilgrimnl, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	We live in a world where lemonade is made from artificial flavors and furniture polish is made from real lemons.. ―DominickCosta, May 2016
observations	sfw	We live in a world where trained cops can panic &amp; act on impulse, but untrained civilians must remain calm with a gun in their face. ―emilNYC, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	We live in a world with self driving cars able to talk across oceans in milliseconds and sending people into space yet vending machines still can't handle a crumpled dollar ―thejohnnypalms, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	We live in an age where the least trusted source of news is the media. ―CantLiveByYourRules, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	We live in an age where your last words may be an emoticon. ―horoshimu, May 2016
observations	sfw	We make fun of Twitter being 140 chars, but most of Reddit only reads the title anyway. ―RoboErectus, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	We make fun of people who're liking their own comments or posts on Facebook, but on Reddit it's a default practice to like your own comments or posts. ―Compty, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	We milk a cow, and let the milk age to make cheese. Then we use the cheese to make our cow taste better. ―Skootchy, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	We named every moon in our solar system, but not our own. ―Castigale, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	We named the other planets in our solar system after gods but named our own planet "dirt" ―nidhidki, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	We need a Boy Scouts for adult men. I'd love to go camping, hunting, &amp; fishing and learn about nature with like-minded individuals. ―ShaolinMaster, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	We need a rival planet. ―Cherri2000, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	We need an alien invasion to unite people. ―4242349948CMFAGT, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	We need to increase space funding. Muffins made in space could float in the middle of an oven and be spheres - entirely muffin-top consistency. ―VinDenim, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	We never actually see a Full Moon. It's only ever a half-moon. ―Gingerninja1324, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	We never realize how many people we dislike until it comes to naming our child. ―Storytellerbobfan, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	We never stop clapping, we just really, really slooooooooooow down. ―monoleso, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	We never wash our belts, but they are the first thing we touch after wiping our butts. ―noodlepoops, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	We never wash our belts, but they are the first thing we touch after wiping our butts. ―r_il, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	We now have hundreds of emojis, but I still cannot underline, bold, or italicize in a text message. ―blessedhellfire, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	We now pay gyms for the privilege of doing the manual labor we once had to do in order to get paid. ―Bombingofdresden, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	We only have a few minutes to live, but breathing resets the timer. ―NomNomNomNation, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	We pay for criminals not to be a part of society while college students go into debt trying to become productive members of society. ―dejectedgoose, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	We pay money to wear advertisements for a clothing company ―_briann, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	We probably can't blow ourselves because the dudes who could naturally fell out of the gene pool. ―recursionoisrucer, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	We put clocks in our mobile phones, so we didn't need to look at watches. Now we put mobile phones in our watches so we don't need to look at our mobile phones. ―darkdoggy, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	We put clocks in our mobile phones, so we didn't need to look at watches. Now we put mobile phones in our watches so we don't need to look at our mobile phones. ―ubuntulive, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	We really gave Bruce Almighty a pass when he yanked the moon closer to the earth and inadvertently killed of millions of people with tidal floods. ―caesar315, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	We rescue homeless animals and shun homeless people. ―NewMaterialOnly, May 2014
observations	sfw	We say "hair" when referring to lots of it but say "hairs" when referring to a few. ―KyleDM, May 2015
observations	sfw	We say as kids we think $1,000 is a lot of money and as adults realize it isn't. I'm an adult and when I'm broke, $1000 would in fact be a lot of money to me. ―i_am_omega, May 2016
observations	sfw	We say hair when referring to lots of it but we say hairs when referring to a few. ―VoteBumblebee, May 2014
observations	sfw	We say “hair” when referring to lots of it, but we say “hairs” when referring to a few. ―I_redidate, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	We should all agree on a day to not post anything on Reddit, and watch Buzzfeed scramble and fail. ―thefakejimmyfallon, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	We should all run 6 kilometres instead of 5 so we can find the cure for cancer faster ―Ganglebot, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	We should all take a moment and thank god that spiders aren't pack animals ―piggesnye, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	We should call all countries what they call themselves. For example, Americans should call Germany "Deutschland". Or Japan "Nihon". ―not-gonna-lurk, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	We should change "Lol" to "Ne" (Nose Exhale) because that's all we really do when we see something funny online. ―ThatGuyPonna, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	We should change LOL to NE (nose exhale) because that's all we really do when we see something funny online. ―Targe23, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	We should change the official date of halloween from the 31st to the last saturday of October. ―SomePoorAfricanChild, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	We should get a 3rd set of teeth at 35. We would take much better care of them than our second set. ―DoesNotTreadPolitely, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	We should get a notification every time someone attempts to create an account with our username, so we can feel good about ourselves for getting there first ―ArkLuno, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	We should get an employee discount with self checkout ―stlknowswhy, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	We should have 13 months in a year instead of 12 ―Ben_Jenderson, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	We should have a Cyborg Olympics where any drugs, limb replacements and bodily augmentations are totally permitted. ―Dirty_Kite, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	We should have a holiday called Space Day, where lights are to be shut off for at least an hour at night to reduce light pollution, so we can see the galaxy. ―bmg1001, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	We should have an 'annual holiday' where we turn off all the lights and look at the night sky. ―trance_lovers, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	We should have an annual holiday where we turn off all the lights and look at the night sky. ―5hot6un, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	We should have an ultimate Olympics, where performance enhancing drugs are allowed and encouraged in order to see the limits of human abilities. ―dizeaze, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	We should merge /r/Feminism and /r/MensRights since both claim they want equality. ―jessemfguire87, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	We should name the new planet Pluto and act like nothing ever happened ―TSM_Huni, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	We should pay students to attend school, take aptitude tests, and receive bonuses for completing their courses and graduating early; low income families could earn money just by making sure their kids succeeded. ―VonnegutIce9, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	We should put Valve in charge of the military, to ensure World War 3 never happens. ―flarn2006, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	We should put a picture of the moon landing on american currency. ―Squid344, May 2016
observations	sfw	We should put poison in pizza sauce, and the antidote in the crust. So we can weed out the people who don't eat the crust and finish them once and for all. ―reeverrama, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	We should put the "American" first. American-African, American-European, American-Asian. In no time we'll get tired of adding the second part and just call each other Americans. ―JSUknow, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	We should start a campaign to get people to interrupt Kanye West. Everywhere. ―SpookyGeek, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	We should start keeping giraffes a secret from young children. Imagine discovering giraffes exist when you were like 15. "Woah! Check out that long necked horse!" ―yankeltank, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	We should start referring to 'Age' as 'Levels', so when you're Lvl 80 it sounds more badass than just being an old person. ―JediFlipTricks, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	We should surround sarcastic text with curly brackets. {Oh, what a great idea!} ―DrLemonPepper, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	We should take a minute to be thankful about clouds emptying their water at a slow rate and in form of tiny droplets, and not pouring it in one go in a giant falling block of water ―lcq92, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	We should take a moment to just appreciate that not only Google search exists but it is also for free. ―Katberga, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	We shouldn't be able to unsubscribe from /Tattoos ―Baardaad, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	We spend a good amount of time in our homes trying to make it look like no one lives there ―Redhawkk, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	We spend countless hours discussing whether God is real or not, while we could find it out in a few seconds by killing ourselves ―legostukje16, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	We stick kids in classrooms 7 hours a day, give them another few hours of homework, actively discourage them from playing outside, and then wonder why kids today are so out of shape. ―39336, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	We stop using "brb" because we never have to leave our devices anymore. ―instantromannoodles, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	We stopped using "brb" because we don't leave our devices anymore. ―moshpitallah, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	We store so much data, there will probably eventually be digital archaeologists. Like Neo meets Indiana Jones. ―joehov4, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	We swallow our spit all day every day but the second it leaves our mouths it becomes disgusting ―ahhvey, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	We take a lot more photos of attractive people than unattractive; so the general attractiveness of our society will be skewed historically. ―shortround10, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	We take it for granted, but a single Dorito contains more Extreme Nacho flavor than a fifteenth-century peasant would experience in an entire lifetime. ―robneptune, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	We talk about Ancient Romans like they were basically all the same, but the civilization lasted almost 1000 years. That's like saying people in 2016 and 1016 are basically the same. ―SmokeyBare, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	We tell kids to not take candy from strangers, but have an entire holiday dedicated to taking candy from strangers. ―Whind_Soull, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	We think it's socially acceptable to all get together and drink poison on weekends ―rychay09, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	We think of Alcohol Smugglers during the Prohibition period differently than we do our neighborhood drug dealer, but they essentially have done the exact same thing. ―ChootinNPootin, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	We throw around the word "terrorist" like we used to throw around the word "communist". ―MasterSaturday, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	We use escalators, get fat, and then use Stairmasters ―CrankRED, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	We use the phrase "shark-infested waters" as if they aren't supposed to be there. We are the ones infesting shark-inhabited waters. ―statusofliberty, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	We wake up after we die in a dream because we don't know what comes after death. ―AREYOUFUCKING_SORRY, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	We waste a lot of water thinking ―dagormz, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	We wasted the name 'Fly' on the worst animal. ―strongo, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	We were taught as kids to not get in strangers cars or meet strangers from the internet, and now we literally summon strangers from the internet and get in their cars. ―FNFollies, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	We will be the last generation to have witnessed life without the Internet. ―anantzoid, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	We will know when gay culture is fully accepted when rappers rap about their gay boyfriends. ―old-mac-and-cheese, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	We will never hear about the truly perfect crime. ―Cleffer, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	We will never know who the worlds greatest spy was. ―sublime_mime, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	We will only pay a few dollars for cow meat but we will pay hundreds of dollars for cow skin ―heykarlll, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	We would be broke if we stopped working. ―TheDebauchedSloth, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	We're "repeating" the Sixties. Space exploration, Russian conflict, marijuana legalization, race issues. ―WaalsVander, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	We're 244 Popes away from Pope DMX ―sexual_inurendo, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	We're about 24 hours away from a new batch of idiots hurting themselves with fireworks gifs. ―fixalated, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	We're all Internet Explorers. ―m3s3dup, May 2015
observations	sfw	We're all background characters in somebody else's story. ―tsar_nicholas_III, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	We're all reading the same Reddit comments in our native accents. ―FancyPantsBlanton, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	We're already living in space. ―ovaknight, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	We're approaching 2016 and the share button on this website STILL doesn't say "Spreddit" ―MoonbirdMonster, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	We're likely less than a generation away from the question "Do you smoke?" being generally interpreted as marijuana rather than tobacco. ―whothehellispat2, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	We're lucky that sound can't travel through the vacuum of space. If it could, the universe would be incredibly loud. ―WHALEDAD, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	We're not nearly as appreciative of how many years we've gone without Jersey Shore as we should be. ―ZeGermanDoctor, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	We're one bad Hollywood decision away from a Minecraft feature film, and that's scary ―dontflyaway, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	We're quickly moving towards a society where both work and leisure consist of staring at a screen. ―AndoCalrissian3, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	We're scared of being abducted by aliens, yet we go to other planets with the plan of "abducting" their organisms. ―thefakejimmyfallon, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	We're the only species that drinks another species' milk, but we consider it strange to drink our own species' milk. ―[deleted], Sep 2014
observations	sfw	We're the only species that pays to live on earth. ―Belugs, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	We're trying to build self driving cars that wont crash into things, yet we used to ride around on horses which already could do that. ―FVDVE, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	We've become so advanced that we spend at least the first 20 or so years of our lives getting caught up on the basics of what we've figured out so far. ―benevolentpotato, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	We've named our entire galaxy after the secretions of a cow's udders. ―thechevs, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	We've passed the turning point where numbers are now more difficult to type on phones than letters. ―namlub3, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Weaponized cannabis would be the most humane military tactic ever developed. You could carpet an entire city in green haze then just waltz in and arrest the helplessly giggling bad guys while leaving snacks for all the civilians. ―Charlie--Dont--Surf, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Wearing earphones at the gym is sometimes less about listening to your own music, and more about blocking out the terrible music they play. ―YouWannaSomeWang, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	WebMD is like a Choose Your Own Adventure book where the ending is always cancer ―DeKobeDeBryant, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Websites should have a "Before you reset your password, here are the stupid rules we required in the first place" option. ―0xyidiot, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Websites should post their password requirements on their login pages so I can remember WTF I needed to do to my normal password to make it work on their site ―firstrival, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Websites should post their password requirements on their login pages so i can remember WTF i needed to do to my normal password to make it work on their site. ―loveuUSA, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Websites should tell you their password requirements when you forget your password. ―Wrackle, May 2015
observations	sfw	Weights in a gym should all be of the same size, but hollowed out according to their mass so newbies don't feel shy about lifting. ―_vr, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Weird Al Yancovic has remained more well known and popular than most of the people he's parodied ―antimonyacid, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Weird Al Yankovic should release a serious song on April fools day ―RiverwoodHero, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Weird Al Yankovich has managed to remain culturally relevant far longer than most of the people he's parodied ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	sfw	Weird Al should redo Pharrell Williams' hit as "Crappy" ―Philip_of_mastadon, May 2014
observations	sfw	Weird Al's career has outlived the career of most of the musicians he parodied ―Bpbegha, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Were it not for Steve Harvey, most of us would not have even known the Miss Universe pageant took place yesterday. ―jloy88, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	What Facebook really needs in their settings is an "ignore all game requests" setting. ―Sierraman, May 2015
observations	sfw	What I like about reddit is that you can be a 18 year old nobody and still talk with some stranger that can be highly skilled in his/hers field - in reality you wouldn't be able to have such casual conversations ―sistasvangenHOKARANG, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	What Orwell failed to predict was that we'd buy the cameras ourselves, and our biggest fear would be that nobody was watching. ―AcoupleofIrishfolk, May 2016
observations	sfw	What idiot put an ‘s’ in the word lisp ―RevivedBear, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	What if "Do not lie with a man as one lies with a women" just means no threesomes? ―Toxic_Axon, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	What if 40 year old men driving fast cars aren't going through a midlife crisis, but instead can finally afford the car they wanted when they were 20? ―Prevailence, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	What if AI built to defeat the Turing test fails on purpose so we don't know how smart it really is? ―stone_fish23, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	What if Americans colonize Mars but the American colonies declare independence? ―theGruntingGargoyle, May 2016
observations	sfw	What if Apple's Google glass competitor is called iBrowse and looks like eyebrows? ―NothingIsFuckedHere, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	What if Aunt Jemima is Mrs. Butterworth and her full name is Jemima Butterworth? ―oz24, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	What if Axe was invented by women to easily spot the douchebags? ―GrandMa5TR, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	What if Bob Ross was a serial killer, &amp; he painted the landscapes of where he hid the bodies. ―Tbkx, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	What if Breaking Bad was just an elaborate cover up to produce tons of meth? ―psyclone2772, May 2015
observations	sfw	What if Deadpool is actually a romantic comedy and the film's marketing team has tricked men into thinking it was an action-comedy. ―Robeliciousness, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	What if Deadpool takes over the cameo role for Stan Lee after he passes? ―ThatSchmoDude42, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	What if Disney Animation made Frozen just so a Google search of "Walt Disney Frozen" wouldn't be the top result about the man himself ―Marty_Mac_Fly, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	What if Earth is like one of those uncontacted tribes in South America, like the whole Galaxy knows we're here but they've agreed not to contact us until we figure it out for ourselves. ―jimbojonesFA, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	What if Earth is like the North Korea of the solar system and all the other planets are inhabited, but we are kept from the truth, and our world leaders are viewed as cruel and oppressive by the other planets. ―A_Disgrace, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	What if Earth is the North Korea of the Galaxy? ―i_need_quite, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	What if Earth is the uncontacted Amazonian Tribe of the Galaxy, and aliens don't want to contact us because they want to preserve our primitive and unique culture. ―catchafire678, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	What if Egyptians actually had a written language, then started using emojis, and that's all that's left? ―ploughhorse, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	What if Egyptians didn't literally worship cats but treated them like we do and made memes and jokes and stairs dedicated to them for fun ―LaboriousLlama, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	What if Elon Musk is actually a stranded alien who needs humanity to develop interstellar travel to get home ―berger321, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	What if Genies were real until somebody wished they weren't? ―Raevix, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	What if God DID make us in His image, but He looks like a single cell organism? ―shigogaboo, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	What if Harambe was shot by a time traveller to prevent planet of the apes becoming reality ―TechSym, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	What if Harry was just in a coma for 7 years because he actually just ran head first into a wall at a train station ―DoctorAlgernopK, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	What if I have a super power but it's something impractical in this day and age, like being immune to cannon fire or talking to dodos? ―Demihaze, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	What if I'm a prodigy at something I've never considered doing? ―dictatorchina, May 2016
observations	sfw	What if I'm already dead and heaven exists but my idea of paradise is to remain in the real world so I never even knew I had died? ―releasethegeese, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	What if I'm always being recorded for a 24-hour reality TV-show, just like the Truman show, and that one episode where I watched "The Truman Show" was absolutely one of my funniest episodes to my audience? ―rolfraikou, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	What if I'm mentally challenged and everyone around me is just being really cool about it? ―Well__Good, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	What if Jesus has a Twitter account but nobody knows about it because he only has 12 followers? ―brutchev, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	What if Jesus was just a normal guy and someone started a rumor about him that got out of control? ―petrucci666, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	What if Kanye is naming his album Waves because he actually is a Gay Fish ―captainamericaa, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	What if Leonardo DiCaprio stars as himself in a movie - where he struggles to win an oscar...and wins an oscar for it? ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	What if Lucifer is still God's best angel and he is just fulfilling a duty no one else wanted to? ―Poof_Wonder, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	What if M. Night Shyamalan's career is intentionally bad and he intends to turn it all around with good movies five years from now as the twist? ―Ouijynn, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	What if Mr. Clean is actually a skinhead whose version of clean is really just ethnic cleansing? ―ex-istentialism, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	What if North Korea is totally chill but have a crazy militant English translator who is messing it up for everyone? ―bacontimbit, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	What if Peach broke up with Mario, he got depressed and ate a mushroom, and hallucinated all of the adventures in which he won her back? ―triskalguilo, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	What if Pixar's Cars took place after computers have annihilated the human race and Google self-driving cars are all that are left. ―HipNugget, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	What if Stephen Hawking is really a vegetable, and his computer is an artificial intelligence? ―Satansanta94, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	What if Stephen Hawking is the real Slim Shady but we'll never know because he can't stand up ―OneEyedKing17, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	What if Stephen Hawking is the real Slim Shady but we'll never know because he can't stand up? ―X0AN, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	What if Stephen Hawking's voice box is actually the first A.I., using its robot brain to theorize on the universe and he's just riding along, as tripped out as the rest of us but unable to show it? ―CarnegieFellon, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	What if Tesla cars aren't self driving, but are secretly remotely controlled by cheap Indian employees? ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	sfw	What if Walmart was as poorly lit as Hollister. ―WIDE_OPEN_BEAVERS, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	What if Westboro Baptist Church was actually secretly a group of super tolerant activists who staged outrageous protests to draw public attention to the causes they care about, while simultaneously creating a mockery of fundamental Christianity. ―SingingInThePlane, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	What if WinRAR is just waiting to sue everyone who kept their trial for more than 40 days? ―MooseOnAcid, May 2016
observations	sfw	What if a human bite turns zombies back to normal but no one in the apocalypse has ever tried it. ―Goway_Baitin, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	What if a shooting star is actually somebody driving off rainbow road? ―OziPerv, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	What if a sloth has been chasing me around for the last 5 years but he just can't catch up to me? ―Jakeeeeeeeey, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	What if a symptom of Ebola is the desire to travel. ―wileypost, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	What if after grade 3 I continued playing the recorder and went on to become the world's greatest recorder player? ―[deleted], Mar 2013
observations	sfw	What if after you die God asks you - "So how was heaven?" ―_cartman_, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	What if aliens visited Earth, but they came when it was frozen solid 650 mil years ago and they wrote it off as a lifeless frozen rock. ―ragingfailure, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	What if all 'senseless murderers' were actually heroes sent back in time to assassinate people who would become Genocidal dictators in the future? ―jvitkun, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	What if all humans are born with one wish, but we all wasted it when we were 4-5 on some candy or getting a ball for christmas ―churrascopalta, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	What if all the Ancient Greek sculptures are actually victims of Medusa? ―Sindel_, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	What if as a show of good faith toward North Korea, Seth Rogen and James Franco visit North Korea to apologize to Kim Jong Un in person, only to assassinate him like the plot of their movie The Interview? ―cryofalcon, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	What if at the end the first Matrix movie, Neo flies into the sky only to wake up as Ted Logan, turns to Bill Preston and says "Bill, I just had the most excellent dream about batteries!" Matrix 2&amp;3 are never made. ―wolfgrinder, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	What if babies cry because they they still remember their past lives, and leaving the ones they loved behind? ―Jareth86, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	What if bananas constantly fight for territory when you bring them home and that's why the get bruised overnight? ―poetu, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	What if black holes are just areas we haven't unlocked yet? ―Fodux, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	What if cave drawings are done by cave-children and we are judging their entire society by graffiti done by kids? ―imma_viking, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	What if dogs are scared of thunder because they think it's the bark of a more dominant dog ―mrweefee, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	What if dogs bring the ball back because they think you enjoy throwing it? ―[deleted], Nov 2014
observations	sfw	What if dogs bring the ball back because they think you enjoy throwing it? ―iKojack, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	What if drug cartels are comprised exclusively of undercover DEA agents who don't know about each other? ―justwondrin, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	What if every Marvel movie has Ant-Man as a cameo, but we just don't know it ―nuckingfuts73, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	What if every country has ninjas, but we only know about the Japanese ones because they’re rubbish? ―DJ-2000, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	What if every dog is reincarnated into another dog after they die and whenever you see a person walking their dog who goes crazy and tries to meet you and be your best friend is really your childhood dog trying to tell you he knows you and misses you? ―AMVRocks, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	What if every time we blinked we took a photo and when we died we good go back through our own personal photo gallery ―Wotscot, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	What if everytime you cracked your knuckles your fingers glowed like glow sticks. ―LurkingInthaShadows, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	What if extra-terrestrial doesnt come visit earth because they're light years away and fear the dinosaurs they see. ―newyork89, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	What if fetishes are inherited genetically but none of us know because we are all too awkward and embarrased to admit them to our families. ―bloopiedoobie, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	What if ghosts don't kill us because then we'd be ghosts and it'd be super awkward. ―Inquisitive_Luke, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	What if ghosts say "Boo" because they only haunt people they don't like, and all they do is "Boo" them from the afterlife. So its not to scare you, its to show that they think you suck ―SpockOutRockOut, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	What if hipsters are all time travelers, and they just use the phrase "You probably haven't heard of it" to cover up slips when they reference something that's not big yet? ―Ae3qe27u, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	What if homosexuality is a product of evolution and is becoming more prevalent as the population grows because it acts as a mechanism for preventing the population from rapidly growing? ―Arfonz, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	What if humans are sperm's way of reproducing? ―foaming_infection, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	What if i am single because a time traveler made sure I don't meet "her" to stop someone in our lineage from taking over the world ―ThatDCguy69, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	What if in 100 years, people say "google it" as a way of telling someone to search for information and nobody knows why. ―GAGEMF, May 2014
observations	sfw	What if instead of buying plastic bottles for shampoo, conditioner and body wash, we had refillable containers and there were dispensers for each brand at supermarkets/convenient stores. ―vinnzic, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	What if instead of playing dodgeball or climbing ropes, gym class focused on proper body mechanics like good posture, running properly, squating correctly or lifting a box from the ground? ―Ryangonzo, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	What if it's harder to find good skipping stones now than it was in earlier times because they've all been skipped and sunk to the bottom of whatever body of water they've been skipped across? ―QBallKeefTNP, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	What if kids loving their parents is a form of Stockholm Syndrome? ―BobVosh, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	What if most of our illnesses come from the lack of sunlight on our genitals? ―BalthazarBadia, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	What if my brown birthmark is my real skin and I'm actually a black man covered in a white birthmark ―KuroMakura, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	What if our reality is a simulation, and magic existed as bugs in the code that have long since been patched? ―Mcsonofabitch, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	What if our use of emojis gradually becomes so extensive that we actually circle back to writing in hieroglyphics. ―luccampbell, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	What if over time the developers of Pokémon GO slowly reduce Pokémon spawn rates to zero, and the app turns out to be a publicity stunt to warn about the dangers of over hunting and extinction. ―character_yellow, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	What if people staring at you are time tourists who came back in time to see you because in the future you're famous? ―Werben1agerman1ensen, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	What if planet Earth is the "Noah's Ark" of the Galaxy and that's why we can't find life on other planets, it was destroyed long ago. ―drspankinya, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	What if police brutality has not increased but the amount of smartphones with cameras filming them? ―noscope420YOLO, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	What if rocks aren't hard, but just clench when we touch them? ―WonderSloth, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	What if selfies were just a fad created so that the NSA could get as many faces on file for facial recognition technology ―HUMAN_BLENDER, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	What if sleep is our natural state, and the only reason we wake up is to gather information for our dreams? ―Mohayat, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	What if sleeping is our natural state and we are only awake to gather information for our dreams. ―Moujahideen, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	What if some people used to be able to suck their own dicks, but natural selection removed that trait because those people never did anything else. ―BeardedThor, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	What if the 'monster' under your bed sees you as the monster on top of the bed, and is so terrified he keeps as still and quiet as possible. ―Cocktupus, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	What if the Big Bang was caused by a previous civilizations experiments with a Large Hadron Collider and we are destined to repeat it. ―punchdrunkskunk, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	What if the Egyptians didn't actually revere cats, but only jokingly did like we do on the internet? ―komali_2, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	What if the Egyptians used to have an advanced written language like ours but became addicted to memes and eventually just started using pictures to communicate? ―gruesomeflowers, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	What if the IOC bought a Greek Island to save Greece's economy and host the Olympics permanently, so we couldn't cripple other economies that host the Olympics? ―Stelios78910, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	What if the Russians were doping not to win, but so they wouldn't have to go to Rio. ―_BindersFullOfWomen_, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	What if the ancient Egyptians didn't actually worship cats, they only jokingly did, in the form of an ancient meme. ―Dreamlite, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	What if the asteroid that hit Earth and killed all the dinosaurs was a UFO .. and we're the aliens ―ashleymc, Mar 2013
observations	sfw	What if the coins you randomly find in drawers and between couch cushions are actually spiders leaving them there to pay rent. ―im_the_idiot, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	What if the cure for autism turns out to be a vaccine? ―kidindiana, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	What if the eagles in Lord of the Rings are regular size and everyone else is just really small? ―Taodyn, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	What if the lottery is an Institution to catch Time Travelers? ―imverykind, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	What if the most profound Showerthought ever is trapped in the mind of someone who doesn't use Reddit? ―AFatOrsonWelles, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	What if the only reason I'm single is because I never forwarded those chain messages? ―abeniman, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	What if the only reason that aliens haven't landed on earth is that their government cut funding for their space program? ―twilighttruth, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	What if the only reason we haven't actually encountered a time traveler is because this time period is awful and nobody wants to go back to it? ―craftygnomes, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	What if the only reason why we don't see aliens is because Earth is considered a rare sanctuary, and the alien sightings we do hear about are just tresspassing tourists? ―kazuzuagogo, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	What if the only reason you can't pass through a mirror is because you are blocking yourself? ―rawb_dawg, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	What if the only thing keeping us from entering mirrors is our own reflection? ―[deleted], May 2013
observations	sfw	What if the only thing made in China was the sticker that said "Made in China" ―BNASTYALLDAYBABY, May 2016
observations	sfw	What if the perfect crime actually has been committed, and no one ever heard about it because it was perfect. ―FrodoSwagginz, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	What if the rapture happened already, but no one even realized it because only like 15 people were taken ―BasicallyVictoria, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	What if the reason for Google making self-driving cars is so that they can drive through Detriot for google maps without getting killed ―dragoninmyanus, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	What if the reason there are no witches, vampires and werewolves is because the "witch trials" in the 17th century actually worked? ―edubminum, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	What if the reason we don't hear people saying "YOLO" anymore is because they're all dead. ―Sexymcsexalot, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	What if the reason why 2016 has been such a crazy year is due to the return of Lord Voldemort, but as muggles we haven't been able to connect all of the random events and deaths? ―Arosenthal2010, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	What if the saying "money doesn't grow on trees" was invented by rich people so we don't find their money trees? ―ChiefBigwilly, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	What if the sets in Breaking Bad were real meth labs, and the show was actually a cover for an actual meth empire? ―liberal_texan, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	What if the spider I killed in my home has spent his entire life thinking he was my room-mate and that suddenly I had some sort of psychotic break ―bossOnothin, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	What if the star wars movies came out 4,5,6,1,2,3 as a Yoda joke? ―XXXRebel14, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	What if the washer is actually the one stealing socks, and we've been wrongfully blaming the drier all of this time? ―GIGGLEStheBEAST, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	What if the wires going to the two ear buds were different colors so it was easier to untangle ―Sonicnbpt, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	What if there is no such thing as a placebo effect and sugar pills are a miracle cure for disease. ―PlumsNThings, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	What if there really is a u/deleted going around posting "removed" all over the place? ―wageslavend, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	What if there's a billionaire who wants to give away free ipods/ipads, but only knows how to using poorly designed ads. ―stelles, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	What if there's no such thing as the Placebo Effect, and instead, sugar just actually cures everything ―Bigtuna546, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	What if they found Amelia Earhart's plane while looking for Malaysia Flight 370? ―rob42164, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	What if things we see in gray, are actually just colors we cannot see? ―SenatorSassypants, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	What if time travel does exist but we don't see time travelers because, in the long run, the 21st century isn't important or exciting enough to travel to. ―tcalhoon, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	What if time travel gets invented so far away in time that our time is a spec that no one has a reason to travel to? ―kindboi, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	What if traffic is just a buffering system that the matrix uses to load our surroundings. ―brodybaba, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	What if way into the future when time travel is invented two scientists named Adam and Eve travel back to the beginning of time but find nothing and discover that they have to start all the life in the world ―AlmightyCL3V, May 2015
observations	sfw	What if we actually are living in a computer simulation, and superstitions like wishes on birthday candles or shooting stars are based on old cheat codes that have since been patched? ―Fejsze, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	What if we aren't the FIRST Intelligent life forms in the Universe, but the LAST. ―Cynestrith, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	What if we only love our parents because of Stockholm Syndrome? ―austinbond132, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	What if we're not alone in the universe and we're actually a 'protected species' living in a space nature reserve where no other life is allowed to disturb us until we become a type I civilisation? ―TheeAlligatorr, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	What if when we die, we get to relive our life in the memories that other people have of us? So the quality of our afterlife is entirely based on being part of other people's good memories. ―crowe706, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	What if when we die, we instantly become a baby being born, but we temporarily maintain the memory of dying, and that's why babies are born crying? ―gpace1216, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	What if wishing upon a shooting star actually worked, but some jerk long ago wished that all future wishes wouldn't come true? ―MaximumLeech, May 2015
observations	sfw	What if your dog brings you the same toy because he thinks that it is YOUR favorite toy? And when you throw it, he brings it back because he is thinking "No! Don't throw it! It's your favorite toy!" ―ultimatekid610, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	What if your dog one day just randomly said "Nobody is going to believe you" and never spoke again. ―CptStealth, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	What if your dog one day just randomly said, "Nobody is going to believe you" and then never spoke again. ―bboy44, May 2015
observations	sfw	What if your pillow collected your dreams and then you could plug it into your laptop and watch them again ―Bep_Beep, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	What if, in thousands of years, "alien" becomes a derogatory word to describe inhabitants of other planets? And our descendants become disgusted at our rampant use of the word. ―deux_faces, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	What really blows my mind is that NASA is able to receive data from a 4.67 billion miles far away spacecraft, while i lose wifi signal once i move to the kitchen ―Medmehrez, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	What the hell does a golfer do when they retire? Most people retire then take up golf. ―extreme_matt, May 2016
observations	sfw	What we think smells like coffee is actually boogers and coffee. What we think smells like steak is steak and boogers. We smell boogers all day, every day, and we don't even know it. It's like a booger Matrix. ―Hospitaliter, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	What women know as a front closing bra, men will know as a front opening bra ―meurl, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	What would happen if Alex Trebek did an AMA and everyone gave him answers and he responded with questions. ―purpledesperado, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Whatever happened to the guy who had his face eaten by the guy in Miami? Everyone else has forgotten about him and is talking about North Korea and stuff. But he's still walking around somewhere with half a face. ―joec_95123, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	When Alex Trebek finally retires from hosting Jeopardy, he should make one last appearance...as a contestant ―seravasi, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	When Americans talk about the day they declared independence from Great Britain, the don't say the actual date the American way (July 4th), they say it the British way (4th of July) ―ern999, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	When Apple comes out with a device to compete with Google Glass they should call it the iPatch. ―alexinawe, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	When Apple released the iPhone 7, they should have played "Hit The Road, Jack" in the commercials. ―6IronInfidel9, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When Bill Gates sits down in a café, it's average customer instantly becomes a billionaire. ―TheEnemyOfMyAnenome, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	When Bruce Willis dies, there will be so many posts saying that he was actually dead the whole time. ―rosiering, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	When Chernobyl is finally liveable again (20,000 years), the architecture will seem incredibly strange and retro. ―[deleted], Mar 2014
observations	sfw	When Chumbawamba got knocked off the charts after their one hit they never got back up again. ―methodmouse, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	When DreamWorks runs out of ideas they should tell the story about the boy on the moon and how he got so much fishing line ―Ragan_aron123, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	When Fallout 4 is out, people everywhere will spend a long time inside, playing a game about emerging from being inside for a long time ―Itsapocalypse, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When I Google an average word to be sure of its precise definition before posting on the internet, I wonder if the CIA thinks, "this guy is a real simpleton". ―pondini, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When I accidentally type my password into the username box, I always feel like someone is watching me and saying "Finally got him." ―thenixnerd, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When I bake bread, I give thousands of yest organisms false hope by feeding them sugar, before ruthlessly baking them to death in an oven and eating their corpses. ―Hq3473, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When I buy CDs I now see it as more of a donation to the artist than an actual purchase. ―Hugs_wombats, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When I buy a lottery ticket, I'm really just buying 20 seconds of fantasizing how my life would change for the better. ―urko37, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	When I buy a pizza, it comes in a sturdy corrugated box. When I buy a cake, it comes in a flimsy box that tries to kill the cake. ―datums, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	When I buy drugs, I financially support my drug dealer's war against the police. When I pay taxes, I support the government's war on drugs and dealers. I am neutrality. ―niall558, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	When I die I want my last google search to be "How to fake your own death" ―MeatCat88, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	When I die I want to be buried at a fat camp so if I become a zombie I can catch a slow meal. ―germattack3, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	When I die I want to see a mental highlight reel of all the best shots I've made tossing things into trashcans ―iamfatandsassy, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	When I die, I don't want my life to flash before my eyes, I want a CinemaSins-style video complete with Jeremy narrating. ―Jalarast, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	When I die, I hope I have enough time to point at a complete stranger and whisper "You did this." ―Suqleg, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	When I die, I want my grave to offer free Wifi so that people visit more often. ―gwapoworker, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	When I don't text people back right away it's because I'm working, busy or just don't feel like talking at that moment. When people don't text ME back immediately I think they're either dead or hate me and are purposely ignoring me. ―dragoness_leclerq, May 2016
observations	sfw	When I drive with my left hand, the lives of the people in my car are held by something I can't even write my name with. ―Rokzo, May 2016
observations	sfw	When I drop an ice cube, my first thought is to kick it under the fridge instead of picking it up ―Blue2437, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When I eat mini M&amp;M's, I imagine it's just like when Shaq eats regular M&amp;M's. ―saintandrewsfall, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When I first drank Bud Light, I didn't really like it because I didn't like beer. Now, I don't really like it because I like beer. ―TrustyDrusty, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	When I first joined reddit and say a red envelope, I thought 'Oh cool, a conversation', now all I think is that I'm being yelled at for whatever I posted earlier. ―TheCreamySmooth, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	When I forget an account password its like a test to see how well I know myself ―bakedincali4, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When I get a dog, I want to name him "Dammit". That way, whenever someone gets frustrated in my house, he comes over to cheer them up. ―Zephyr618, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	When I get in my car, I'm always surprised how loud I liked to listen to music yesterday. ―YouFuckingJerk, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	When I go to the mall with my girlfriend I'm basically an NPC companion. I am constantly standing in her way, unaware of where she intends to go and not really paying attention. So maybe bad NPC AI in video games isn't so off base after all. ―robotron91, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When I have a blocked nose I think about times I didn't have a blocked nose and how I took it for granted. ―PM_ME_IM_SINGLE, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	When I have kids, they'll grow up with three Star Wars trilogies, eight Harry Potter movies, and the Lord of the Rings trilogy all available to watch whenever they want. They'll never know my pain ―oxwearingsocks, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When I kick in $2 for the office lottery pool, I'm not actually looking for a chance to win…. the $2 is insurance against everyone else winning, and me being left behind. ―bertbarndoor, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	When I leave a safe gap in front of me on the road, it's not an invitation for you to overtake me and fill it. ―Breeze_in_the_Trees, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When I leave a store without buying anything, I feel like everyone thinks I stole something ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When I lie on the ground looking up at the sky I am facing out at the universe with the entire planet behind me. ―phonyculture, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	When I lost a tooth as a child the Tooth Fairy brought me a dollar. When I lose a tooth as an adult the Tooth Demon takes away $1,000! ―jaspersurfer, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	When I make fried chicken, I am rubbing a corpse with the embryos of its own offspring. ―nmb8443, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	When I move my body, I am literally moving matter with my mind. ―AMVRocks, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When I move my body, I am literally moving matter with my mind. ―reebee7, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	When I open the fridge, I am not checking if there's food: I'm checking if I'm desperate enough to actually prepare the plentiful food I have. ―YankeeMinstrel, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When I pass a "Student Driver" I always wonder if I'm being used as an example. ―S-Aint, May 2016
observations	sfw	When I picture the Middle Ages in my head, I also imagine people casting spells and fighting dragons, even though I know none of that ever happened in real life. ―EvolusTheEspeon, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When I play a video game, I go out of my way to talk to every person I see. In real life, I go out of my way to avoid talking to every person I see ―Steakarino, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When I procrastinate, current me really expects a lot out of future me. ―AthleticNerd_, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When I read a TIL and I already knew it, it makes me feel smarter than the OP. ―blabbit, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	When I say "10 years ago" I still think of the 90s ―atheismthrowaway0, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When I see a middle aged person vaping, I assume they've made a healthy decision and quit smoking. When I see young kid vaping, I assume they're a douche bag. ―dicktrickle4, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	When I see a picture of a fat person 100 years ago, I assume they were wealthy. When I see a fat person today, I assume they're poor. ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	When I see blue jeans, I don't see them as "blue". I just see then as jeans, a neutral pair of pants that can go with darn near anything. ―IAmAnOutsider, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When I started watching Breaking Bad I only saw Bryan Cranston as Hal from Malcom in the Middle, now I'm watching Malcom in the Middle and only see Bryan Cranston as Walter White ―catmanducmu, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	When I talk to someone on the phone, my voice is traveling faster than sound. ―Dythiese, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	When I tell people "I saw it on the Internet," even if I'm right, they think I'm an uninformed crazy person and can't be trusted to make decisions. ―Monkeyonfire13, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	When I think back at how stupid I was 10 years ago, I can't help but wonder what I'm doing right now that's going to make me cringe in 10 years. ―capomatt, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When I think of apples I think of the color red but when I think of apple flavor I think of the color green. When I think of watermelons I think of the color green but when I think of watermelon flavor I think of the color red. ―LiteSh0w, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When I touch my girlfriend with my cold hands, I am literally taking energy from her for myself. Like a supervillain. ―badnamerrrr, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	When I try to picture the early 1900s in my mind it's always in black and white ―ironchefchopchop, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	When I turned 10, I realized how dumb everything I said as a young child was. When I turned 20, I realized how dumb everything I said in my teens was. Now I'm realizing why old people don't talk much. ―tgoodri, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When I turned 30, I wondered when I'd finally mature. Now at 31, I've realized I've already grown up, and it's alright to still like the cereal with the marshmallows in it. ―hellslave, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	When I unsubscribe from a newsletter and get an email confirming that I've been unsubscribed, it feels like they needed to be the one to say the last word in an argument. ―vahnvite, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	When I vomit from a shot, my stomach is over-ruling my executive decision to get drunk. ―Bestwick, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	When I wake up at night both extremely thirsty and having to pee, I can't help but think that my body is allocating its resources poorly. ―NeverBob, May 2016
observations	sfw	When I want to have a document forever, I scan it into the computer. When my parents want to have a document forever, they print it out. ―exzact, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When I was 12 I thought 18 year olds looked 30. Today at 30 I think 18 year olds look 12. ―FreddyMcCurry, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	When I was 13-17 they charged me for an adult ticket at the movies but I couldn't watch an R rated film. ―godsafraud, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When I was 16 I'd sneak out to smoke pot so my parents wouldn't find out. Now I'm 38 and I sneak out so my 16 year old doesn't find out. ―PlatyNerd, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When I was a child I slept with the door open because I was scared of what might be inside my room. Now I sleep with my door closed because of what might be outside my room. ―IAMWhited, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	When I was a child I spent 25 cents for about four minutes of an arcade game, but as an adult I won't pay $1 for a Mobile game I play for hours. ―babydoom1, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a child, every time I asked how to spell a word, my parents told me to look it up in the dictionary. At the time I thought it was some kind of life lesson. But now, as an adult, I'm pretty sure they just sucked at spelling. ―Reignbringer, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	When I was a kid I ran through the woods with a Super Soaker shooting at trees like I was fighting in a war, looking back the trees probably saw me as a short fat forest troll nurturing them instead. ―Paynstar, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	When I was a kid I thought finding worms in apples was going to be a much bigger problem than it has turned out to be! ―NewReddit101, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a kid I thought knowing how to spell "Mississippi" would be much more important than it is now ―AtomicEmerson, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a kid I thought the History Channel was boring. Now the programs are so ridiculous I wish they'd start showing real documentaries again ―Icameforsloth, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	When I was a kid I used to prioritize having a cool ringtone. Now I just keep my phone on silent... ―yangchi2436, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	When I was a kid I used to wake up early to watch cartoons, as an adult I stay up late watching cartoons ―bledtobefree, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	When I was a kid I was always told cats are scared of dogs, but I've only ever seen dogs that are scared of cats. ―SirSplodingSpud, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a kid I worked hard to hide my weed and devil music from my parents. Now I'm grown up and work hard to hide my weed and devil music from my kids. ―haroldtitus425, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a kid my parents told me I wouldn't enjoy getting mail. Jokes on them, I pay my bills online and the only thing I get in the mail are parcels from Amazon. ―huge_clock, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a kid people told me I was too young to have anxeity now that I'm grown people tell me I need to stop acting like a child and get over anxeity. ―Branmuffin127, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a kid, 1000 dollars would have bought everything that I wanted. Now, it barely covers rent. ―bozzy253, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a kid, I didn't realize how many adults were just trying to "act like adults" ―Nowyouknowmyusername, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a kid, I imagined a TV channel that only reported positive news of the world. I'm now 32, and want that more than ever. ―philipzeplin, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a kid, I thought "don't make me come up there!" was a threat. Now that I have kids, I realize it's a plea. ―TooLazyToBeClever, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a kid, I wished I could read people’s minds. And in a monkey’s paw twist, my wish was horribly granted with Facebook. ―timhamilton47, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a kid, Uber meant "the best". Now it means "Taxi". ―FearOfAllSums, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a kid, everyone wanted to be a video game tester. Now that companies just release broken games and fix them, we all got what we wished for. ―Drew1231, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a kid, the Bundy's were poor. Now I wish I could afford a house like that.... ―Im_Hugh_Mungus, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a little boy women would always say "You're going to grow up to break a lot of hearts" as a compliment. That's... kind of messed up isn't it? ―butbabyyoureadorable, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	When I was a single guy who played video games all the time, all I wanted was a girlfriend. Now, as a married guy, all I want is to be able to play video games all the time. ―johnjalex, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When I was a small child, my grandmother showed me love by playing along with my make believe games. Now that she is older and has dementia it is my turn to show love by playing along with hers. ―Flowsephine, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	When I was a younger person I had to use the Oxford dictionary to understand adult words and now that I'm an adult I have to use urban dictionary to understand younger people words. ―TheShamz, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When I was in elementary school and going through the DARE program, I was positive a gang of older kids was going to corner me and force me to smoke pot. Then I became an adult and realized nobody is giving free drugs to somebody that doesn't want them. ―halcyonwade, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When I was in high school, I was jealous of everyone dating a college student. Then I went to college and met the kind of people who date high schoolers. ―KidCudiPeakedAtMOTM, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	When I was little, my parents used to wait until I was asleep to watch shows that were inappropriate for me. Now that I'm an adult visiting family, I wait until my parents go to bed before I watch shows that are inappropriate for them. ―ANAL_DEFIBRILLATOR, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	When I was young I hated parents in the movies who tried to get their kid the protagonist to work for the family business. Now I wish I had a family business to work at, for the job and financial security ―birdonamonday, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When I was young I thought that quicksand and carnivorous plants would affect my life a lot more than it has ―Improved-Liar, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	When I was young I used to look away when characters kissed because it was gross. Now I look away because it reminds me how sad and alone I am... ―DarthSadness, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	When I was young I wanted a fireman's pole in my house. I still do but now I have twice as many intended uses for it. ―UnknownBinary, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When I was young, I couldn't use the phone when I was on the internet. Now I can't can't use the phone unless my internet is on. ―analogWeapon, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	When I was young, my dad went with me to the car dealership to make sure I didn't get ripped off. Now I go with him to the Verizon store to make sure he isn't getting ripped off. ―hackerschooldropout, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When I was younger I pretended my juice was wine, now I pretend my wine is juice. ―iamtalisman, May 2016
observations	sfw	When I was younger I thought cookie jars would be a bigger point of contention in the house. ―strongblack01, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When I was younger I was always "goose" in duck, duck, goose. I now realise it's because I was the fat kid. ―dickielegs, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	When I was younger taking selfies meant you were a loser who didn't have any friends to hold the camera for you. ―RinRehlert, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	When I was younger, I thought 21 year olds were so old and had their life together. Now that I'm older, I think 21 year olds are just big children who still are lost in life. ―sarahdempsey1993, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	When I was younger, spending $20 on DVD's and eating from the dollar menu was a regular occurrence. Now, I spend $20 making dinner and rent movies for a dollar. ―MethodMikey, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	When I'm 80 years old, will people find today's pop-culture, movies and music embarrassing? "Grandad, stop playing dub-step, it's old!" ―DeansMagicBeans, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	When I'm at home, NSFW stands for Not Safe For Wife ―basstotrout69, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	When I'm driving, I hate pedestrians. When I'm a pedestrian, I hate cars. But no matter what I'm doing, I hate bicyclists. ―ElegantElephant42, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When I'm old I will tell youngsters about when Marijuana was illegal. ―spikecannon118, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	When I'm old the fact that I'm older than Google will be really impressive ―mostinterestingdude, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When I'm old, being older than Google will be a big deal. ―jwmosher, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	When Im browsing reddit in bed next to my wife, NSFW means Not Safe For Wife ―hxcdsal, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	When I’m reading a book, it’s like I got a screenplay and I’m the director of my own movie. Your mind is awesome. ―docendodiscimus, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	When Kanye retires, he should release "Kanye's Greatest Hits", an album containing every song he's ever released on it ―embiidlejuice, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	When Ke$ha is in the EU does she go by K€sha? ―gamergatedcommunity, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	When Math teachers used to tell us "you won't always have a calculator with you" they couldn't have been more wrong. ―TillYouScream, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When Pizza is cut into squares, I lose all sense of what is a reasonable amount to eat. ―uncletugboat, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When Rick Astley really dies, nobody will click on the link because they are scared of being Rickrolled. ―PervertedPeacock, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	When Stan Lee dies, all Marvel actors and actresses should dress up in character and attend his funeral. ―orangek1tty, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	When Stan Lee dies, all the Marvel movie characters should mention they have funerals to attend for their postman/doorman/friend/stripclub DJ and then be very confused when they all show up at the same one. ―shogi_x, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When Stan Lee finally passes, the next superhero movie released afterwards should have a scene where characters meet in front of his (actual) gravestone, so he can have one last "cameo". ―RogueViator, May 2016
observations	sfw	When Superman is poisoned with kryptonite, he is literally homesick. ―brimston3-, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When Sweden is playing Denmark, it is SWE-DEN. The remaining letters, not used, is DEN-MARK. ―vestergaard92, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	When The Simpsons first aired, I was 10 years old, the same age as Bart. Today, I am Homer's age. ―jenglasser, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	When Will.I.Am dies his grave stone should say Will.I.Was ―SauceClock, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	When Woody shook the magic 8 ball in Toy Story, was it self-aware like the other toys, and consciously generating a response? ―PeterPorky, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	When a Brit says "I have a bloody nose", it's as if he just realized, to his surprise, that he has a nose. ―JustNoicingYourNoice, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	When a British person says they have a bloody nose, it sounds like they're angry at the fact that they have a nose. ―PlutoEra, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	When a Pop-Up ad appears, not once have I considered using their service before closing the ad. ―yoguy2, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	When a blind woman tells her boyfriend that she is seeing someone, it could either be really terrible news or really great news. ―TheyRedHot, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	When a browser asks "Would you like to remember this password?" there ought to be a button that says "Only if it works". ―graaahh, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	When a browser asks "do you want to save this password?" I wish "yeah but only if it works" was an option ―Exploso, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	When a child is told to say sorry like they mean it, we are essentially teaching them to fake sincerity. ―Bam801, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	When a company offers me a better price after I cancel their subscription, they're just admitting they were overcharging me. ―Rhythman, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When a deaf person gets their teeth cleaned, the tables are turned. They can communicate freely while the hygienist is forced to stop working in their mouth in order to communicate. ―botosotf, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	When a famous person dies, does Wikipedia just click a 'dead' button which changes all the words "is" to "was"? ―Stvupid, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When a father calls his daughter a princess, he is subtly calling himself a king. ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	When a gay guy hugs a girl does he say 'no hetero?' ―American_quack, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	When a girl is looking at me, the difficulty level of everything I do increases automatically. ―anuragdidit, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	When a girl says she's "not your typical girl" it makes me think she's a pretty typical girl. ―chubrub97, May 2016
observations	sfw	When a lightsaber runs low on battery, does it get shorter or dimmer? ―davidwhalley, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	When a pet is terminally ill, we euthanize it because letting it suffer is "inhumane." When a person is terminally ill, they must suffer it out because euthanizing them would be "inhumane." ―aaaaaaaaandrew, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	When a picture is more pixelated it actually has less pixels. ―c_cooper93, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	When a pregnant woman swims, she is a human submarine. ―heavywafflezombie, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	When a sorority girl wears an oversized shirt, they are wearing Schrodinger's pants. The pants may be considered simultaneously there and not there. ―DaWhompOfLegends, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When a toilet seat is cold it's horrible but when it's warm it's worse ―howtokitten101, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	When a tree is up, I cut it down. When it's down, I cut it up. ―scribbleheli, May 2016
observations	sfw	When a watch battery dies, it records the time of its own death. ―TARDIS_Salesman, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	When a webpage asks me if I'm sure I want to leave, it only makes me more sure that I definitely want to leave. ―My_New_Philosophy, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When a website doesn't work with Internet Explorer, I blame IE. When it doesn't work with Google Chrome, I blame the website. ―ot2g, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	When a woman says "we are trying for a baby," she is announcing that her husband is cumming in her every night. ―hotshot0430, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	When aliens really attack Earth, my first thought is probably going to be "Which movie came the closest?" ―dead4seven, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	When all the snow melts in NYC, they're gonna find all the bodies of the people they thought weren't getting murdered. ―AxeEffect3890, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	When an NSFW link takes longer than a few seconds to load, i start to think i was given a chance to back out and not see what ever horrible thing the link might be. Almost like fate. ―MrLeftwardSloping, May 2016
observations	sfw	When an actor or actress passes on, services like Netflix and Amazon should stream their films free to all for a week so we all may remember and enjoy them one more time. (RIP Gene) ―cvg_crazy, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When an alarm goes off, its actually turning on. ―hashbit, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	When an animal from a zoo is released into the wild, they get an sleep-injection. After they wake up and are set free, they probably think they've died and reached heaven ―youshouldvebeenthere, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When an app asks me if I'm enjoying it, I usually click "No" just to avoid being asked to review it ―Mc237269, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When an elder generation complains about about bad a younger generation is, they are basically saying that they sucked at raising kids. ―BreakfastBeerz, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When applying for a job at the NSA, do you really need a résumé? ―15MinClub, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When black &amp; white photographs were invented, they must had looked pretty weird because people had never seen the world in black &amp; white before ―WanOrigami, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When bored, you open Reddit, see the same stuff you saw an hour ago, close it, then open it up again. Reddit is like the fridge of the Internet. ―ManBearPigCereal, May 2016
observations	sfw	When boy bands sing about wanting girls who don't know they're beautiful, it sounds like they're targeting girls with low self-esteem as easy pickings. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	sfw	When browsing in incognito mode, Google should autofill your search results with all the dirty and nsfw results it refuses to do in normal mode. ―klm1234, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When browsing reddit, curiosity always drives me to click on NSFW links, no matter how odd the title is. ―unanimousness, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	When camera phones came out people said if there were aliens or ghosts, we'd finally see them. But all we got was corrupt cops. ―HaughtyLOL, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	When committing a crime, you should always bring earbuds with you so when you are running away it will just look like you are out for a jog. ―pahockey, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	When dads call their daughters princess, they are subtly calling themselves king. ―TheeOrangeCrush, May 2015
observations	sfw	When deaf people are talking with sign language, I feel like I'm the deaf one that can't hear them. ―Rhovandir, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When deaf people get in fights, they can let their fists do the talking. ―iSunMonkey, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	When divorce is done right a child goes from one unhappy home to two happy homes. ―_coast_of_maine, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When doing the limbo, if you set the bar low, then you’re setting the bar high. ―jackleinmark, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When entering a website and a video starts playing automatically, I leave immediately and never come back ―gloern, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When ever I think I'm going to get laid I ferociously clean my room. It's a win/win regardless of if I get laid or not ―yup_username_checks, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When ever I'm reading someone's story on reddit, I automatically assume it's a male. Then if they mention something that gives away that they're a female, I have to re-play the whole story in my head again to get the right context. ―goodzgamer, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When going to bed, I can never find a comfortable position. Yet when waking up, every position is comfortable. ―Scrubo, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	When horses win races we credit their lineage. When humans win races we credit their training. ―i-downvote-memes, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When information was difficult to obtain, college was cheap. Now that information is easy to access, college tuition has skyrocketed. ―mind_slop, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	When jogging, we put on special clothes so people don't think we are running from or to something. ―SoilworkFanatic, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	When marijuana becomes legalized, there's going to be a lot of confused police dogs. ―Dracovis, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	When marijuana is legal people will say 4/20 is just another commercialized holiday. ―ifcopscandoit, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	When marijuana is legal people will say 4/20 is just another commercialized holiday. ―jhonroot, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	When meeting new people, you shouldn't judge a book by its cover. However, most book covers will tell you if the book is a romance, a thriller, a mystery, or even just plain fiction. ―Sir_Silly_Sloth, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	When my dad shouts at a sport on TV, hes showing his passion for the sport. When I shout at a video game, i'm an 'angry nerd' ―Frizzin, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When my dog is let in the car he knows we are going to the beach. When I leave everyday, does he think I spend the day at the beach without him? ―bluepaintballs, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	When my grandma says "This is my jam," she means something very different than the girls at the club. ―Dangermanagement, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	When my iPhone says "Siri not available" it should be in a voice other than Siri's. ―naturehatesyou, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	When my kitten playfully tries to bite my wrist he's probably instinctively going for my hands "neck". ―Onzi, May 2014
observations	sfw	When my laptop is plugged in and I'm using headphones there is essentially a continuous string of wires/technology connecting my body to some power plant miles away. ―logeypierogie, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	When my parents owned a huge VHS camcorder, they filmed everything. Now that there's a video camera in their pocket, they film nothing. ―GlassHouses8, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	When my son is old enough to post on reddit I really will have done OP's mom. ―KingBooRadley, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	When my tongue is burned from drinking hot beverages I realize how much I underappreciate the time my tongue is not burned ―naughty_farmer, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	When my wife's parents encourage us to have children, they're really just telling me to bareback and creampie her more often. ―butihardlyknowher, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	When our generation becomes old, retirement homes will become the ultimate LAN party! ―dstrait3, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	When parents get a divorce, they should have to switch houses every week so the kids don't have to. ―dandkim, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	When people are sick they are actually NSFW ―Nilzone, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When people ask you how your day is, they aren't prepared for any response other than "good" ―fadadapple, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When people don't sit next to me on public transit I feel both slightly relieved and slightly rejected. ―eighthedition, May 2016
observations	sfw	When people don’t sit next to me on public transit I feel both slightly relieved and slightly rejected. ―Jack_leon25, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When people post a picture of a sunset at the beach and say, "it's the little things in life" I just realized that the Sun the Sky and the Ocean are the three biggest things I've seen in my life... ―nigeldickbutt, May 2015
observations	sfw	When people say "I forgot something" it is usually because they remembered something. ―ubuntulive, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When people say "I'd love to be in the zombie apocalypse!" They're basically saying, "I'd love to go on a killing spree and not feel bad about it" ―Catjak56, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	When people say "I'm 99% sure", they are probably have more certainty than someone who says "I'm 100% sure". ―RiasGremorySenpai, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	When people say "Jesus take the wheel" they are giving control to an uninsured and unlicensed driver who has never been in a car before. ―ABigOlBunkaroo, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	When people say 10 years ago I still think of the 90's ―pumpkin_seeds_, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	When pulling up Memento, Netflix should always give you the option to "resume". Think of all the people it would mess with. ―demosthenocke, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	When restaurant staff sing "Happy Birthday" and embarrass you in public, they are effectively deterring people from asking for free birthday food. ―Neon_Parrott, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When sand is dry, it behaves like a liquid. When it is wet, it behaves more like a solid. ―finob, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When saving, games should allow you to leave a note so that the next time you start playing you remember what you did or what you were going to do. ―Obelisdev, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	When saying "poop" your mouth moves just like your anus does while taking one. ―MacuahuitI, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	When saying the phrase "Ctrl + Alt + Del", people never use the full version of Alt. ―Crowdfunder101, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	When self driving cars become popular, drunk driving could mean waking up in a completely different city or even country because you drunkenly told your car to take you somewhere. ―ZanderDogz, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	When self driving cars become the norm, gaining control of your car could be almost as scary as losing control is today. ―r6guy, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When somebody's IQ drops below a certain threshold, it no longer becomes acceptable to mock or criticize their intelligence. ―fullpaytax, May 2016
observations	sfw	When someone dies on a TV show, we are basically watching them get fired. ―therap321, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When someone else makes you laugh in your dream, your brain came up with that joke. Of course you think it's funny. ―JimmyBroJammas, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	When someone gets arrested they should be allowed to make a one sentence statement to accompany their mugshot. Like a senior yearbook quote. ―whicketywack, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When someone gives you their phone number, it's like them giving you the password to talk to them. ―R6dave000, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	When someone goes on a rant and writes "U" or "Ur" they immediately lose all credibility. ―Unhung_Zero, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When someone named Ed is walking down the street, everyone walking towards him is Edward. ―applesauce_pants, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	When someone pulls up in a Kia Soul and gets out of the car and they aren't a hamster I'm a little disappointed. ―Zero_Cool_72, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	When someone says "I'm not book smart, I'm street smart", all I'm hearing is you're not smart. ―WIPackerGuy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When someone says "you know what they say about assuming", they are assuming you know what they say about assuming. ―Ferfrendongles, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	When someone says 'ten years ago' my immediate thought is not 2005... ―crunchyturtles, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	When someone says they've lost 2 or 3 pounds in a short amount of time, I picture them taking a giant dump and then stepping on the scale in victory. ―I_was_serious, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When someone says, "You just made my day", it usally makes the other person's day ―magiclol, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	When someone tells you to go and do a chore you were about to do anyway, it makes you about 100 times less willing to do it ―mrdino11, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When someone tells you, "don't let anyone tell you how to live your life," it's someone telling you how to live your life. ―CansOfKrylon, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	When someone writes "tho" I think "ugh". I'm not judging them that's just what's missing. ―BlackBox-, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When stores hand you a 'money off your next purchase' voucher once you've paid, we should all start passing them on to the people waiting in line behind us. ―Billogi, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	When the North Korean citizens finally get freedom of information and internet they're going to realize the whole world was making fun of their country ―DanTheManVan, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	When the Pope dies, is he being fired or promoted? ―Lynchie24, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	When the book for a class is written by a professor, it feels like they're trying to give me their mixtape. ―Shobzz, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	When the first child is born on Mars, we will have add Planet of Birth to our passports. ―Zetsubou_, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	When the first single celled organism divided, it created life on earth in its own image ―JonesLanding, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	When the human body gets sick it heats up to kill off germs. The earth is sick and its heating up will probably kill off humans. Are we earth germs? ―PM_ME_YOUR_OUTRAGE, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	When the internet first became popular we were afraid of people from the internet finding us in real life, now we're afraid of people in real life finding out about our lives on the internet. ―anextphilosophy, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	When the inventor of the USB stick dies, they will lower the coffin, then bring it back up, turn it around, then lower it again. ―aajw98, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	When the older generations says this generation is terrible, they're really saying they sucked as parents. ―KushTheKitten, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When the person who invented the usb dies, they better put the coffin in the ground, bring it back out, flip it over and put it back in. ―DanielCozzella, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When there's an earthquake, coffins become huge underground maracas. ―Crazykool5, May 2015
observations	sfw	When thinking about the first time I saw my wife naked when we were in high school, I'm thinking about a 16 year old. ―hindu_child, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	When translated, "The Los Angeles Angels" literally means "The The Angels Angels". ―AkrArsenal, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	When uneducated Muslims in the Middle East see pictures of KKK members, do they think it's a group of women? ―reediculus1, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	When using Snapchat, there should be the option to add an NSFW tag to a snap so people don't open it in public. ―OmegaTigBitties, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	When we animate dogs, we give them facial features that make it easier for us to understand their emotions. I wonder how a dog would animate a human so that they could understand us better. ―SnazzyJaffle, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When we colonize Mars Time zones are gonna get a lot more complicated ―Ookami82, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	When we drop our phones, we panic. When our friends fall to the ground, we laugh. ―Phileap, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	When we finally invented a three-dimensional mode of transport, we named it a "plane" ―GetItReich, May 2016
observations	sfw	When we hear the hispanic soccer chat, "Olé Olé Olé Olé," the French hear, "With milk, with milk, with milk with milk!" ―willpac828, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	When we kill mosquitos after we notice they landed on us, we are naturally selecting stealthy mosquitos to reproduce. ―bapolex, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When we land on Mars, we need to choose the metric system or the imperial system and never introduce the other. Ever. ―westicles11, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When we make alien contact I wonder if any of our common household items will look like their genitals and forever be ruined ―justhereforhides, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	When we make contact with aliens, conspiracy theorists will make a 180 and say extraterrestrials don't exist. ―tehpikey, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	When we say that mosquitoes have no role in the ecologic system, maybe their role is to kill humans. ―DogeSaint-Germain, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	When we want another's thoughts, we say "penny for your thoughts." When we offer up our own, we say "putting my two cents in." We value our own opinion twice as much. ―Conkrad, May 2016
observations	sfw	When weed becomes legal everywhere, Amazon is going to make billions on to-your-doorstep weed delivery. ―uncle_drunky, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	When you "bite down" on something, you're actually "biting up" because you can't move your top jaw ―okspeck, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	When you "water" something you add water to it, but when you "milk" something you take milk from it. ―DefinitelyNotATree, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	When you are 20 you put the empty bottles of booze you drank up as a trophy. When you are 30 you hide them before anyone sees them. ―Handsomecaleb, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	When you blow out your candles on your birthday, wish to die this year. Tell someone what you wished for. Repeat. Become immortal. ―jsabot, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	When you buckle your seatbelt, you are wearing your car. ―djm3bp, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When you buy Halloween candy to hand out as an adult, it's like you are paying for all the free candy you got when you were a kid. ―lauralyla, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	When you buy Halloween candy to hand out as an adult, it's like you are paying for all the free candy you got when you were a kid. ―planetsalic, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When you buy a bigger bed you have more bed room and less bedroom. ―DrJekl, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When you buy a vinyl record, you get a free digital download of the album. So if you buy a hardcover book, you should get the e-book version for free. ―kman48, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When you buy a washing machine it should come with a laundry basket that indicates how much can fit into the washing machine. ―Muchachi, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	When you buy something from a blacksmith, whoever smelt it dealt it. ―WilsonHanks, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	When you catch a leaf falling from a tree, you're holding something that has never touched the ground. ―JayPlay69, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When you change "woman" to "women", the A changes to an E, but it's the sound of the O that changes. ―Stalins_Grandson, May 2015
observations	sfw	When you change the w's in "where, what, and when" to t's you get the answers: "there, that, and then". ―[deleted], Sep 2014
observations	sfw	When you clean out a vacuum cleaner, you then become a vacuum cleaner. ―EnzohGorlami, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When you die without children, you're the first of millions of ancestors to not reproduce. ―what_he_has_had, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	When you dip a French fry into ketchup you're dipping potato into tomato. ―[deleted], Jan 2014
observations	sfw	When you donate blood, it will flow in someone else's boner. ―GallowBoob, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	When you drink a bottle of whisky both you and the bottle end up drunk by the other. ―bath_mole, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	When you drink alcohol you are just borrowing happiness from tomorrow ―benji9t3, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	When you drink alcohol, both you and the alcohol get drunk. ―see_mohn, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	When you eat at home as a family, everyone eats the same meal. But if you went out to a restaurant and everyone ordered the exact same thing, that'd be considered strange and even frowned upon ―sendmefrenchfries, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	When you eat meat, your body turns dead meat into alive meat. ―TitanicMan, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	When you eat ribs you're eating a part of the animal that evolved specifically to protect the animal but is now one of the reasons the animal was killed. ―5years8months3days, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	When you first start dating someone, you are entering an unspoken contest to see who can hold their farts in the longest. ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	sfw	When you get an uncomfortable boner and have to shift it's position, you're adjusting for inflation. ―[deleted], Feb 2015
observations	sfw	When you have a fever, your body is basically saying "Kill it with fire!" To a virus. ―KnockMellyKnock, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	When you have a lot, you have hair. When you only have a few, you have hairs. ―frostykeys, May 2016
observations	sfw	When you kill a cockroach and put it in the trashcan it's kinda like sending it to their version of heaven ―anonymouse212, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When you lay a sand timer on its side, it looks like an infinity sign and the timer stops ―Eddie_14, May 2015
observations	sfw	When you lay awake at night, your brain is that one guy at the sleepover that all the other organs wish would shut up and go to sleep. ―jackleinmark, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When you lose a glove or shoe, there should be a place to donate the remaining glove or shoe to people with only one limb ―pablosnazzy, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When you lose weight, you're less content and more content. ―SugaryShrimp, May 2015
observations	sfw	When you meow at a cat and it meows back, could it be correcting your mispronunciation? ―asdffgtqwe54, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	When you order a slice of pizza from a pizza place, you're sharing a pizza with a group of strangers ―k8t123, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	When you order food at a restaurant, you always start your order with a drink. At a fast food joint, you always end your order with a drink. ―_GIROUXsalem, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	When you pass roadside memorials on the highway, it's kinda like you're beating their highscore. ―Gundament, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	When you pop bubble wrap, you're releasing a bi-product of the import. Chinese air. ―octafed, May 2014
observations	sfw	When you put cheese on a burger, you are garnishing a dead cow with a product of it's own breast milk. ―username-rage, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	When you say "forward" or "back" your lips move in that direction. ―brevixen, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	When you say "the uhhhhhh..." in the middle of a sentence while trying to remember something, your brain is vocalizing its loading icon. ―ElectricFlesh, May 2016
observations	sfw	When you say 'Forward' or 'Back', your lips move in those directions. ―ManofProto, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	When you say longitude or latitude your mouth follows the correct direction of the word said. ―Serialnarcisist, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	When you say the word "crisp", it moves from the back of your mouth to the front as you say it. ―ReddyAmyFire, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	When you search "Best SEO (search engine optimization) tutorial", you can trust the first result. ―dirtydansie, May 2015
observations	sfw	When you see a word missing an e (like Flickr or Tumblr), that's the present trying to look like the future. When you see a word with an extra e (think Ye Olde Towne Bar &amp; Grille), that's the present trying to look like the past. ―mrsaturdaypants, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	When you see responses to a deleted comment, it's a bit like when kenny talks. Everyone else knows what he says, but your left to figure it out on your own. ―OwowowOwows, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	When you start using Reddit everyone appears to be smarter than you, a few months later you realize you're surrounded by mob mentality. ―Qureshi2002, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	When you step onto asphalt, you are standing on a nearly unbroken web which extends over almost the entire continent ―kenyonsky, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When you think your job sucks, remember that the AARP has an IT tech support team. ―BubbRubbsSecretSanta, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	When you turn 30, you'll have lived about a full month of your life as your birthday. ―yesitsnicholas, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	When you turn thirty, your fifteen year old mistakes become fifteen year old mistakes. ―[deleted], May 2014
observations	sfw	When you unmatch someone on Tinder it asks why. One option should be "I was drunk last night but now I'm sober." ―salb3039, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	When you want to make sure a piece of paper doesn't get folded, you put it in something called a folder. ―SixesandNines, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	When you're a child, dirty jokes are considered adult. However, when you're an adult, dirty jokes are considered juvenile/immature. ―Rap3DBac0N, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	When you're a child, you must not swear in front of adults. When you're an adult, you must not swear in front of children. It's only acceptable to swear in front of people your own age. ―PennsyltuckyHardcore, May 2016
observations	sfw	When you're a kid and somebody swears, you're like "dude, don't swear, there are adults around." As an adult when someone swears you're like "dude, don't swear, there are kids here." ―SpooningThemSoftly, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	When you're a kid, dare is the scarier option. When you're an adult, it's truth. ―IntoTheMystic1, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	When you're a kid, staying up late makes you feel like an adult. When you're an adult, staying up late makes you feel like a kid. ―bigandz, May 2016
observations	sfw	When you're alive, it's air conditioning. When you're dead, it's refrigeration. ―arub, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	When you're checking people out on Facebook with your smartphone, it's like a human pokedex ―Lilchubbychunk, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	When you're criticised for being short, they're really just saying the worst thing about you is that there isn't more of you ―JaSfields, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	When you're fat, everyday is leg day. ―thelifeofbumbum, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	When you're home alone, you're not afraid of being alone; you're scared of NOT being alone. ―angiespook, May 2016
observations	sfw	When you're pregnant you have to drink virgin drinks. ―CourageKitten, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	When your grandmother says "That's nice dear." It's equivalent to "Cool story bro." ―ajax1264, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	When youtubers die their children will have hours upon hours of voice/video recording to remember them by. ―MasterLemons, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever C-3P0 exclaimed "Thank the Maker!" in the original trilogy, he was referring to Darth Vader. ―JZA1, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Whenever Disney "re-imagines" an animated classic as a live action film, they use so much CGI that they’re essentially making an animated film. ―Try2bAmused, May 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I encounter a 30 second video ad, I silently think "This is a big waste of my time", before spending 2 more hours watching meme compliations for the rest of the night ―PM_ME_UR_A_CUP, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I enter my house and a bad smell is no longer there, I'm more worried that I got used to the smell than the smell actually being gone. ―StrahansToothGap, May 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I hear my own voice in a recording, it just makes me want to apologize to everyone that I've ever spoken to. ―MrSexysPizza, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Whenever I hear the word "Egyptians" I never think of it referring to the people who currently live in Egypt. ―ZeLittleMan, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Whenever I look at nature, I still find it amazing we were able to turn those raw items into HDTVs, smart phones and other technology. ―Hardcorish, May 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I misspell a word so badly that auto-correct can't recommend anything, I feel like I've beaten AI by being a moron. ―Tank1an, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I need to spell 'beautiful' I always think back to Bruce Almighty. ―Flat_Man, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I scoop a dead fish out of my tank, I feel like that airship from the hunger games. ―toesox, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Whenever I see "TL;DR", I smile because of the happy, winking guy in the middle of it. ―Sunshiny_Day, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I see a typing mistake on the Internet, I check my keyboard to see if it's a reasonable error or not. ―MoghyBear, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I see a typo, I always look at the keyboard to see if the wrong letter is close to the letter that should have been used ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I see, "Do Not Use Knife" on a box, what I read is, "Use Knife Carefully". ―flyin_lynx, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I see/hear someone blaring music from their car, I instantly think 'douche bag'. When I do it, I figure everyone thinks 'there goes a guy with a great taste in music, what a legend!'. ―Beerismygame, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I start to feel like I'm different or unique I come on Reddit and realize there are thousands of people just like me ―Pm9000, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I talk to my co-workers at work we talk about our personal lives, but whenever we hang out outside of work, we talk about work. ―RVVill, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I think I made a bad choice, I remember the number of publishing companies that said no to Harry Potter ―TinySassQueen, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I think of the sea I think of beaches and ports but never of the miles of nothing and darkness that makes up the most of it. ―GetKiwan, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I type 'etc..' I'm completely out of examples. ―what10134, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I type 'etc...' It usually means I'm completely out of examples. ―darrenphillipjones, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever I yell at my dog to stop barking, he probably thinks "Awesome now we're both barking". ―Rumbledore9, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever Reddit goes down, my first thought is to go to Reddit to find out why. ―Altephor1, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever a famous person dies, someone goes through their entry on Wikipedia and changes every "is" into a "was" ―cortexstack, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	Whenever a human walks through a spider web I bet the spider who built it is super psyched for a few seconds that he caught something so big ―Rdubya44, May 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever a kid has sadly died, the news reports they were bright and popular. Unlikeable stupid kids are immortal. ―Breeze_in_the_Trees, May 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever a teacher allowed students to make a cheat sheet for a test, they were conning us into actually studying ―tkarocker, May 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever a well known person dies, someone on Wikipedia has to change every "is" and "are" to "was" and "were" ―walc, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Whenever commercials state that they are using real people and not actors I think about how insulting that must be to actors to not be considered real people. ―Feathers_, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever someone doesn't cite their sources I don't believe them, but when they do I don't even bother checking the sources. ―UnofficialGOD, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever someone famous dies, there is always someone that thinks "Gotta edit that wikipedia page" ―Ahhchemistrywork, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever someone makes a typo, I always look at my keyboard to see if the wrong letter is close enough to the correct letter to be justifiable. ―Ball_til_I_fall, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever someone says their zodiac sign is enough to describe them on its own, it is. But probably not for the reason they think. ―Bebhead, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever someone talks about a sexual experience on Reddit I always imagine the people involved as being really hot, but they're most likely not at all. ―phizzman, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever someone uses "my partner" I can't help but think they are gay, regardless of situation. ―Bpbegha, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever the brain and the heart fight , its always the liver that suffers. ―rockyverma4, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Whenever you dig up dirt or a rock, that could be the first time it has seen the sun in millions of years. ―sjblake83, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Whenever you paint the walls of a room, the room gets smaller, slightly. ―StackShitThatHigh, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Whenever you sneak or hide in a video game, the computer notices you, tells the enemy AI and Mobs where you are and then forbids them from interacting with you. ―LandmineFrisbee, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Wherever a fatal car crash or pedestrian death occurs, a red square with the year of the accident should be permanently included in the pavement. Seeing a lot of red squares in a given location would make drivers and pedestrians more careful. ―KubrickIsMyCopilot, May 2016
observations	sfw	Whether a Vacuum is on or off, it's always collecting dust. ―ZygoMattic, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Whether you type "111111" or "123456", you will most likely think the same numbers while entering it. ―lewinernst, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Whether you're a woman or a straight man, taking a bra off is likely to be one of the high points of your day. ―postmodulator, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Whether you're going the speed limit, under the speed limit or over the speed limit, someone is going to be irritated with you. ―HuskyBowner, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	While Apple's new campus is being built, I wonder how many jokes have been made about "installing windows" ―switchtrip16, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	While a picture may be worth a thousand words, a movie is usually only worth half of a book. ―WiggyWare, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	While asleep, our brains are capable of assembling complex narratives set in fantastical worlds; populating them with beings and structures, all perfectly animated and rendered... While awake, we're lucky if we can draw a decent stick figure. ―aesu, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	While growing up, the Bermuda Triangle seemed like a real threat for a while there. ―kiwifruitfury, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	While searching on Google, I find myself still clicking the "did you mean" link even after Google has loaded the results I wanted ―Jdcarty, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	White people could refer to each other as nillas. ―wtfmuck, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Who invented clapping? Someone literally saw something they liked and said "I like this so much I'm going to slam my hands together." ―kerska, May 2013
observations	sfw	Who keeps giving homeless people sharpies? ―Ya_ya_ya_ya, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Who looked at a bowl of rice and was like " I bet the most efficient way of eating this is with two sticks" ―cchen080, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Who named it Karma and not Kreddit ―dimlitnooks, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Who the hell figured out how butterflies work? Was there just someone randomly in the right place at the right time, or was someone deliberately following a caterpillar around like "this bug is up to something cool and I know it." ―wrestles_bears, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Who's crazier? A man who believes he has a talking dog? OR a man who ignores consistently great advice from his dog? ―Cyrax7, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Whoever came up with the term 'Ex-fiancées' really missed the opportunity to call them 'Near-Mrs' ―adamkk, May 2015
observations	sfw	Whoever decided beards are unprofessional probably couldn't grow one ―Humpt, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Whoever decided farts are embarrassing really ruined it for the rest of us. ―elreydelosgueys, May 2016
observations	sfw	Whoever decided that an uppercase 'I' and lowercase 'l' should look exactly the same on a computer was a sadistic monster. ―garrettbtm22, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Whoever designed the headphone jack really knocked it out of the park. Universal compatibility for several decades now. ―FricasseeingRabbit, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Whoever invented Thundershirts for pets with anxiety missed a huge opportunity by not calling it Thunderwear ―weirdsaladstuff, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Whoever is controlling me sucks at this game ―autoadmit, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Whoever named "Now You See Me 2" missed a really obvious joke when they didn't name it "Now You Don't." ―Ihavenofriendzzz, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Whoever put the "b" in "subtle" is a genius. ―drumminbird, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Whoever put the “b” in “subtle” was a really clever person. ―55827493827, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Whoever the first person was to try honey had to be really hungry. ―TouchMyPaws, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Why are all dildos circumcised? ―Wyatt1313, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Why are people so conflicted about what happens after death, but rarely wonder what happens before birth, since they're likely the same states of nonexistence? ―Schytzophrenic, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Why are the words "shampoo" and "conditioner" the hardest ones to find on the bottle? ―JackFleck, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Why are there 2 A's in Aaron? Why not 6? What's stopping us? ―sdendis, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Why are there no medium sized rappers? whats wrong with middle wayne? ―onefrwar94, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Why are wedding dresses bought and tuxedos rented? The utility of each is such that it should be the other way around. ―the_humeister, May 2016
observations	sfw	Why aren't anal cream pies called moonpies ―knifeaddict, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Why aren't cereal bags zip-loc yet? ―Not_your_pot_dealer, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Why aren't iPhone chargers called apple juice? ―MopsWilly, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Why aren't there men's underwear that say "Willy Wonka" on the front, and "The Chocolate Factory" on the back? ―[deleted], Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Why aren't there washing machines and dishwashers that you can pour a gallon of detergent into and they automatically add it to loads? ―theresamouseinmyhous, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Why aren't we more amazed that parrots can talk? ―THCSandman, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Why can't we just have 13 months in a year? 365 ÷ 13 ≈ 28 days in a month, meaning each month would have four 7 day weeks. It's so perfect. ―TigTrivers, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Why did Cinderella's shoe fall off if it fit her perfectly?' ―rwarasaurus, May 2014
observations	sfw	Why did the Empire bother to compact their garbage if they just ejected it into space anyway? ―AMeanCow, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Why didn't Cinderella glass slipper turn back into a crappy shoe after midnight? ―Pun-Chi, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	Why didn't Jennifer Aniston's nipples ever win an Emmy Award for their role in the TV show "Friends" ? They were in nearly every episode and always gave a solid performance. ―Cropgun, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Why do "open minded" people get mad at "close minded" people? Shouldn't they be a little more open minded to a closed mind? ―jmrambo, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Why do I continually make the mistake of expecting intelligent conversations on sites where I might very well be talking to 13-year-olds? ―Westbrook000, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Why do baby clothes have pockets? ―Nerd514, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Why do fat guys have to deal with rejection but fat girls are meant to be loved for who they are? ―RaynerJ, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Why do people I meet feel the need to tell me about a Japanese roommate or Chinese girlfriend they once had in college just because I'm Korean? I should just reply by telling them about an Irish prostitute I once had. ―portajohnjackoff, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Why do people say "tuna fish" when they don't say "beef mammal" or "chicken bird"? ―KaptainH, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Why do storm troopers wear that cumbersome looking armor if all it takes is one shot from a blaster to kill them anyway? ―Neverhugaduck, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Why do the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles wear masks? Are they afraid that someone will discover their actual identities... giant muscular bipedal turtles? ―JustDudeStuff, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Why do the ninja turtles wear masks they're the only giant turtles around. *My 5yo asked me this* ―Superflydownsyguy, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Why do they call it, the 'roof' of your mouth. Since it is inside your mouth shouldn't it be called the 'ceiling'? ―krushingit, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Why do they offer 2014 as an option when selecting your birth date? Like you're fresh out of the womb ready to join Gmail. ―DallieCavis, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Why do women's razor ads always show someone shaving their already perfectly hairless leg? Like, show me your razor shaving a man's leg, or a gorilla, and I'd be a lot more likely to buy it. ―JerryHasACubeButt, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Why does Sally sell seashells down by the seashore? That seems like the place demand would be lowest and supply the highest. Economics 101 Sally. ―Phister_BeHole, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Why does every one associate Satan with heavy metal? For all we know, he might like smooth jazz ―AMVRocks, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Why does my brain assume that new gadgets are delicate but as they get older they become stronger ―Astalapista, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Why does no one refer to a one-night-stand as a Humpty Dumpty? ―wahwahwaaaaah, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Why does the Price is Right have commercials if the whole show is basically advertising products? ―-JS-, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Why doesn't Tarzan have a beard? ―Assbutting, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Why doesn't Tarzan have a beard? ―timopod5, Nov 2013
observations	sfw	Why doesn't a liquor brand use the saying "you miss 100% of the shots you don't take"? ―[deleted], Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Why doesn't anyone ever come back from a near death experience claiming Hell is for real? ―TheReal_JimmyK, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Why doesn't apple create a simple to use laptop, for old people, called the granny smith.. ―jmt627, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Why don't Villains spray paint all the bomb wires black. ―EsquireKing, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Why don't jedis turn off their opponents lightsabers by force pressing the button? ―IntensePlatypus, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Why don't pizza companies have icecream -style trucks drive around in the evenings making pizzas on request? I would come running if I heard the Pizza Van playing greensleeves in our street. ―logocracycopy, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Why don't toothpaste companies make a drowsy toothpaste so when you brush before bed it helps you sleep? ―jacobburns, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Why don't we send all of the unwanted pets to prisons to be cared for by the more responsible inmates? That way the animals get a home and the inmates learn more about responsibility for something other than themselves. ―jint3i, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Why don't we take all of the "forever alone" girls from Tumblr, and match them with "forever alone" guys from Reddit? ―FBI_SURV_VAN_69, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Why don't wheelchairs have pedals for when your arms get tired? ―SneakyNinja76, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Why hasn't anyone strapped some cameras onto a sperm whale? They regularly dive into the deepest parts of the ocean and supposedly fight giant squids. ―MordorsFinest, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	Why haven't Missy Elliott and Baskin Robbins teamed up for "Get Ur Free Cone" day yet? ―caphis, May 2015
observations	sfw	Why is Homer Simpson considered a professional failure? He is able to support a whole family in their own house as the sole earner. ―[deleted], Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Why is it okay for the main character in movies to kill hundreds of innocent people working for the bad guys just to save a specific person important to him. I mean those guys had families too. ―Parry11, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Why is it people often ask, "where will I go when I die," but rarely ask, "where was I before I was born"? ―am_i_here, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Why is suicide selfish, but expecting someone to go on with their unwanted life so nobody has to deal with the "loss" isn't? ―ChanceTheFapper1, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Why is there no adult Easter egg hunt!? A hunt where inside the plastic eggs are drink tickets for a beer garden. And brunch would be served. It would be glorious. ―Tiialicia, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Why isn't Tinder's slogan "We have the tinder, all you need is a match?" ―Sammydee123, May 2015
observations	sfw	Why isn't tinder called "eBae" ―catslovecheese, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Why not make every bathroom unisex, with 100% private stalls instead of building two sets of bathrooms with stalls and/or urinals. ―Tekki, May 2016
observations	sfw	Why not make reddit skins that look like Microsoft Outlook, LotusNotes and other frequently used email software so that people could browse while at work. ―TheManOfTimeAndSpace, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Why on earth are cereal bags not Ziploc yet? ―nyc_daniel, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Why on earth are cereal bags not ziploc yet? ―saraboulos, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Why should i go to someones funeral when I know for a fact that they will not go to mine? ―drybonespwns, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Why the HELL don't individual Poptart packages tell you what flavor they are?! What anarchy this is. ―AndrewWaldron, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Why was /r/starwars not called /r/2d2? ―HaHaHalfie, May 2014
observations	sfw	Why was it called 'The Cosby Show' if Bill Cosby played a guy named Cliff Huxtable? ―Shannonagannery, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Why would anybody buy a bookmark for a dollar when they could use a dollar as a bookmark? ―NOTW_116, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Why would the guy who thought superman was a bird feel like he had to yell to everyone on the block about it ―13langee, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Wile E. Coyote is an embarrassment to his species. Coyotes can max out at roughly 43 mph but roadrunners top out at 20 ―rainbowdashtheawesom, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Will Ferrell and Pharrell Williams have very similar names, just reversed. ―peanut_crisis, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	Will Ferrell should star in an comedy where he and three other comedians are members of a washed-up Boy Band past their prime. ―The_UnApologist, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Will Smith has one of the most generic white guy names ever ―bamboo-coffee, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Will Smith's son, Jaden Smith, should star in a REVERSE fresh prince of bel-air, where he moves from a rich California neighborhood to an impoverished city one. ―PEALYO, May 2015
observations	sfw	Willy Wonka got pretty lucky that all the winners spoke English ―surfkaboom, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	Willy Wonka sent out his chocolate bars worldwide, and 5 white kids (4 with first-world problems) still won. ―sunbandit, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Wind conditions at my desk have never necessitated a paper weight ―wilhelmAHHH, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Windows 10 rebooting without permission is like your mother coming into your room, closing all the books on your desk, and putting them away while your in the middle of a massive research project. There seems to be no stopping it. ―joetheschmo13, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Windows should make an antivirus program called Microsoft Officer. ―The_Anal_Intruder, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Windows' "checking a solution to the problem" feature when a program crashes has never found the solution to the problem. ―itsjustjaden, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Winnie the Pooh stars two kangaroos and a rabbit, yet the tiger is the one known for bouncing ―Ganonthegreat, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Winning a jar of jelly beans by guessing how many are in the jar is probably the worse prize ever because someone counted every one of those beans and I bet they didn't wear gloves. ―growleroz, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Winter is really going to separate the Pokémon Masters from the Pokémon Trainers ―Umbrifer, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Wireless mice should be called hamsters ―greentrafficcone, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Wish I were a little kid so I could take a long nap and everyone would just be proud of me. ―macaronithemagicpony, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Witches have black cats because if they had white cats they would have white cat hair all over their clothes. ―dizeaze, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	With 3D printing in a few years we'll feasibly be able to torrent a Lego set. ―Astrike30, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	With 7 billion people on Earth, every single day (24 hour period) there is over 19 million years of human experience that occurs. ―aquaticMisanthrope, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	With 7 billion people, getting laid is statistically the easiest it's ever been in the history of the world. Yet I'm still home alone. In my boxers. On reddit. ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	With Disney owning Marvel, Pixar and Star Wars plus the upcoming introduction of Doctor Strange (alternate dimensions), it is entirely possible to see a three way crossover of The Incredibles, The Avengers and the Jedis in the same film, as a musical. ―joeycloud, May 2016
observations	sfw	With Guitar Hero no longer in production, my ability to play the game on Expert mode is a useless talent I'll never be able to preform again. ―Divebomb_Dan, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	With Jesus Christ's blood-alcohol level being about 14% alcohol (typical of wine), it is very irresponsible to encourage him to take the wheel. ―mwhaskin, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	With Kanye announcing his run for Presidency in 2020 and Trump running for 2016, we are literally one step closer to Idiocracy. ―MacinTez, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	With PornHubs new idea of planting a tree per 100 videos watched, I am single handedly saving the world. ―cFc_90, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	With Sesame Street moving to HBO, I wonder which character will be killed off first? ―scottcmu, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	With a good enough 3D printer, I could download more RAM. ―Gamermii, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	With all the horrors and tragedies in the US it's almost like it was built on an ancient Indian burial ground. ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	sfw	With as much as I use my cell phone I don't believe it's ever made an appearance in one of my dreams ―Nogger_smogger, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	With every passing second you very slowly move up the leaderboard for oldest living person. ―paul193, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	With infinite universes, think of another version of you and say 'hi'. There's a version of them thinking of you and saying 'hi'. You just communicated through dimensions using probability. ―Clarkey7163, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	With inflation the way it is, there will be a time when the Harriet Tubman $20 will only be worth 3/5 of what the Andrew Jackson 20 is now worth. ―KayakBassFisher, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	With less than a quarter of his net worth, Bill Gates could buy every team in the NBA, draft himself, and pay every player in the league to play worse than him so that he's the number one all star ―CasualCharlie, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	With so many kids using iPads and other tablets, Apple should have a setting that makes Siri ask for proper manners to help teach them since they talk to her so often. ―TheJman967, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	With so many people in the world, every time a microwave counts down to Zero, it's counting down to the end of someone's life. ―Boss_Taurus, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	With the advent of the smart phone, I probably learn more on the toilet than anywhere else in the house. ―SirWizzleoftheTeets, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	With the amount of "stop, drop, and roll" education I received growing up, I kinda thought catching on fire would be a more common problem as an adult. ―fdubzou, May 2015
observations	sfw	With the way that 2016 has been going so far, the next season of South Park should be amazing. ―mayttr, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	With water, it's a puddle, but with blood, it's a pool. ―TheRealTMBS, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	Without life, the universe would never have known it existed. ―BlackPresident, May 2014
observations	sfw	Without the water, a shower would be nothing but 10-15 min of fondling yourself. ―fighter1495, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Wiz Khalifa's password for everything should be "BlackAndYellow" and the hint should be "You know what it is." ―Mike09220, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	Wizards smoke out of long pipes so they do not risk setting their beards on fire. ―Alistar1996, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Wolverine could've saved more lives by becoming a multiple organ donor than being an x men. ―subliminalthoughts31, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Wolverine is the least polite of the X-Men, despite the fact he is Canadian. ―CaptCash, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Wolverine should be donating his organs over and over again every single day. ―duckyducksworth, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Women are born with all the eggs they'll ever have. So though I was born in the 1980s, I've existed since the 1950s. ―grasshopper_jo, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Women are the original 3D printers. ―Kandiu09, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Women sound like murderers when they comment on each other's photos "I WANT TO BE YOU", "I WANT YOUR SKIN", "I WANT YOUR HAIR" ―WutUtalkingBoutWill, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Women tend to laugh at jokes told by men they think are attractive. It probably makes it confusing for guys who are legitimately funny but not attractive. ―spartanbadwolf, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Women's haircuts are considered good if people notice them; men's haircuts are considered good if people don't notice them. ―annoying_dumb_guy, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Wondering if whoever hacked MySpace can let me know my login information too. ―janilane17, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Words ending in "-us" are pluralized with "-i", but the plural of the word "I" is "us." ―Marx0r, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	Working from home is a very, very bad thing if you happen to be a firefighter. ―colemagoo, May 2016
observations	sfw	Working out is just tricking your body into thinking your life is harder than it actually is ―Jkizzle9, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Would humans have invented airplanes if all animals were flightless? ―lalalaurrenn, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Wouldn't cigarette companies benefit from finding a cure for cancer? ―joepostman, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Wouldn't it be great if 20 years from now someone rolls a 5 and Robin Williams comes back to us? ―jstohler, May 2015
observations	sfw	Wouldn't it be hilarious if they came up with some kind of vaccination that prevented autism? ―majorthrownaway, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Wouldn't it make more sense to to swear on the Constitution, instead of the bible, while in court? ―_Bikini_Bandit_, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Wrestling is a sport where people who don't wear pants compete for a belt. ―Vorincl3x, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	Wrestling is a sport where two people without pants fight for a belt. ―_Mordred_, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Wrestling videogames are actual competitions with no predetermined winner. Does that make them more "real" than the live action they're based on? ―lolfuckthisplace, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Writers of terms and conditions should be legally obligated to include a Tl;Dr at the end of every contract ―1800sWereTheDays, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Writing 2k15 instead of 2015 annoys me more than it should. ―MrBigBallsOO, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Wrong is spelled wrong in the dictionary. ―neal_the_seal, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	Wtf is salt? "Hey, throw this rock on your food and it will taste better. Also if you don't get enough of it you'll die, and if you get too much of it you might die too" ―EsotericFeels, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Wu-Tang Clan should release "Once Upon A Time In Shaolin" for free, making Martin Shkreli the one person who paid millions of dollars for something that everyone else got for free. ―DukeFlapjack, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	X88B88 looks like the word voodoo reflecting off of itself. ―roboccohurly, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Xbox ONE sounds like the President's Xbox ―mmmnjes, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	YOLO should be an argument against being stupid, not for it. ―ObnoxiousCritic, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	Ya know all of those bad guys who went to jail at the end of all of those 80's and 90's action-comedy movies? Most of them would be out of jail by now. ―WhaleAndTheWolf, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Yelling at someone is basically like saying, "Here's my stress. It's all yours now." ―jonesn84, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Yelp is suing South Park for $10M because of their recent episode, meaning they're essentially getting upset at them over a bad review. ―atomly, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Yesterday I got a free burrito from Chipotle that they gave away as a result of the E. Coli outbreaks. I have never gotten E. Coli. Thus E. Coli has only had a positive impact on my life. ―GreatGreenGames, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Yesterday my Steam account turned 9 years old. Eventually my steam account will be older than the people I am playing against. ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	Yoda probably decided the release order of the Star Wars movies. ―samtherat6, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	You all have much more interesting showers than I do. ―jtl012, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	You are a brain, sitting inside an armoured cockpit, piloting a bone mecha. ―Voltzeh, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	You are eventually going to stub your toe again on a very hard surface and it's going to hurt a lot. It will happen someday and all you can do is wait. ―PanchDog, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	You are hearing this sentence with your eyes. ―dum-mud, May 2016
observations	sfw	You are literally always clapping, just sometimes with really long pauses. ―GaryOakz, Apr 2013
observations	sfw	You are more likely to lose your job by being a dentist shooting a lion than a cop shooting a person ―sandrewj, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	You are never finished pooping. At best, you are just between pooping. ―prettyfly4aRyguy, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	You are not "raising a child" you are "training a future adult" ―VinnyRuns, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	You are still "it" from a game of tag you played several years ago. ―AREYOUFUCKING_SORRY, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	You are younger now than you are now. ―johnfn, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	You aren't actually afraid of being left alone in your house, or in the forest; You're afraid that you AREN'T alone. ―TEarDroP414, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	You become a grown-up the moment you wish you were still a kid ―sharpandcleaver, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	You can ask a tall person for help reaching something on a tall shelf but you can't ask a short person for help grabbing something that is near the ground. ―kromtwofour, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	You can call someone who makes prosthetics a professional body builder. ―BigDaddyOstrich, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	You can safely store milk and raw beef at 101.5 °F... in a cow. ―Happy__Dad, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	You can spell "LIFE" within the letter "E" ―yumyumroar, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	You can tell Arrested Development is an old TV show because it's about a CEO who goes to prison. ―unsanitary_napkin, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	You can tell a lot about a history teacher based on when they use 'we' vs 'they' in a lecture. ―shirshine, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	You can tell someone doesn't read much if they keep trying to talk to you while you're reading a book ―scaredybat, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	You can tell that the Flintstones lived a very long time ago because they're a single-income working class family with their own house. ―MisterBadIdea2, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	You can't actually bite down. You can only bite up. ―Glaive77, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	You can't change the volume of the voice inside your head, you can however change the pitch and tone ―Sir_BaconStripper, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	You can't see photons, but photons are the only thing you can see. ―dbspeakers, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	You can't spell "american dream" without "Eric Andre" right in the middle ―malachimusclerat, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	You can't tell anything about a person from their star sign, but you can tell a lot about someone who believes in them ―astrowhiz, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	You can't turn the ability to read off. You can't look at words without automatically and instantly comprehending them. Your brain has taken a human-made thing and made it instinct. ―lilallen13, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	You could completely remove the semi colon from keyboards and the majority of people wouldn't notice until they wanted to send someone a wink. ―Willexplainmyballs, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	You could create a company called "The Leading Brand" to screw with commercials. ―PM_ME_STORY_IDEAS, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	You could destroy an entire family, simply by sending an anonymous letter saying "Your suspicions are right. -A friend" ―MinistryOfGeeks, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	You could just post a picture of a random object and say it's cake and people would be super impressed. ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	sfw	You could say that slow internet connections are constipated because they need fiber ―RagingNerdaholic, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	You could've possibly avoided future spankings as a child by saying "Spank me harder, Daddy" after the first one. ―Mx993kk, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	You don't actually bite down on anything. You bite up. ―baloo_the_bear, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	You don't have 9 foot ceilings, you have 9 foot walls. ―dwehttam, May 2016
observations	sfw	You don't kill time, times kills you. ―Quadraxus, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	You don't know your very own birth date until someone tells you. ―Bollaa, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	You don't need a parachute to skydive. You need a parachute to skydive twice. ―iris_X, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	You don't teleport to the the other edge playing PacMan, the maze is a sphere and we're looking at it like a world map. ―cashmakessmiles, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	You don't truly appreciate how good it is to not be sick until you get sick. ―eliX_au, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	You don't want a wikipedia article about your plane flight. ―kars4kidz, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	You either die a Chris Farley, or live long enough to see yourself become an Adam Sandler ―taintosaurus_rex, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	You get tears when you yawn because you miss your bed and it makes you sad. ―rohan8888, May 2015
observations	sfw	You had absolutely no say in the matter of your existence. ―SNOGLO, Sep 2013
observations	sfw	You have already seen some people for the last time ―LMAO_USERNAMES, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	You have no idea what you've forgotten about. ―Faelar, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	You have to hand it to Liquid-Plumr: They make a product you buy, take home, literally pour directly down the drain, and then you go back to buy more. ―TheAbsoluteLastWord, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	You have to understand the difference between someone who speaks to you on their free time and someone who frees their time to speak to you. ―_LMiller, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	You kill time until time kills you ―MrEdman4, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	You know a film will be serious when the studio's logo has no music. ―imofficiallybored, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	You know how people talking in slow motion kinda sounds like whales? What if we sped up whale noises and they were actually speaking people language but just really slowly ―moonkiller23, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	You know how you can tap on YouTube videos to see how much time is left? I wish I could do that when some people talk ―NSA_GOV, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	You know it's a rough week in the United States when 'first time police use robot with explosives to kill gunman' gets buried in the news. ―TheKingOfDrews, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	You know it's time to check your bank account when you're too afraid to check your bank account. ―bogidyboy, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	You know something is wrong with the healthcare system if you get sick and the first thing you worry about is "how am I going to pay for this." ―[deleted], Feb 2016
observations	sfw	You know what would be funny? If a giant monster movie turned out to be a power rangers movie at the very end. ―Whats_Up4444, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	You know what'd be really cool? If someone took all of the top /r/earthporn posts and plotted them on a map ―PM_your_linguini, May 2016
observations	sfw	You know when you tap a YouTube video to see how much longer it's got left? I wish you could do that to people when they're talking to you. ―ChiefBigwilly, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	You know you are no longer a child when getting money causes relief instead of excitement. ―Toughguy19, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	You know you're a millennial when ordering a side of guac is a financial decision. ―bobgramatges, May 2016
observations	sfw	You know you're adult when you have the freedom to eat ice cream for breakfast..... but you choose not to. ―CennaX1215, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	You know you're an adult when your house makes noises and you're scared it's an expensive repair bill and not a monster. ―producerdan, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	You know you're an adult when, instead of being excited you have more money in your account than you should, you get confused and scared. ―xsp4rrow, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	You know you're becoming an adult when you already own most of the needed ingredients for a recipe. ―hardboiledquestions, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	You know you're getting old when "Weird Al" Yankovic starts parodying songs you don't know ―yoarkiv, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	You know your job sucks if people get sentenced to do it as community service ―PM_ME_COCK_OR_COOCH, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	You know, I never would have known about Adblocker before some sites thanked me for not using it, so congratulations, you played yourself ―akabbl, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	You know, for an adult cartoon I've liked Family Guy less and less as I've grown older ―0ddStranger, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	You know, if Frodo had turned into a ringwraith, he'd be the cutest, least intimidating wraith ever. Maybe he'd even get a tiny fell-beast to ride. ―RedWinget, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	You may have accidentally set a random, bizarre world record but didn't realize it ―Ariaxiz, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	You need teeth to pronounce the word teeth. ―HatesTheHivemind, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	You never appreciate breathing through your nose, until you have a cold ―Voidshrine, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	You never know how many people you dislike until you have to name your child ―youstinkbitch, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	You never notice how curved the inside of your shoe is until you put it on the wrong foot. ―Wyatt1710, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	You never notice how many times a day you swallow until you have a sore throat. ―ttennkkuu, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	You never realize how cluttered your desk is until you spill a glass of water. ―billythenick, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	You never realize how few original Christmas songs there are until you work in retail and have to hear the same 6 songs sung by 10 different people in a 4 hr shift. ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	You never realize how many curse words are in a song until it's playing in front of your parents ―MitchReynolds35, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	You never realize how much is stolen from reddit until you start going on reddit. ―Teh_Ocean, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	You never realize how often you use a finger until you have a cut on it ―Pokenerd_Devon, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	You never really appreciate an unblocked nose until you have a blocked nose. ―babyrobotman, May 2015
observations	sfw	You never really appreciate open nostrils until they are blocked ―Eldo123, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	You never really outgrow having sleepovers. You just eventually pick one friend to sleepover every night for the rest of your life. ―BigOldQueer, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	You never truly appreciate an unblocked nose until you develop a cold and can't breathe through your nose ―theendofblue, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	You only have problems if you care. ―kries_, Jan 2014
observations	sfw	You only know how old you are because other people have told you ―RazaReact, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	You overlook something you're supposed to see, but you overhear something you're not supposed to hear. ―famouscomposer, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	You put things in a folder to keep them from getting folded ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	sfw	You seldom realize how much you took for grated a good keyboard until oe of the letters stops workig ―ReauCoCo, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	You should be able to FaceTime 911 to give them a live feed (recorded on their end for evidence) of what's happening in case something happens to you or your phone. ―ghostchief, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	You should be able to double press elevator floor buttons to cancel a mistaken choice ―Third_Cultured_Kid, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	You should be able to downvote google links that were completely worthless or spammy ―read_harder, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	You should be able to go incognito on your reddit account so you don't have to make a throwaway account. ―anooblol, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	You should be able to park in the "expecting mothers" parking spots at the mall if you are waiting to pick up your mother. ―classlessjerk, May 2014
observations	sfw	You should be able to punch one person a year in the face without repercussions, people would be a lot less douchey if they thought they might get punched in the face at anytime. ―SomedayISuppose, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	You should be able to put a tag on your username that says "learning English" so that other users can help correct your grammar and spelling without seeming like uptight assholes. ―VLKN, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	You should be able to scan the barcode of books you already own and get an ebook version for free. ―BasrieI, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	You should be able to tag a snapchat nsfw when you send it, so the person who gets if knows if they can open it in public or not ―ajibajiba, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	You should be able to text 911 if you're in a situation where it's dangerous to make noise. ―graaahh, Aug 2013
observations	sfw	You should be able to yell "BE RIGHT THERE" to your phone and since it knows you're coming, it gives you a few extra rings before sending the user to voicemail. ―salvisa, May 2015
observations	sfw	You should have an opportunity to donate blood while waiting for someone else to be treated in the ER. ―itchyd, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	You spend your entire childhood being told not to talk to strangers but as an adult its one of the most important things you have to do. ―irrigated_liver, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	You think you're unique until you have to choose a username ―High_as_red, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	You use a ladle to get broth, and a brothel to get laid. ―montana_man, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	You wake up when you die in a dream because you don't know what happens next ―jepayne21, May 2013
observations	sfw	You will never feel how long time is until you have allergies and snot slowly dripping out of your nostrils, while sitting in a classroom with no tissues. ―Alzores, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	You will never lose a game of Russian roulette as long as you live. ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	sfw	You wouldn't name your kid "Jew," so why would you name him "Christian?" ―AnalLove1, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	You'll know your English is really good when people you meet stop saying that your English is really good. ―danpetrovic, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	You'll never be as lazy as the person who named the fireplace. ―sum_buddy, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	You're all reading this from the future! ―MoocowR, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	You're meant to become an expert in something after doing it for 10000 hours, but I've been eating for way longer than that and still bite the inside of my mouth. ―Spivsy, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	You're more likely to be found unattractive for being insecure about your appearance than whatever makes you feel insecure about your appearance. ―DerekS428, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	You're not completely useless, you can be used as a bad example. ―EXCELON-JE, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	You're not the first person to read this sentence, but you are the most recent. ―Ghosttwo, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	You're the bad guy in somebody's story. ―mandalorian222, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	You're too big to ride the dog by the time you're smart enough to think to ride the dog. ―puppieseverywhere, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	You've never been in an empty room ―elitron, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	You've never met the loneliest person. ―DatOneAsain, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	YouTube Red takes something I don't want and asks me to pay for it, but RedTube takes something I'd pay for and gives it to me for free. ―lajb85, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	YouTube ads aren't getting me to watch more ads. They're just getting me to watch less YouTube. ―shuddertostink, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	YouTube became popular because people hated the commercial network format. YouTube is slowly becoming a commercial network. ―hahahehejaja, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	YouTube should have a "disable video" function leaving only the audio when listening to music in order to reduce data usage. ―LordZibo, May 2015
observations	sfw	YouTube should have an audio-only mode for listening to music on data-capped connections. ―RamjacInc, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	YouTube should let me view vertical videos in vertical full screen on my phone. ―Jkdc, May 2015
observations	sfw	YouTube should permanently disable ads on Rick Astley's 'Never Gonna Give You Up' so the joke isn't ruined ―yoloswagrofl, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	YouTube should take down every prank video and channel on April 1st, then put them back up again 24 hours later with a sign that simply says, "it's just a prank, bro." ―htepO, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	YouTube shouldn't just show how many views a video has, but the average amount of time people watch before they click away from it. ―Akaed, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Young girls wear makeup to look like the older girls who wear makeup to look younger ―raidite, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	Your 20's are a lot like your teens, except the chemical imbalances are self-imposed rather than naturally occurring. ―teton_blamer, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Your age is just the number of laps you've done around a giant fireball in the center of the solar system. ―bluetorpedo2, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Your age is just the number of laps you've done around a giant fireball in the centre of the solar system. ―Sapes, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Your age is just the number of laps you've done around a giant fireball in the centre of the solar system. ―invoker_11, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Your age shows how many laps you've done around the Sun while riding Earth ―Whale_of_Wall_Street, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Your anus can release material all three states of matter. Solid, liquid, gas. ―cupboard1, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	Your bed is a shelf you put your body on when you're not using it ―eccentricelmo, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Your bellybutton is your first scar ―nikpappagiorgio, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Your body is made of new cells every seven years. Negative reports drop from your credit after seven years. You're no longer responsible because you are literally a different person. ―ypps, May 2016
observations	sfw	Your capability is literally the cap to your ability ―MrAw3som3, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Your car keys have more mileage than your car. ―rollingsweetpotato, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Your dog doesn't know you can make mistakes. When you trip over him in the dark, he thinks you got up just to kick him in the head. ―Throw13579, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Your dogs butt would be a good place to smuggle drugs past a drug dog ―armpitchoochoo, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Your eyes water when you yawn because you miss your bed and that makes you sad ―thefred_mcgriff, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	Your first erection is an erection, subsequent erections are resurrections. ―Pianoooo, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Your first time jerking off should be called your Faptism. ―pupton_sinclair, Dec 2013
observations	sfw	Your future self is desperately wishing you would do something right now. ―DiZeez, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Your future self is watching you right now through memories. ―Zwall_, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	Your handwriting is like the accent of your hands. ―What-the-curtains, Jun 2015
observations	sfw	Your life is basically an interview for people to attend your funeral. ―walker419, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	Your lips don't touch when you say "touch" but touch when you say "separate". ―INeedWelfare, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	Your name is just a codeword people use to get your attention. ―Ethanhekker, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	Your neck is really just a head wrist. ―Studunne, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Your outdoor cat might have another owner ―yegor3219, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Your shadow is a confirmation that light has traveled nearly 93 million miles unobstructed, only to be deprived of reaching the ground in the final few feet thanks to you. ―tectactoe, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	Your social status determines if you are either murdered or assassinated. ―Stew02, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Your spouse is technically your ex boyfriend/girlfriend. They just got promoted, not fired. ―asneakycucumber, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Your stomach is always filled with warm vomit. ―Alastiana, Dec 2014
observations	sfw	Your stomach thinks all potato is mashed. ―MayoFetish, Oct 2013
observations	sfw	Your water purifier being broken is both a first-world problem and a third-world problem. ―bloop321, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	Youtube ads have made me watch less videos rather than more ads ―JoeButtsmell, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	Youtube should add a feature where you can't like or dislike a video until you've watched a certain percentage of the video's length ―Black_Gotenks, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	Youtube should add a feature whereby a bar shows the viewer the average time previous viewers made it through the video ―betathanyours, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	Youtube should have a "Never show me this channel ever again, not even in my searches" button. ―Bledalot, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	Youtube should have a tip button on music videos so you can tip like 25 cents~ to verified artists that share their music on the site. ―flashtone, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	Youtube should have an "audio only" option (for lectures, music etc) to save bandwidth ―skurk, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	Youtube should have the opposite of a subscribe button that makes channels disappear from your feed completely. ―pamperedtomax, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	Youtube should make it so that people can't leave a comment until they have played through the entire video at least once. ―answer4answer, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	Zero is plural, but 1 is singular. (0 Comments, 1 Comment) ―[deleted], Apr 2014
observations	sfw	Zip code should be the first field in address section on web forms so that City and State fields are automatically populated ―Jgrnaut_vibe, May 2016
observations	sfw	Zombie movies usually depict a universe in which zombie movies do not exist ―sfacets, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	Zombies are perpetual motion machines. they shouldn't be destroyed but used as an energy source. ―Seven68, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	Zombies should be naked from the waist down. All of that weight lost to dehydration and rot would cause their pants to fall down. ―Half-bred, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	[1 in 4 car accidents are caused by texting and driving] People: "Won't be me." [1 in 292 million chance of winning the Powerball] People: "You never know." ―[deleted], Jan 2016
observations	sfw	[META] Nick Offerman brings our Shower Thoughts to life ―bhalp1, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	[nsfw] when a woman says she's never had an orgasm, guys take it as a challenge. When a guy says I can't get it up, women take it as an insult. ―SmokeAbeer, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	a cocaine addict with the flu would be a very unhappy person. ―[deleted], Sep 2013
observations	sfw	a sheep spends her whole life fearing the wolves, and gets eaten in the end by the shepherd. ―Amine-de, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	all flashlights should have a glow-in-the-dark band on them so you can find them when you need a flashlight ―Chase_Walker, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	an easy way to spot a drug dealer is by how fast someone can do weight conversions ―coolnameright, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	as a non-gamer I feel like there is a good 25% of reddit that I don't appreciate or understand ―The_Cantabrigian, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	asking someone to sleep over is weird. you're basically asking "hey, would you like to come lay dormant with me for 6-9 hours?" ―musicandlyrics1993, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	behind every girls selfie is approximately 48 nearly identical photos that just didn’t cut it. ―jayzdubz, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	being an adult is basically a "choose your own adventure" book, but every choice sounds terrible ―Squiddoo, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	bing.com would be a great password since no one intentionally types it ―ginsox, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	chocolate lava cake is still only chocolate magma cake until you start eating it. ―theBaconBadger, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	do you ever think deaf people read the lyrics for top 40 songs and think, maybe being deaf isn't that bad after all. ―JordanGW, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	dogs are the wolves who sold out to the man ―morthond, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	eBay is Pig Latin for be. ―sassturkey, Jun 2014
observations	sfw	ea is like 69 for little people ―CIgay, Jul 2014
observations	sfw	every breath I take resets my 5 minute death timer ―razz13, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	every cell in my body knows how to replicate DNA yet I'm not in on it so I have to spend hours studying it ―depressingcarrot, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	giving birth was probably a piece of cake for mrs incredible ―danebol, May 2016
observations	sfw	i get paid to stare at a screen all day to afford to stare at a screen all night ―radjosh, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	i have never seen a blind person reading a public braille sign ―portajohnjackoff, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	i think the biggest communication problem is we do not listen to understand. we listen to reply. ―Maimad1987, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	i use to come to reddit for fun and entertainment, but lately i come every morning primarily to check if there were any mass murders while i slept ―burgerlover69, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	i'll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace ―benji5-0, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	iOS icons shake in fear of being deleted. ―Azki50, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	iWatch is useless since you could bend the iPhone 6 around your wrist. ―[deleted], Sep 2014
observations	sfw	if 666 is the most evil number in the world, then 25.8069758011 is literally the root of all evil. ―Palin_Sees_Russia, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	if I ever made the front page, I couldn't tell my friends because I don't want them to know who I am on the internet ―ASLOBEAR, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	if I walk west I will always be going west, but if I walk north I'll eventually be walking south. ―THMSBRDBR, May 2014
observations	sfw	if a smoker got amnesia, would they remember they smoke and have the urge to smoke or unknowingly quit? ―Not_a_Fax_Machine, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	if colleges really want to prepare high school students for today's job market then they should only accept students who " at least 2-3 years college experiance". ―loveyouAmerica, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	if dicks shrunk for lying (instead of noses growing), then the world would be a lot more honest ―throwawayofaperson, Mar 2015
observations	sfw	if i asked "what is your favourite sub?" my grandfather would name a naval vehicle, my mother would name a sandwich, and my friends would name a page of reddit ―burgerlover69, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	if money can't buy happiness why do I have to pay for my antidepressants? ―Incandescent_Dreams, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	if my dad jerked off just ONCE more in his life before my conception i wouldn't be here ―gay4u69, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	if the Americans bring down Fifa, we should allow them to call the sport soccer. ―flkitten, May 2015
observations	sfw	if there's a "heavens no" and a 'hell yea" why isn't there a "purgatory perhaps" ―AlyxVeldin, May 2014
observations	sfw	if we found ants as they exist here on earth, on another planet, we'd consider them a civilization ―YornyB, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	if we found out that pollution was negatively affecting internet speed, the air would get so clean so fast ―KainTulogShoryuken, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	if you can't find your camouflage clothing, did you or did you not waste your money? ―pork-bunz, Aug 2015
observations	sfw	if you had enough money, you could buy out facebook and just delete it ―defaultdog, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	if you live in North America, my driveway is connected to yours. ―Willisis2, Jul 2013
observations	sfw	if you rob a bank you won't need to worry about bills for the next 10 years, successful or not ―ImpulseFlea92, Jul 2016
observations	sfw	in my head Shrek is the lead singer of SmashMouth.. ―McFiend, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	in theory, there is a combination of digital 0's and 1's that would result in a video of me having a threesome with Jennifer Lawrence and Emma Watson. ―phoenixfire6, Mar 2014
observations	sfw	instead of all the prequel and sequel movies coming out, they should start making equels - films shot in the same time period as the original film, but from an entirely different perspective ―equalfilms, Nov 2014
observations	sfw	it's funny that EA is making us pay so much on DLC, because their (sports) slogan is "it's in the game" ―ythowtoleague, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	just drove from california to Illinois with a fly in the car. I wonder if the illinois flies will accept him as their own. ―IDrewTheDuckBlue, Jul 2015
observations	sfw	loitering is the illegal act of existing while not spending money ―thegypsyslayer, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	maybe aliens don’t talk to us because we’re creepy. i mean we send them weird mix tapes and we keep trying to find out where they live ―nest-ce-pas, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	most of the people i see driving around in retired police cars look the sort of people who've spent plenty of time in the back of police cars ―3ntl3r, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	nothing makes sense, pizzas are round, the boxes we put them in are square and we eat them as triangles ―Gamingmancan, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	on April fools day, PornHub should change the mute button to a full-volume button ―Soli--Noid, Jan 2016
observations	sfw	people aren't getting dumber, it's just that stupid people get their voice heard easier now ―NobodyInParticular23, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	people who say they "believe" in science are missing the whole point of science ―[deleted], Jun 2016
observations	sfw	plus-size models are great, because they're finally showing young people you don't need to be skinny to be beautiful. you just need an extremely attractive face. ―edijakob, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	r/Unexpected should just pop up in front page once in a while even to someone who doesn't follow it ―Imposoonble, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	r/canada should be given an exception and have been named o/canada ―bootselectric, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	r/creepy should continue to show up on your front page even after you've unsubscribed ―cdd_, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	r/mildlyinfuriating should have been spelled wrong ―R-U, Jan 2015
observations	sfw	r/nofap is one big circle jerk over not jerking off ―liltormented, Oct 2014
observations	sfw	r/tifu would be a lot more interesting if people could go on reddit for an hour after they die ―OutrageousEagle, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	reddit gold is a bit weird. If some stranger made a good point in conversation I wouldn't give them money ―kieranaway, Feb 2014
observations	sfw	reddit should make art contests for the 503 (all servers are busy) error page image and change it every few days so it will be cool to see the new funny images and less frustrating to see reddit down all the time. ―algae12, Feb 2015
observations	sfw	removing a headphone jack causes more uproar than a phone that literally explodes ―trumpscombov3r, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	skinny jeans... making it impossible to look sexy getting undressed since 2007. ―firstoddity, Apr 2015
observations	sfw	smoking out of a bong is one of the few singular activities that involves water, earth, wind, AND fire ―fezbeast, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	the KKK ruined a perfectly good white wizard costume ―KadenSnowMD, May 2016
observations	sfw	the blood in your anus is the same blood that goes through your tongue ―[deleted], Nov 2013
observations	sfw	the divide symbol ÷ represents numerator over denominator. the dots are placeholders. ―Raven_Rise, Jun 2013
observations	sfw	the goo goo dolls need to tour with lady gaga and call it the goo goo gaga tour ―lotusmilano, Feb 2016
observations	sfw	the most likely person to own a katana is the least intimidating person to weild a katana ―IForgotMyOldLoggInfo, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	the older i get, the less i use cereal as an item for breakfast and the more i use it for a dessert. ―Cp5k, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	the people born the day before or after the cutoff point to start kindergarten were close to having a completely different life ―thefinalaccountdown, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	the strangest part of growing up is realizing how little adults really know ―gabirole, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	the top selling VHS right now will hold that record forever ―Noxrill, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	the world's most famous carpenter died nailed to a board ―ComboverEagle, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	there must be millions of comments on reddit that never got viewed by anyone except the OP ―gablopico, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	there should be a show called 'The King of Bel-Air' where Will Smith plays a similar role Uncle Phil was playing in the fresh prince. ―Hons19Hons, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	there's probably a thousand gay people coming out of the closet today just to test the waters ―actually_crazy_irl, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	those who go out of their way to make others happy at the expense of themselves probably dont want others to feel the kind of sadness they are feeling on the inside ―newbieatthiss, Jun 2016
observations	sfw	tl:dr, is a tl:dr of 'too long, didn't read', because 'too long, didn't read' is too long to read. ―mjmilian, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	trust falls are bulsshit. I would trust my best friend with my life, but I'm sure he would let me fall, film the whole thing and upload it to facebook ―Idroxyd, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	we'll probably see a TIL in ten years time that reads "TIL that the famous prodigy inventor Ahmed was once arrested for bringing a home-made clock to school. Police thought it was a bomb." ―Ruxini, Sep 2015
observations	sfw	what are snails even trying to do ―BlueSkadood, Apr 2014
observations	sfw	what if aristotle was pronounced like chipotle ―WesterosiWench, Nov 2015
observations	sfw	what if radiation in space was designed so human's can't explore? Like in a video game when you are outside the map you die? ―surfe, Aug 2014
observations	sfw	when I see a pretty girl and she is smoking I just think "what a waste" ―sabre_170, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	when an ad pops up in the middle of a Youtube video, I think it actually causes people to not want that product even more than before. ―Schowzy, Aug 2016
observations	sfw	when you're too shy to ask a girl for her number you never see her again, but if you ask a girl and she turns you down you see her at chipotle and bars and parties and on a megabus to El Paso ―jac283, Mar 2016
observations	sfw	why doesn't reddit do a pink nsfw for kinky links and a red one for the messed up ones ―esotheric, Dec 2015
observations	sfw	why not have a ''front page'' and a ''NSFW front page?'' ―plasma1147, Apr 2016
observations	sfw	will.i.am's tombstone should say "will.i.was." ―KirbyKoll123, Sep 2014
observations	sfw	you know that your game of monopoly starts to escalate when someone asks for the game instructions ―Hansmaulwurf550, Oct 2016
observations	sfw	‘Respect your elders’ makes no sense. I don’t care if you’re 5, 15 or 50, everyone deserves respect until they continue to act in ways that doesn’t command it. Then, respect has to be earned back. ―thinkingoutloudest, Sep 2016
observations	sfw	“I don’t watch TV” proudly says a person who spends 8 hours a day on the internet ―ZeusThunder369, Oct 2015
observations	sfw	“I’ll be speaking with my lawyer” is the adult version of saying “I'm telling mom”. ―nest-ce-pas, May 2015
observations	sfw	“i’ll be speaking with my lawyer” is the adult version of saying “im telling mom” ―Chubby-Fish, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	" I never sucked his dick" can have 5 different meanings, depending on which word you stress ―[deleted], Sep 2014
observations	spicy	"Be back in ____ minutes" signs are pretty damn useless unless you tell us when you leave ―Butts-ex, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	"Child porn" is the only phrase in the English language that I'd be genuinely afraid to type into Google. ―pix_elle, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	"Don't kid yourself" would be an appropriate slogan to promote safe sex ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	spicy	"Dumpling" sounds like what you would call a tiny shit ―Cr0w33, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	"Eh, fuck it" is the grown up version of "Hakuna matata." ―kehumphr, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	"Elevator music" is such a widely recognized and referenced term, but yet everytime I am on an elevator there is no damn elevator music ―Noloughlin, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	"Food porn" is an appropriate name. Like regular porn, it looks great, but you can't tell how it tastes or smells. ―swamperdonker, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	"Fuck the Police" would be the perfect name for a cop dating site ―dbrank, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	"Fuck" is great because only people who I'd want to offend would be offended by it. ―Halfhead, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	"God works in mysterious ways" is basically religion's "Shit happens". ―eatableshoes, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	"Having a stroke" sounds like a British euphemism for masturbation ―audible_dog_fart, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	"Hot as fuck" and "Cold as fuck" are the same temperature. ―trillbillyjim, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	"I didn't suck his dick" means 5 different things depending on which word you emphasise ―bigbeno98, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	"I'm brutally honest" and "I have no filter" are polite ways of saying "I'm an asshole". ―phizzman, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	"I've never watched any of your movies all the way to the end" is an insult when you say it to a normal actor, but a complement when you say it to a porn actor. ―AFineWayToDie, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	"Immaculate conception" means "holy fuck." ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	spicy	"Nice guys finish last" might actually be about sex. ―faultyface, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	"One man's junk is another man's treasure" would make a good slogan for a gay porn site. ―So_What_If_I_Litter, Jun 2014
observations	spicy	"Shit" is the only word that becomes its own antonym when it follows the word "the." ―Desecr8or, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	"Slut" is an anagram of "lust" ―teddy098, Oct 2013
observations	spicy	"WTF" has more syllables than just saying "what the fuck" ―PepsiColaX, Feb 2014
observations	spicy	"We're trying for a baby" is the only socially acceptable way of saying you're dropping as much semen into your significant other as humanly possible. ―monkey_george, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	"Well, I never!" is just Grandma's version of "What the fuck?" ―GnarlyBellyButton87, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	"pay-it-forward" chains at drive-thrus/coffeeshops are weird because the only person getting something for free is the asshole who ends the chain ―i_am_bike, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	"shitpost" is an anagram of "stop this" ―quickhakker, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	'Baby wipes' is still an accurate name even when you use them to clean up after sex. ―elliottstanger, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	(?|?) looks like The Riddler's butt cheeks ―FuckedAsBored, Jun 2014
observations	spicy	/r/gonewild is the friend zone version of porn: girls want attention and validation from the guys but they don't actually want anything to do with them. ―Captain-Cuddles, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	13.7 billion years of evolution through galaxies, stars, solar systems, planets and life has ultimately resulted in me masturbating in the shower while thinking about the universe. ―Theoricus, Aug 2014
observations	spicy	5% of the toilet paper I use is for wiping my ass, 95% percent of it is to keep my fingers from touching shitty toilet paper. ―LikeAChikaCherryCola, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	99% of quality posts are never actually posted because the author thinks twice before posting and says "Fuck it, I have better things to do." ―DoubleGSpot, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	A "Humans" episode of How Its Made would make for a hilarious sex ed video. ―thesurlyengineer, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	A Vagina's Purpose is to Squeeze the Life Out of a Penis ―ikes9711, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	A better way to fuck with North Korea would be to take down the censors and open the Internet. ―Timecook, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	A bra is a booby trap ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	spicy	A bunch of guys at the FBI look at child porn all day. ―OnBehalfOfEverone, May 2015
observations	spicy	A cop wearing a "Fuck the Police" t-shirt at a party is just making a clever suggestion. ―JFKinc, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	A date is like a sex interview. ―stopsayingnoodles, Jun 2014
observations	spicy	A fat girl bragging about boob size is like an unemployed person bragging about having the day off ―Justkevin87, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	A hug between girls is like a high five for boobs. ―samisbond, Apr 2014
observations	spicy	A life-long gay guy, if born by c-section, will never touch a vagina. ―thatblokewiththehat, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	A package is a euphemism for a penis. A box is a euphemism for a vagina. Packages come in boxes. ―mrdudemanguysir, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	A penis is essentially a hydraulic sperm cannon made out of meat ―Prettygirlproblems, May 2016
observations	spicy	A penis is like a progress bar for arousal. ―Calypse11, May 2014
observations	spicy	A penis is really just a "fleshdrive" that transfers genetic data. ―Ziqqe, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	A poor whore is a destitute prostitute. ―strangelycutlemon, Sep 2013
observations	spicy	A shitload of food is the exact amount of food you eat. ―Nickompoop, Oct 2014
observations	spicy	A significant amount of people are going to fuck cups for the first time today. ―WhoseDickIsItAnyway, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	A swear jar is literally a jar of fucks given. ―TinyPlaidNinjas, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	Abstinence-only sex ed is like a defensive driving course that says, "Don't drive." ―Cecilyn, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	According to common American wisdom it's fine to go to a bar, get drunk, meet a stranger, take her to your home, have sex, and fall asleep together, but very unsafe to tell someone on the internet your last name. ―wisebloodfoolheart, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	Adulthood is 50% "I'm too young for this to be happening" and 50% "I'm too old for this shit". ―DeathByTrayItShallBe, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Adults complaining about the younger generation are really just saying their generation did a shitty job raising their kids. ―shlogan, Sep 2014
observations	spicy	After dating a girl with huge boobs the past few months, now my first thought when I see a woman with huge boobs isn't "sweet", it's "man her back and shoulders must be killing her" ―cinnister, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	After installing Adblock, hot chicks in my neighborhood suddenly do not want to have sex with me ―ochmar, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	After taking a TV production class in college, I now realize what a dick move dropping the mic actually is considering how sensitive and expensive they are ―JiveMonkey, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	All Movie Spoilers are Tagged NSFW because Reddit doesn't have a Spoiler Tag. It makes /r/Starwars looks like a Porn Sub-Reddit ―jasonskjonsby, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	All of those "This is a Buick!?" commercials are basically them acknowledging that people see them as a manufacturer of shitty cars. ―CzerwonyMan, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	All porn videos should start with 5 seconds of music to remind me that my volume is turned up. ―ChiSoxSider, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Almost all good decisions I've made since adulthood have been preceded by the phrase, "Fuck it". ―MrGooses, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	Almost every hand I've ever shaken has had a dick in it. ―halohitz, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	American society thinks its perfectly acceptable for an 18 year old to make money getting gang-banged in a porn, but that same 18 year old is not mentally ready to legally buy and drink a glass of wine. ―Wahdahsah, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	An urge for masturbating should be called a 'fappetite' ―Zwanuz, Dec 2013
observations	spicy	Any sex in space, no matter how badly it goes, would still be "out of this world." ―thinwallryan, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	App idea... Hinder...tells you where Tinder matches are happening so you can show up to cock block. ―efilnekufesin, May 2015
observations	spicy	As I get older, Milf porn becomes less gross and teen porn becomes more gross. ―Always_Sunnyvale, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	As a Colorado native, I've only ever had sex a mile high. What I need to do is join the Sea Level club. ―celt1299, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	As a bartender I don't think twice about serving someone 8-10 rum and cokes over the course of a night, but if someone ordered 8-10 cokes, I would think, what the fuck is wrong with this guy? ―Regularoldballoon, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	As a child "the BFG" always meant "the Big Friendly Giant". Then Doom came along. Ever since it's been "the Big Fucking Gun". ―Kaankaants, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	As a cook everything I make turns to shit ―revivethecolour, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	As a husband with kids, our entire family has been in my wife's vagina. ―CheckBaby123, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	As a kid, I saw Gordon Ramsey as an asshole who yells at people for not being perfect. As an adult, I see Gordon Ramsey as a prime example of a person dedicated to his craft. ―ChillerDuu, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	As a lonely man, I wish I could also masturbate my heart. ―AnotherLonelyNo, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	As a man, the less attracted I am to a woman I'm having sex with, the longer I last with her and the more I'm able to please her. ―SnowGryphon, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	As a married man, I don't randomly honk my wife's boobs nearly as often as 14 year old me thought I would. ―benicebitch, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	As a plumber I am genuinely confused by the porn industry's misconception of my profession's sex appeal. ―Delm055, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	As a woman pregnant with a baby boy, I'm literally growing a penis ―Strekkie23, Aug 2014
observations	spicy	As an adult, I no longer masturbate because I'm horny. It's either to relieve stress or because im bored. ―Ssttaavvii, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	As an adult, my penis is the closest thing I have to the little red devil that stood on shoulders and whispered terrible advice in to cartoon character's ears. ―TheGreenAbe, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	As far as my penis knows I'm getting laid 2-3 times a day. ―thatswhatyized, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	At age 25 if a friend tells me they're pregnant I don't know whether to say "oh shit!" Or "congratulations!" ―sprogger, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	At some point before Andy went off to college, Woody, Buzz, and the gang must have seen him savagely masturbate ―cortez9001, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	At some point in history, a mosquito has to have bitten into a pimple and thought "What the fuck is this?" ―GSpiff, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	At some point in the future, some parents are going to walk in on their kid masturbating while immersed in VR, and he's just going to keep going. ―tyson1988, May 2016
observations	spicy	At some point you stop wiping and say "Fuck it, that's as clean as my ass is going to get today" ―BlazeBro420, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	At this very moment, someone you greatly admire may be taking a shit. ―crazysnail, Jul 2013
observations	spicy	Because not everyone has a penis, I have an above average number of penises. ―Yanmega, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	Because of internet porn, I've probably seen more naked women than three generations of my ancestors combined. ―midnite_trane, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	Because of the large amounts of amateur porn on the internet, someone in the future will unknowingly masturbate to a video of their own grandparents. ―Pianoician, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	Because of the nude photo scandal the FBI are currently actual 'Female Boob Inspectors' ―[deleted], Sep 2014
observations	spicy	Because the internet wasn't around when I was in highschool. Going to a class reunion is pretty much facing 90% of the girls face to face that I masturbated to as a teenager. ―roostertail420, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	Before people knew what allergies were, whenever someone died from one bee sting, everyone must have thought they were just a giant pussy. ―Ask-About-My-Book, May 2016
observations	spicy	Before record players, no one had sex to music without seriously weirding out the musicians. ―hikemix, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Before video games the statement "Fuck I died" was probably never said by anyone ―FaisalAlFayez12, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Behind every pornstar is at least ten people from their high school that "Totally fucking called it." ―garymotherfuckin_oak, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	Being God must be awesome. You can ignore prayers and no one gets pissed. Then when something positive happens you get the credit! ―[deleted], Nov 2015
observations	spicy	Being attracted to your own flacid penis would be the worst fetish ever ―Mofman1, Sep 2013
observations	spicy	Being attracted to your own flacid penis would be the worst fetish ever ―technologyviewers, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	Being in love is the easiest way to have sex with the most beautiful woman in the world. ―Rancidrs, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	Being poor is really fucking expensive. ―acrowsmurder, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	Between a drunk person and a sober person, if one of their cars gets fucked by the other, the drunk one gets arrested. But if one of them gets fucked by the other, the sober one gets arrested. ―Stergeary, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	Between my drinking, language, and having sex with my wife, my life would be rated R. ―imonlinedammit, Jul 2014
observations	spicy	Bill Cosby has more rape accusers than I have consensual sex partners. ―topderp1, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Birthday sex is celebrating exiting a vagina by entering one. ―_Not_Bruce_Wayne_, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	Birthday sex is like having celebratory sex because your parents had sex. ―dem930, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	Bras are actual booby traps. ―mindfuckdoctor, Aug 2014
observations	spicy	Building a computer is like putting together a really expensive Lego set that you will eventually use to masturbate ―McGrizzly, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	By having sex, you are continuing your family's oldest tradition. ―NuclearZombiePancake, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	By midday browsing Reddit just becomes a game of Which Unclicked Link Sounds the Least Shitty. ―ViewAskewed, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	By the end of the night browsing Reddit just becomes a game of Which Unclicked Link Sounds the Least Shitty. ―thugga_birdmanstunna, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	Calling a girl a bitch implies she's being aggressive, but calling a guy a bitch implies he's being passive. ―AnneHathawayTitts, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Can we please collectively change the name from hoverboards, to segboards? You know, cuz its like a fucking segway? ―russiangerman, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Can we take a moment to appreciate the fact that the two most revered scientists in the world today are a Black man and a quadriplegic man? The world still has its problems, but that's pretty damn cool. ―themightyheptagon, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	Catholic sex ed claims abstinence is 100% effective birth control, but it didn't even work for Mary ―Sir_Liamus, May 2016
observations	spicy	Cats have no fucking idea they're on the Internet. ―SheepDip66, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Chat roulette should shadowban masturbating men by secretly connecting them only to other shadowbanned people. ―-Mikee, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	Chestnuts should be slang for boobs ―Saberale122, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	Chuck Norris will eventually die, and on that day the internet will turn into the biggest shit show we have ever seen. ―akiws, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	Cinderella must have had some fucked up feet if her slipper didn't fit anyone else's foot in town. ―I_cant_speel, May 2014
observations	spicy	Cinema seats should have headphone jack sockets so you can bring your own headphones and not listen to the dick talking throughout the whole of Foxcatcher.... Dick. ―Benseed, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	Clifford the Big Red Dog must have taken massive shits. ―travisofarabia, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	Cockpit is the perfect euphemism for vagina, yet you hardly (if ever) hear anyone use it as such. ―DemraTheArmed, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	Considering i routinely masturbate and defecate in the presence of my cellphone, I should think twice before putting anyone's cellphone close to my face ever again. ―palmerry, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	Couples who know the exact date of their child's conception aren't having a lot of sex ―Showmeyourvocalfolds, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Crabs are basically battle spiders ―shittypotatosalad, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	DNA is technically an acid. That means I have the ability to shoot acid out of my dick. ―shroomenheimer, Oct 2014
observations	spicy	Deaf people who read the saying "potato, potato" have got to be confused as fuck ―MystifyTT, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	Do regular dogs see police dogs and think: "oh shit, it's a cop" ―themusicgoeson, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	Do sperm banks give out their wi-fi password instead of porn magazines now? ―r-squared11, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	Do you think Benedict Cumberbatch's friends ever say "No Shit Sherlock" if he states something obvious ―fatman40000, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	Does a Columbus Day sale mean that I can just come in your store, kill your employees, take all your shit, and then claim the place as my own? ―broletariat_, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	Dog breeders literally live by the motto, "fuck bitches, get money." ―honeybadgerexpress, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	Double Dick Dude should be the CEO of Johnson &amp; Johnson. ―Aduckonquack97, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	Drunk History is all fine and good, but I would watch the shit out of High Conspiracy Theories. ―Poopooplatterskillme, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	Eating crappy food while watching food shows is a bit like watching porn and masturbating. ―rooowdy, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	Every orifice on a donkey is an asshole. ―RedditFirstWorkLater, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	Every time I hear the word "dictator", I think "penis potato" ―daddydomino, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	Every time I see a post about ISS astronauts, I "oh shit" as I think the extremists have made it to space. ―Iinthesky, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	Every time my husband and I have sex we both set a new record for the oldest person we've done it with ―Weinerwanger, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	Every time someone finds a video-game "score" at a flea market, there's a dude somewhere that doesn't know his mom is selling his shit. ―fjfjfjf88888, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	Every time you take the garbage out it's like the house is taking a shit. ―Mehrdvd, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	Every year on my wife's b-day, I get to have sex with the oldest woman I've ever slept with. ―Radiationdoc, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	Everybody gives the movie "signs" shit for having aliens that invade a planet that is 70% water and deadly to them, but we are trying to colonize mars and we can't even breathe on it ―come-on-now-please, Oct 2014
observations	spicy	Everyone calls them dick pics. Why are we not calling them dictures? ―LeBurge, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	Everything I cook literally turns out to be shit. ―turnoid, Jan 2014
observations	spicy	Everything posted in r/food is a shit post, eventually. ―Algernon2Molitor, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Everytime I hear a forced ad on the internet. I make a mental not never to buy what they are advertising. Fuck you. ―Tonsilskin, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	Everytime someone on TV or a movie goes underwater, i hold my breath along with them. I've died almost everytime, they've survived almost everytime. My lungs must be shit. ―chilejon, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	Extremely glad that YouTube was not popular when I was a child. I would've absolutely made some cringey, terrible shit. ―GrandNightmare, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	Eyeballs look fucking terrifying, but put it in a socket and dress it up with some lids and lashes and they become quite pretty. ―madeyouangry, Sep 2014
observations	spicy	Facebook memories are a great reminder of how shitty my phone's camera was in 2010. ―ohsureyoudo, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	Faking during sex should be refered to as Sargasam. ―[deleted], Aug 2014
observations	spicy	Father's day is a day dedicated to mother fuckers. ―Quiddity99, Sep 2014
observations	spicy	Female cockroaches should be called cuntroaches ―Torus-XY, May 2015
observations	spicy	Female masturbation is more taboo than male masturbation; yet male sex toys are much more taboo than female ones. ―moker49, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	Field goal kickers are like the IT guys of the NFL. When they do their job correctly no one really noticed. But the entire world gives them shit when something bad happens. ―ID10TU53R, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Five months ago, I was ecstatic when gas went below $2/gallon to $1.90/gallon. Now I am pissed that it went from $1.70/gallon to $1.90/gallon ―Elementaal, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	Flossing is the opposite of masturbation. Nobody does it but everyone says they do. ―Trapsterz, May 2015
observations	spicy	Foo Fighters have been around for like 20 years, yet i hear the same damn 4 songs on the radio. ―Veyron9190, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	For hetero males, birthday sex is celebrating the day you came out of a vagina by going back into one. ―[deleted], Feb 2014
observations	spicy	For or against same sex marriage there's gonna be a lot of butt hurt people today ―sender2bender, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	For the amount of sex in Game of Thrones, there's a ridiculously low number of pregnant women and children seen. ―thenoob14, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	Future Me is constantly fucked over by Present Me, who should have learned after being fucked over by Past Me ―Imbusyyoudick, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	Gagging during a blowjob is really a romantic sound, think about it. Someone is choosing your dick over the oxygen they need to survive, that really warms my heart. ―p3riod, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	Gay sex is literally twice as manly as straight sex ―comfortablesexuality, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	George McFly paid to have his car cleaned by someone that tried to rape his wife. That's a bit fucked up. ―bugphotoguy, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	George R.R. Martin could write sex scenes for any actor he wants to see naked in the show. ―seagulls51, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	George RR Martin dying before he can complete his series would be meta as fuck and help highlight his themes about death and reality. ―RedBeardedWhiskey, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	Getting dick pics is like a cat giving you a dead mouse. "I can see you're proud, but I'm going to throw that away without ever touching it." ―waldo1478, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	Getting pissed at a video game is basically like saying "I paid you to distract me from real life, and you can't even do that right" ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	spicy	Girls always say it's "gross" that I used to work at a porn shop and that it must have had a lot of "creepy" guys - 95% of the customers were female buying sex toys. Guys mostly bought bongs. ―the_restlessartist, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Girls always say they appreciate the little things in life, until you whip out your little penis. ―mystic1_wizard, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	Grandpa Joe Laid in bed for 20 years while his daughter and grandson worked their asses off to support him. As soon as he gets to go to a chocolate factory, he literally dances out of the door. Grandpa Joe was an asshole. ―Sam_Vimes81, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	Growing up is realizing that "Lord Farquaad" in Shrek actually means "Lord Fuckwad" ―brandonnn11, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Harry Potter is actually kind of an asshole. He's not very good at magic, and he's constantly relying on his friends to do his research for him and bail him out so he can take all the credit. ―Trauma_Queen1, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Having "Birthday Sex" essentially means that you're having sex to celebrate your parents having had sex. ―timbla, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	Having a child is like having a really shitty roommate that never cooks, cleans, or pays rent. ―ProfLiar, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	Having sex in public is like eating a noisy bag of chips in church.... Everyone looks at you in disgust but deep down inside they want some too. ―hairyfedora, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	Having sex with Mila Kunis would actually kind of suck, because when you closed your eyes it would sound like you were banging Meg. ―zetsui, May 2015
observations	spicy	Having sex with a horse is legal in more states than smoking Marijuana. God bless America. ―ascatraz, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Hitler masturbated. ―Artyomic, Oct 2013
observations	spicy	Home is where I don't mind my dick touching the toilet seat when I sit down ―CalmerWithKarma, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	Homosexuality predates Christianity, so it's actually more natural to have gay sex than it is to worship Jesus ―[deleted], Apr 2015
observations	spicy	How did a guy with a name like 'Magic Johnson' wind up an athlete and not a porn star? ―[deleted], Jan 2014
observations	spicy	How much good porn have I missed because the thumbnail didn't interest me. ―SenseiPoru, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	How pissed is the guy who killed 9 people in SC, trying to start a race war, but instead, ended the Confederate flag as we know it? ―ChaosHTX, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	How shitty do you think that one kid in Airbud felt when he got replaced by a dog in the championship game? ―lmpossibear, May 2016
observations	spicy	How the fuck am I meant to stay with the same girl for the rest of my life when I can't even jack off over the same porn twice? ―[deleted], Aug 2015
observations	spicy	How the fuck did cake become so fucking special. Birthday cake, Wedding cake, Graduation cake, Retirement cake... I wanted apple pie but Nnnoooo we have to serve cake. Eat a Dick cake. ―PM-MeYour___, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	Humans have made themselves so comfortable that they build scary rides so they can remember what it's like to shit themselves with fear. ―madeyouangry, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	Humans have shit all over Jalapeños' defense mechanism by turning their defense into cuisine. ―cosarccos, May 2016
observations	spicy	Humans require years of training to not shit themselves. ―LesMiserables999, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Humans will suck dick and eat assholes but are hesitant to eat a browning banana. ―smell_it, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	I always assume my cat likes it when I meow at him, but I'd be pretty fucking freaked out if he started making human sounds at me. ―repliers_beware, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	I am just a penis. The rest of me is just there to make sure my penis survives long enough to make more penises. ―__Corvus__, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	I am just a penis. The rest of me is just there to make sure my penis survives long enough to make more penises. ―this_wont_kill_me, Jun 2013
observations	spicy	I am the result of 3,5000,000,000,000 years of things successfully fucking each other. ―Chocobo_Eater, May 2016
observations	spicy	I bet I can have pretty loud sex without offending the neighbors, as long as I play the Game of Thrones theme song first. ―lol_and_behold, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	I bet couples in the Harry Potter universe sometimes use polyjuice potion to turn into one another and have sex. ―chpbnvic, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	I bet if you texted "I heard what you said about me" to every person in your phone you could find out some real shit for sure. ―squirtingispeeing, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	I browse Reddit on my phone while on the toilet for shits and giggles. ―Jacbalson, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	I can drink 10 alcoholic cola mixed drinks every weekend without a second thought but whenever I drink a normal can of coke I feel like a fat fuck ―187god, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	I can wipe my ass with 1 square of toilet paper, but only if it's the last square on the roll. ―PlasmaCow511, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	I can't imagine a male version of Orange is the New Black-- a show about men going to prison and having sex with each other that I have to convince my girlfriend to watch with me and all my straight male friends and I love and talk about it. ―Kidney05, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	I can't make a call because Skype is improving my Skype experience, but what would really improve my experience is being able to make a fucking call. ―zanzibarbob, May 2016
observations	spicy	I can't watch The Walking Dead because I can't suspend disbelief in a zombie apocalypse where nobody ever says the word "fuck" ―airbagsavedme, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	I carry my phone with me to the bathroom to browse reddit literally for "shits and giggles". ―Metatronix, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	I don't actually dislike ads, I just dislike seeing the same ad, over and over, on every damn internet video I watch. ―applejackisbestpony, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	I don't care if people know I watch porn, I care if they know what kind of porn I watch. ―Binost, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	I don't mind advertisements at the beginning of porn videos, as it provides me with a final opportunity for emergency volume adjustment. ―Frosty-the-hoeman, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	I don't think I would recognize my own asshole if you showed it to me ―tomtom24ever, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	I don't think I've ever heard a car alarm going off and thought "Oh shit, someone's car is getting stolen!" ―DaveKast, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	I don't think I've ever seen an uncircumcised penis drawn on a bathroom stall ―4underscore____, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	I don't watch porn for the plot, but I do notice plot holes ―MarsNirgal, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	I feel like my penis and the hulk are similar in many ways they both double there size, do things they regret, and then shrink feeling tired ―somemadkid, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	I get paid to work. I use the money to buy gym membership. The only reason I go to the gym is to get laid. I'm paying for sex ―Cameltitties, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	I had this revelation today: I can tell when my husband is taking a shit when he mass - likes my posts on facebook. ―elegaphant, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	I hate that obligatory feeling I get when I use a public restroom and have to clean someone else's piss off the toilet seat just so the person using the same stall after me doesn't think I left piss on the seat. ―brideofdracula, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	I have probably missed out on tons of otherwise great porn clips just because the thumbnail didnt look good enough to click on... ―surfingjesus, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	I have probably said the word "fuck" more times than my own name ―thejewishgiraffe, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	I haven't heard a damn thing about acid rain since high school. ―LandPirateDude, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	I just got married. This is the first time in my life that I've wanted to have sex with someone with same last name as me. ―garry0wen, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	I left my moms house to deal with shitty roommates, higher bills, and more responsibilities just so I can comfortably have sex. ―freethinker84, May 2015
observations	spicy	I like how "as fuck" is a common unit of measurement. ―[deleted], Mar 2016
observations	spicy	I like how the term "as fuck" is a common unit of measurement. ―ElemancerZzei, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	I live alone and have my own computer, but still use Incognito Mode for porn. ―dubeskin, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	I never poke fun a a post with spelling or grammar errors partly because I'm not a dick and partly because I know my response will without fail have a spelling of grammar error in it. ―washheightsboy3, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	I only know how to spell "amateur" because of porn. ―Throw-it_away-now, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	I only use about 3% of toilet paper for wiping my ass, the rest is just for not getting shit on my hands. ―juanito883, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	I piss and moan about spending $0.99 on an app for the rest of my phone's life, but don't think twice about adding guac for $1.95 on one burrito ―gotjoseph37, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	I piss and moan about spending $0.99 on an app for the rest of my phone's life, but don't think twice about adding guac for $1.95 on one burrito. ―Laudaaa, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	I really want some film maker to have an actor loudly fart in a scene but not for comedic value, but because that shit happens. ―eamisagomey, Apr 2014
observations	spicy	I spend so much time and money keeping my body alive and the only thing I get in return is shit. ―PM_ME_STEAMGAMES_PLS, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	I think I've masturbated more times in my life than I've flossed. ―Hipp013, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	I think I've masturbated more times in my life than I've flossed. ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	spicy	I think one thing that's clear with the rise of Tumblr, Flickr, Scribd, Grindr, etc, is that people are pretty fucking sick of the letter e. ―-salt-, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	I think we should all take a moment and be grateful our bodies don't shit while we're asleep. ―garrett1999o3, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	I used to carry a condom in a particular pocket in my purse. I now carry stamps in there instead. At some point in the last few years, it became more likely that I'd send a letter than have sex. ―acoustic_girl, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	I usually assume people who know the date automatically have their shit more together than I do. ―Dustinthemighty, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	I want to put a horse in a horse costume. People would see it and say, "Damn, those guys are good." ―bobbygarafolo, Aug 2014
observations	spicy	I want to see a member of the opposite sex with the same attractiveness as me so I can see what I'm workin' with ―Obsessive_Tendencies, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	I was too young to realize it, but Cherry Poppin' Daddies is a pretty fucked up band name. ―inputmethod, May 2016
observations	spicy	I went to the bathroom right before midnight and finished right after midnight. Same shit, different day. ―sykurbjorn, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	I wish I could be as picky about women in real life as I am with women in porn ―portajohnjackoff, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	I wish I could drown the people that constantly masturbate in me... ―SomeWeirdIrishGuy, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	I wish I could know how many people thought about me when they were masturbating ―TeNgRi95, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	I wish I could see a woman that I know is equally as attractive as I am so I know how attractive I am to the opposite sex ―BigBeardius, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	I wish there were a app with statistics about my life. "9 woman thought about sex with you.", "3 people thought about killing you", .. ―Ustonovic, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	I won't put my mouth on cow teats but I will drink the milk. I'll put my mouth on my girl's tits yet would never drink the milk. ―HeyGirlAreYou18Yet, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	I wonder how disappointed my penis and balls would be if they ever found out that I have zero children after all the work they've done. ―alldayerrdaym8, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	I wonder how many flies have been trapped in a car, then traveled hundreds of miles, got out and thought "The fuck..where am I?" ―LemonDot, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	I wonder how many miles of toilet paper I've wiped my ass with in my life ―Chipkellyeatsbabies, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	I wonder how many nudes and dick pics Team Snapchat have got... ―[deleted], Aug 2016
observations	spicy	I wonder how many people I've unknowingly interacted with in public that had a butt plug in their ass. ―MCsmalldick12, May 2015
observations	spicy	I wonder how many people who "fucking love science" on Facebook, fucking dreaded it in middle school ―jan10004, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	I wonder how many random stranger's homework I've done answering to random shit on /askreddit, /askscience, etc... ―phazer29, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	I wonder how many times I've simultaneously masturbated with someone I know. ―ForeverNaynay, Aug 2013
observations	spicy	I wonder how many women lining up to see 50 Shades of Grey are the same women who get pissed if their husbands watch porn? ―Amphibology29, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	I wonder how often I turn up in other peoples dreams to do weird shit... ―Peter_Dinkedladge, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	I wonder if 90-year-olds are ever like "oh man, what was I thinking when I was 80? I have life way more figured out now" ―PMME-YOUR-TITS-GIRL, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	I wonder if I've ever seen a conception while watching porn. ―BiigCol, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	I wonder if Magic Johnson regrets wasting the world's best porn name on a basketball career ―BookerGinger, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	I wonder if Rick Astley thinks, "Got me again, you bastard" every time he looks in a mirror ―HumanClaymore, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	I wonder if it's appropriate to get a "it's a boy!" or "it's a girl!" ballon for someone recovering from a sex change operation. ―Shit-sandwich-, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	I wonder if people who have sex with animals care about the gender of said animal. "I'd screw a pig but not a boy pig, I ain't gay." ―_Clint-Beastwood_, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	I wonder if somewhere in Japan there are Japanese teenagers saying to each other; "Have you seen American porn?!? That shit is fucked UP, dude." ―StrangerinPublic, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	I wonder if spiders get as pissed off as I do when I walk through their webs... ―elonc, May 2015
observations	spicy	I wonder if there has ever been a moment since I have been alive where there wasn't a cock in someones mouth ―pwnzor224, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	I wonder which testicle my kid came from ―shit_load_of_piss, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	I would much rather take a shit in the woods than take a shit in a porta potty. ―NotchyPitchu, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	I would never park in a handicapped spot, but I always shit in the handicapped stall when available. ―VegansAndVitamins, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	I would sacrifice my life in a heartbeat to save my wife, but I won't take out the fucking trash ―aDAMNPATRIOT, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	I would watch the shit out of a TV show where some short tempered person tried to put together IKEA furniture. ―jiblet84, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	I would watch the shit out of a show called "How It Used To Be Made" about how people in different historical periods used to make things. ―Ellikichi, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	I wouldn't be okay with wiping shit off of any other part of my body with just a few sheets of dry TP. ―SurpriseNinja, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	I'd hate Spotify ads a lot less if they just played the damn ad instead of also playing 30 seconds of acoustic guitar before the ads and then playing a little more acoustic guitar after the ad to let me know that the ad is finished. ―RTSUbiytsa, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	I'd pay an exorbitant amount of money to have my back window light up with led lettering certain phrases to other drivers like "get off your phone fuckface" or "use your signal lights dipshit" ―nickg452csh, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	I'll bet that spider's just as pissed as I am that I walked through its web. ―principled_principal, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	I'm going to feel so old when the porn-stars I masturbated to start dying. ―LinearTipsOfficial, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	I'm more likely to get a virus from porn than sex. ―ArcaneInsane, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	I'm not a morning person, but my dick sure is ―SolidArk, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	I'm not hungry after I eat, horny after sex, or thirsty after a drink. So why then fuck am I so tired after sleeping? ―thunderweasel18, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	I'm permanently logged in to facebook, gmail &amp;c. because I know I'm the only one who uses my computer, but I still watch porn in incognito mode in case someone goes on my computer and looks at my browser history. ―TheCatcherOfThePie, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	I'm pretty sure I have atleast one anscestor who would be pretty pissed to find out that helicopters exist and I can't fly one. ―CaliberHB, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	I'm quitting smoking because my niece told me that she wants me to "be around as long as possible". If I get hit by a bus tomorrow I am going to be so pissed off that I fell for her sentimental crap. ―jmk4422, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	I'm so used to Reddit that when I visit Facebook I get pissed when I can't down vote a comment. ―disastermaster254, May 2015
observations	spicy	I'm such a lazy shit that I actively avoid YouTube links on Reddit, because I don't have time for a video. ―Wo0dles, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	I've had less sex than any of my ancestors, yet I've probably seen more dicks than all of them combined. ―uruk-hay, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	I've masturbated more this year than I have had hot dinners. ―oculusface, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	I've never been so congested that I couldn't taste how shitty cough syrup is. ―TenaciousC89, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	I've never payed a penny to Reddit in my three years of using it. Reddit doesn't owe me anything and they can do whatever the fuck they want. ―iamsam29, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	I've personally boycotted more companies for their shitty commercials rather than for ethical reasons ―ThePirateKing01, May 2016
observations	spicy	I've probably masturbated more times than I've been told to go fuck myself. ―ItsOver420, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	I've probably spent more time looking for porn than looking at porn ―20forlife, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	I've seen people on reddit do more intense research on random shit than I ever have in high school and college put together ―Ragan_aron123, May 2016
observations	spicy	Ice Cube went from "Fuck tha Police" to frequently portraying police in movies ―retsoper1234, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	If "gay" was always used in its original meaning, a guy having sex with a girl would probably be pretty gay. ―BewareTheCreeper, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	If "getting to first base" and "hitting a home run" are sex euphemisms, then "pitching a perfect game" is keeping everyone at a party from f*&amp;%ing. ―Gish1111, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	If 0 is a number, then I have had sex with Emma Watson a number of times. ―PickleMaster69, Sep 2014
observations	spicy	If 0.001% of the world's population of the opposite sex finds you attractive, you could have a new partner a day until you die ―alex617, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	If 13 year old me knew that 30 year old me was still watching South Park, he would be so fucking happy ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	spicy	If 52% of the population of earth is Female, that means I have a bigger dick than half of the world. ―PapaParmesano, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	If Arkham Asylum is really an asylum, Batman beat the ever loving shit out the mentally handicapped ―Predatormagnet, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	If Ellen Page and Emma Stone had lesbian sex, you could call that paper, rock, scissoring. ―joelomite11, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	If Elmer Fudd spent all of his time trying to rape Bugs Bunny, it would be horrific. But since he's trying to murder him, it's OK. ―YOGZULA, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	If Elton John dies who the fuck are we going to get to sing at his funeral? ―BookerGinger, Oct 2014
observations	spicy	If Hillary Clinton wins in 2016, it will be the first time that two presidents have had sex with each other. ―AlibiBreakfast, Jul 2013
observations	spicy	If I bring a condom to a girl's house, I'm a presumptuous asshole. If I don't bring a condom to a girl's house, I'm an irresponsible jerk. ―jerryterhorst, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	If I can't have peanuts on an airplane, then you should have to vaccinate your stupid fucking kids. ―kosecki, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	If I could swap the urge to masturbate and the urge to work out I could be competing in World's Strongest Man by next Tuesday ―ClintBe4stwood, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	If I die a virgin that means I have a terrorist waiting to have sex with me up there. ―Redbullgivesyouherpe, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	If I drank enough water, my piss would be cleaner than the tap water in Flint, MI ―Beni5870, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	If I ever had to do porn for money, I would do the nastiest, dirtiest stuff out there, because then if someone I know finds out, they can't tell anyone they've watched it. ―TY3000, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	If I ever have my life flash before my eyes I will have to watch myself masturbate thousands of times ―Honestly_Rude, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	If I ever started doing porn, I wouldn't pick a traditional "porn name". I would name myself after the biggest bitch from my high school class, and set out to make myself the dirtiest, most disgusting porn star of all time. ―brandynb, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	If I had the post-masturbation clarity of mind before I masturbated, I probably wouldn't masturbate as much ―dasodacova, May 2016
observations	spicy	If I made a sex tape, it could be a vine. ―GolfIsWhyImBroke, May 2016
observations	spicy	If I owned a company I would not block any porn sites. Then I would fire anyone stupid enough to watch it at work. ―madkow77, Jun 2014
observations	spicy	If I owned an adult store, policy would have staff conclude a sex toy sale with a cheery smile and a hearty 'Now go fuck yourself!'. ―NewbPat, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	If I treated people how I wanted to be treated, I would go around sucking dick. ―Orig_analUse_rname, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	If I was a Gotham villain my name would be Earl E. Bird. Id commit crimes at daybreak because signaling Batman would be pretty fucking hard. ―TychoKepler, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	If I was a pornstar, I'd be pretty god damn salty that Kim Kardashian is number #1 on Pornhub ―HereComesChuckieChan, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	If I was a school teacher, I'd intentionally use memes incorrectly, just to drive the little shits crazy ―GutturalPatois, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	If I were a ghost, id haunt people by knocking on their door as soon as they started masturbating. ―FHRITP69er, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	If Jeb wins the GOP nomination and makes Cheney his side man, their slogan can be "same dick, new bush" ―jayzdubz, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	If Justin Bieber somehow commits suicide, the internet would feel so shitty, being part of the largest case of cyber-bullying in history. ―kirusagi32, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	If Kanye Really Needs The Money He Should Just Make A Sex Tape With Ray J ―wordfiend99, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	If Kanye and Kim's child's name is North West, that makes Kim's vagina the Northwest Passage. ―avar14, Jun 2013
observations	spicy	If Magic Johnson's basketball career failed, he would have had an incredible porn name. ―PotatoeGargler, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	If Mary was a virgin, that means her marriage to Joseph was never consummated, meaning Jesus was born out of wedlock. Jesus was a bastard ―UnholyDemigod, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	If Netflix really wants people to stop sharing accounts and pay individually, they should just start offering porn ―the_mystery_snail, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	If OJ Simpson Hadn't screwed up we wouldn't be having all this Kardashian shit ―udit_kumar, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	If Penis Enlargement pills claiming to double your size actually worked, you could have a penis as long as the galaxy is wide with only 73 pills ―UrsulaMajor, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	If Pinocchio said "My nose will now grow", his nose will be stuck in an infinite loop of growing and ungrowing, making him the perfect sex toy. ―Conspo, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	If Prince William has had anal sex with Kate Middleton, she is one of the few who have ever been royally fucked in the ass. ―loganal, Aug 2013
observations	spicy	If Spiderman were actually anatomically similar to a spider he would shoot web out of his ass and not his wrists. ―jaerickson, Apr 2014
observations	spicy	If a 4 year old said ELI5 he or she would sound like a cocky dick ―rreighe2, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	If a bigger car implies a smaller penis, and larger shoes imply a larger penis, then clowns must have massive dicks. ―lennyoliy, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	If a centaur gave me a blow job, it'd just be gay human sex. If I gave a centaur a blow job, it'd be bestiality. ―Eklektik, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	If a dick was like other muscles and got bigger through regular exercises, gyms would be a lot weirder. ―Ruarsome, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	If a french person says the word "happiness", it sounds like they're saying "a penis". But the french word for "happiness" is "bonheur" so if an english person tries to pronounce that, it sounds like "boner" ―dudecof, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	If a girl walks into the bar with her tits half showing, and I look, I'm a pervert. If I walk into a bar with my cock half showing, and a girl looks, then I'm still a pervert. ―sumnewdguy, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	If a serial killer was hunting me - he would become very pissed at my lack of routine. ―MichaelGaryScotch, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	If a sex addict becomes a prostitute, are they then an immediate workaholic? ―MandaThorian, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	If a tattoo artist pays a stripper back with tattoos, would that be the only truely Tit-For-Tat relationship? ―AllBeefPat, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	If a woman had a one-night stand with a different man every week, people would make jokes about her vagina being loose from overuse. If a different woman was in a relationship and had sex with her SO 2-3 times a week, no one would make those jokes. ―Marx0r, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	If a woman has sex with different men every week, people will make fun of her vagina being loose from overuse, but no one will make that joke about a woman who has sex 2-3 times a week with the same man. Apparently variety makes a vagina lose elasticity. ―Dreamlite, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	If abortion is legal but prostitution is not, then a woman owns her uterus but the vagina belongs to the state. ―dickballforeskin, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	If ejaculating reduces risk of prostate cancer, then porn websites are fighting cancer. ―Gurrb17, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	If every atom in your body is replaced every seven years, does that mean that if I don't have sex for 7 years my penis is technically a virgin? ―postymcpostpost, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	If every human began as a single cell, and it's estimated that the adult human body has over 37 trillion cells, you have increased your size by 3,700,000,000,000,000% you fat fuck ―abredar, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	If ghosts are real, i'd mostly be embarassed about how much I've masturbated in front of them ―Reverse789, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	If having a small penis was really an issue, the "small penis genes" would have gone extinct long time ago. ―Piano1987, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	If having sex on an airplane puts you in the mile high club, does having sex on a subway put you in the six foot under club? ―therealjamiev, Jul 2014
observations	spicy	If homosexual sex is no longer counted as intercourse in Florida, then that means that no homosexual can be charged for having sex in public. They get a free pass. ―JimmyL2014, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	If horses were carnivorous. They'd be fucking terrifying. ―Aman3003, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	If humans ever become enslaved by Artificial intelligence the Amish are going to be so pissed. ―Caythen, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	If it weren't for porn, many of us wouldn't know what a beautiful woman looks like naked. ―[deleted], Jun 2014
observations	spicy	If last names were thought up today, boobsmith would be a good name for plastic surgeons. ―juanlucio, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	If light travels faster than sound, why can i hear my girlfriend bitching at me before i can see what have i done wrong? ―Sonzu, May 2016
observations	spicy	If marijuana and prostitution both become legal across the US, I could open a combination fueling station, brothel, and dispensary called "The Gas, Ass, and Grass Station". ―izolalozi, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	If men dressing up as women so they can ogle and harass women in the bathroom really was an actual problem, there'd be a whole genre of porn already dedicated to it as a fetish. ―dresdnhope, May 2016
observations	spicy	If men had the relatively easy option to get a penis implant the way women can get breast implants I bet there would be a ton of comically sized penises. ―heyitsgeoff, May 2015
observations	spicy	If my Father masturbated once more or once less in his entire life up until my conception, I would never have been born. ―powellthegreasy, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	If my cat licks its own ass, I doubt it gives a fuck what flavor of cat food I buy. ―IXenomorph9605, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	If one drop of semen contains more life than one drop of blood, then why don't vampires suck cock? ―ConfuzzledDood, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	If our ass was split horizontally, it would clap when we run down the stairs. ―changingminds, Jul 2014
observations	spicy	If porn is bad for boys because it does not accurately reflect women, then romcoms are bad for women because they do not accurately reflect men. ―jamesosix, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	If sans means 'without,' then comic sans means it's not fucking funny ―cleighr, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	If sex is called "xxx" and sleep is called "zzz", then why don't we call cuddling "yyy" because cuddling comes between sex and sleep and y comes between x and z (respectively)? ―[deleted], Nov 2014
observations	spicy	If sex is called Intercourse, shouldn't masturbation be called Intracourse? ―captmotorcycle, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	If sleeping is that important then why the fuck does school have to be so early? ―esean_keni, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	If someone ever invents a penis enlargement pill they could never ever sell it online because no one would believe them. ―leftofmiddle, Nov 2013
observations	spicy	If someone in the same house as you is being quiet during sex for your sake, that means that they are thinking of you during sex. ―TheSwiftBrownFox, Jun 2014
observations	spicy	If someone pisses you off and you want revenge, sign up for a free man thong catalog with their name and send it to their neighbor's address. ―HankSc0rp10, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	If someone says they're gonna open up a can of whoop ass, that means someone out there is canning whoop ass...I'd be more afraid of that second guy. ―ChrisTaliaferro, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	If someone was reading a book titled, "It's Called A Book," and someone asked them what they were reading, the response would make them seem like a total asshole. ―Holyhell123, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	If spiders traveled around the house like Spiderman travels around a city, we'd have to exterminate them. Can you imagine how fucking terrifying our homes would be with spiders swinging from wall to wall? ―[deleted], Dec 2015
observations	spicy	If taking someones life made your penis half an inch shorter, and saving someones life made it half an inch longer, the world would be a much better place right now. ―Amplifier_Worship, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	If that shitty charmander stays viral long enough, one day that guy will take off his shirt and someone will say "I can't believe you got a tattoo of that shitty charmander from the Internet" ―Bro-methius, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	If the average penis size is 5.5 inches and there are about 3 billion men on Earth, then we have enough penis to get to the Moon. ―ReadMyNips, May 2015
observations	spicy	If the events of the Matrix took place in today's time, they'd be fucked trying to find a phone line for an exit. ―MAKOxEYES, May 2016
observations	spicy	If the first humans waited another day before having sex none of us would exist ―harvsicle, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	If the nice ladies messaging me on porn websites know what town I'm in, I shouldn't have to tell accuweather my zip code every time I want to check the forecast ―Stripedpajamas, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	If the phrase "You are what you eat" applies to the entire food chain then we are all just shit and sunlight. ―mattg63, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	If the wife on The Truman Show was a paid actor, does that mean the marital sex technically made her a prostitute? ―[deleted], Jun 2014
observations	spicy	If the world just built an island exclusively to host the Olympics it would be safer, more cost effective, and totally bad ass. ―3partharold, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	If there is a hell, I hope the asshole who invented those "manually type your resume information into these blank fields" is being tortured the hardest ―lazarus870, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	If there is an advanced alien civilization reading this that's hiding in order to prevent "cultural contamination", fuck you. ―Nulono, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	If there was an alien race whose morality is inverted (our good is their bad) and we ever make contact we'd try to be nice to them but they'll get pissed off and react to our behavior, but we will just think they're being nice too. ―ianelinon, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	If two naked gay men laid next to each other, and one of the men's fetish is an erect penis, and the other's a flaccid penis, and both were turned off by the opposite of their fetish, they would be in a neverending cycle of boners and boner-killers ―Mrpapaweegee, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	If watching porn gives men unrealistic expectations from relationships, then watching romantic comedies can do the same for women. ―TonalDrump, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	If we changed the rhetoric from "Save the Planet" to "Save Ourselves," some shit might actually get done. The planet will still be here in 5 million years. We, on the other hand, may not. ―IIIIRadsIIII, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	If we ever come in contact with aliens I feel like we're just gonna eventually ask each other what the fuck is going on. Like being lost in a labyrinth and finding somebody just as lost. ―EthniK_ElectriK, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	If we ever end up settling on a planet with low gravity, boobs will stay perkier much longer ―Turkulainen, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	If we ever end up settling on a planet with low gravity, boobs will stay perkier much longer. ―Whodat1225, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	If we ever send the first 'Avengers' film up in a space probe we should categorise it as a 'documentary' so that if aliens ever find it, they would assume we have a team of bad-ass superheros guarding the Earth against alien invasions. ―ChippieTheGreat, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	If you are married to a law enforcement officer, you are fulfilling NWA's mission by fucking the police. ―YouSureThisGood, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	If you carved a dick in a dead man's arm bone, it would be a humorous posthumous humerus wound. ―CreedDidNothingWrong, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	If you could actually talk to animals, all you would hear is constant screaming about danger, threats, or demands for sex. ―notbobby125, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	If you enjoy having sex with transient homeless people, you're a hobosexual. ―ReluctantRedditor275, Nov 2013
observations	spicy	If you ever feel lonely, just know that there are people that comment on porn videos. ―SmileyFace-_-, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	If you ever go to prison, don't say you have AIDS to avoid being raped, because that means your ass is open season to people with actual AIDS who will want to rape you. ―ughalready, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	If you have sex with 20 people who all weigh 50kgs or more each, you have actually slept with "a ton of people". ―Kalibrering, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	If you park next to someone parked like an asshole and they leave, you're the new asshole ―6squareddabsmaf, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	If you read "FTFY" as 'fuck that fuck you' rather than 'fixed that for you', it's hilarious. ―mantistobbogan69, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	If you say "God is great" in English nobody will bat an eye, but as soon as you say it in Arabic everybody loses their shit. ―The-Lying-Tree, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	If you slap Dwayne Johnson's ass, could you say you've hit rock bottom? ―_-fLux-_, May 2015
observations	spicy	If you spell 'boobytrap' backwards, it spells 'partyboob' ―antsofretribution, Sep 2014
observations	spicy	If you stumble over your cat in the dark and accidentally step on his paw, he probably thinks you're a dick, because he can see, and doesn't know that you can't. ―tronk, Oct 2014
observations	spicy	If you tell someone "I'm hung over." via walkie talky it just sounds like you are bragging about your dick. ―SiblingRabblery, May 2015
observations	spicy	If you wash the dirt from a fallen ice cube, you are washing your water with water in hope that there's only water on the water you will add to your water ―FUCKING_HATE_REDDIT, May 2016
observations	spicy	If you watch porn on the International Space Station will there still be women who want anonymous sex just a few miles away? ―pubercuts, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	If you were an 18-year-old girl who flashed your boobs in the first Girls Gone Wild video, you would be 34 years old today ―[deleted], Jun 2015
observations	spicy	If you were in zero gravity having sex, you wouldn't know whether you were doing doggystyle or reverse cowgirl ―thisisgonnabewhite, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	If you're pregnant with a boy, you are a woman who's growing a penis. ―fabiofighter, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	If you've had sex with less then 12 people, then having sex with you is a more exclusive club then walking on the moon ―Gummy4, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	If your name is Dick, everything you do is a dick move. ―sh_oooo, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	If your penis is longer than, say, 3.15 inches, then at some point in your life, your penis was exactly pi inches long ―[deleted], Jun 2014
observations	spicy	Ikea furniture should come with a QR code that links to a video on how to assemble the furniture ―FuckTruckTalk, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	In 2019, 30 years after its first release, Billy Joel should re-release "We Didn't Start the Fire" with another verse filled with all the shit that's happened since. ―ImaGaySeaOtter, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	In 500 years, people will think of me as being as technologically ancient and generally ignorant as I think of people in the 1500s, and that pisses me off. ―DBerrz, May 2014
observations	spicy	In Canada they eliminated the use of pennies. When the price ends in 3 or 4 cents they round up to 5 cents and when it is 1 or 2 cents they round down. Therefore my 2 cents on a subject isn't worth shit. ―TR4VE, May 2015
observations	spicy	In Disney movies, a duet is the equivalent to a sex scene ―JizzAss, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	In Fight Club Brad Pitt's character makes fun of the fact that airplanes have seat belts. 14 years later his character in World War Z is saved by a seat belt in a plane crash ―FuckYouItWasfunny, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	In Kanye West song "Hell of a life", he says he think he fell in love with a porn star. Technically he did. ―lolarious26, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	In Spongebob Squarepants, barnacles is used like a curse word. That means Barnacle Boy is like Fuck Boy or something. ―SirButthat, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	In Star Wars, most of the emergencies are dealt with by R2-D2 having sex with a wall. ―broken_calipers, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	In a movie, when the sexy protagonist has sex he takes off his shirt but when the creepy antagonist has sex they show him unzip his pants. ―Rooster1250, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	In a way, after Darth Vader cut off Luke's hand, he followed it up with "I fucked your mom." ―666lucifer, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	In about 50 years, Zero-G will be an online porn category. ―palmermenken, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	In baseball sex analogies, a "walk" should be settling for a man on man hookup. Because you got on base but can't really brag about it, and there are four balls. ―phish_tacos, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	In high school, I fantasized about freezing time to touch girls' boobs. That means I had more faith in me being able to stop time than being able to make a girl like me. ―abrakasam, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	In highschool I wondered how long people would date until sex. In college I wonder how long people have sex until they date... ―n33lostrichracer, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	In less than 24 hours, literally 99% of people will go back to not giving a shit about Iowa. Their population is .97% of the US'. ―Dunlocke, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	In less than a week, people will go from bitching about the "upgrade to windows 10 for free" popups, to bitching about Windows 10 not being free anymore. ―MeowMixSong, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	In movies where Santa exists and the parents don't believe in him, WHERE THE FUCK DID THEY THINK THE PRESENTS WERE COMING FROM? ―AndyDwyer, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	In my 33 years of life I've never once seen a squirrel shit or piss ―fagetaboutit, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	In porn video they have shitty music, in music videos they have shitty porn ―Moogythecow, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	In the Harry Potter world, two people could have taken polyjuice potion and switched genders to have sex. ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	spicy	In the Scooby Doo universe, every single mystery the gang ever encountered always had a logical explanation. In fact, the only unexplainable phenomenon in their entire history was that they had a dog who could fucking talk. ―Romobyl, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	In the Shawshank Redemption, Red tells Andy that his hope of being a free man again is "a shitty pipe dream", he ends up escaping through a pipe full of shit. ―[deleted], Feb 2014
observations	spicy	In the Transformers movie, the auto bots said they scanned the entire internet and learned everything about the humans. Which means Optimus Prime has seen a lot of porn ―Dunkcity239, Nov 2013
observations	spicy	In the UK, a "God hates fags" sign is actually good for your health. ―Piaga, Apr 2014
observations	spicy	In the past decade, my wife and I have gone from kids trying to quietly have sex while their parents sleep to parents trying to quietly have sex while their kids sleep ―TheAmazingSpider-Ham, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	In the song "99 Problems", the police officer says "well we'll see how smart you are when the k9 come". If this dog is a female, one of Jay-Z's problem is indeed, a bitch. ―JonJMR, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	In the time span of other countries, the US is a dumb teenager with way to much money. We spend it all on "cool" shit like weapons, and think education is stupid ―colehoots, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	Inside every beautiful skyscraper are pipelines of shit that are constantly flowing. ―TheCoastalService, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	Instead of asking for "Gender" or "Sex" on forms and such, why not just change the category to a chromosomal option, e.g. "XX"/"XY", so we can all be done with this already? ―whusCrackalackin, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	Instead of creating shit like the Apple Watch, Apple should develop a phone that could survive being dropped without the use of a $60 case. ―EGBallislife, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Instead of giving mass killers/rapists news coverage and nicknames that they want we should give them ridiculous names like "Gayboi Gacy" "Baby dick Bundy" "Rat Face Ramirez" ―Jackielegz8689, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Instead of rebooting amazing films, we should reboot shitty ones that showed potential. ―Frenchelbow, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	Instead of remaking good films, we should remake shitty ones that showed potential. ―Arthur_Fookin_Dayne, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	Is an ejaculating penis a fountain of youth? ―Rorshock, Oct 2014
observations	spicy	Is my dick an identical copy of my dad's dick? Or is it a combination of my dad's and my mom's, if she had one? ―donatorbonator, May 2015
observations	spicy	It occurred to me as I watched Deadpool last night, that Deadpool should teach a brief sex education lesson in the beginning of Deadpool 2 to punish crappy parents who bring their kids to rated R movies. ―Deltadoc333, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	It would be amazingly terrifying if animals waged war against each other like humans do. You'd wake up, get a cup of coffee and look out your window and say things like "Oh shit, looks like the bears and eagles are fightin' again." ―gmcemu, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	It would be scary as fuck if the entire Ocean was clear like a swimming pool. ―JustinTimberbeach, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	It's a good thing Dr. Seuss books come with pictures, because otherwise I'd have no fuckin clue what he was talking about. ―PM_ME_NSFW_HARLEY_Q, May 2016
observations	spicy	It's a pretty big fucking coincidence that "Alzheimers" sounds a lot like "old timers". ―curemode, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	It's hard to win an argument with a smart person, but it's damn near impossible to win an argument with a stupid person. ―KoreTen, May 2015
observations	spicy	It's harder for kids to buy a rated M game than to get access to porn ―AlphaQsofaKingDirty, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	It's not an "uncircumcised penis" - it's a penis. That's what they look like naturally. We wouldn't say someone has an "unlifted face" or "unaugmented breasts". ―FatherAndSun, Dec 2013
observations	spicy	It's not premarital sex if we're not going to get married. ―Dano4600, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	It's not premarital sex if you never get married ―Tbrahn, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	It's really redundant when a news website has a "Read More" button cutting off the article. I'm obviously on the page to read the article, I didn't open the page just to look at their fucking mosaic of ads. ―TitanicMan, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	It's still illegal to do butt sex in some states. Some gay men can't even consummate their marriage. Poor bastards. ―thezealousy, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	It's weird that nipples are the most "obscene" part of the boob when that's the part everyone has, while the part unique to women, the round squishy part, is pretty much fair game. ―newheart_restart, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	Its amazing how potatoes give us chips, french fries and vodka. Get your shit together, every other vegetable ―RossD123, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Its hard to win an argument with a smart person, but it is damn near impossible to win an argument with a stupid person. ―PanosGreek, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	Its weird how it's socially acceptable to put someone else's genitals in your mouth, but eating a Dorito off the floor after a few seconds is gross. What a fucking double standard. ―emilNYC, Oct 2014
observations	spicy	Its weird how my brain automaticly reads "wtf" as "what the fuck" but still reads lol as l-o-l ―BrokenSalsaJar, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	It’s so dumb that drug dealers get sentenced to prison longer than rapists. People ask for drugs, nobody asks for rape. ―watl0l, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Jersey must be a real shithole, if New Jersey was supposed to be an improvement. ―edfitz83, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	Jon Stewart sure picked the shittiest year ever to retire.... ―CyberToaster, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	Just realised that Popeye, my favourite cartoon when I was a kid, was basically about a guy who took performance enhancing drugs to rescue his girlfriend from abduction, forced marriage and rape. ―[deleted], Jul 2016
observations	spicy	Kanye West may have more money than me, but any time I want I can see the mother of his child with a dick in her mouth ―smokeTO, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	Kids are basically sex trophies ―[deleted], Feb 2015
observations	spicy	Kim Kardashian gave birth to Northwest, does that make her vagina the Northwest Passage? ―Kirito213, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Kleenex and other tissue brands profit from sadness, sickness and masturbation ―TuckDuckGoose, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	Laughing is so fucking weird. You just stare at the other person with your mouth wide open making ridiculous sounds and sometimes you can't stop. ―TheRose22, May 2016
observations	spicy	Learning to code has totally fucked my google search history. For example, "Do you fork a child before or after you kill the parent?" ―lllllllillllllllllll, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	Leggings, yoga pants, skinny jeans; it's like this decade was made for the ass man. ―Dire88, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	Leonardo Da Vinci would shit his pants if he saw a printer replicate his masterpiece the Mona Lisa in 1 minute. ―xxmindtrickxx, May 2015
observations	spicy	Life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole. ―currykid82, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Life would be different if semen was purple and stained things ―dolphintherapist, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	Light from the sun travelled 93 million miles just to bounce off my penis ―duerushedr, Jan 2014
observations	spicy	Lonely seniors in retirement homes should be introduced to reddit as we would listen to their tales of the good old days. ―FuckYofavMC, Oct 2014
observations	spicy	Making Siri say dirty things is this generations way of typing boob on a calculator ―Ichthasen, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	Marry, fuck, kill could also be called treasure, pleasure, or an extreme measure ―JazzyJarvis, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	Masturbating deaf men must be amongst the most paranoid person alive ―themoisme, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Masturbating in the bathroom at work is the perfect crime. In order for them to punish you,they'd have to admit to spying on you in the bathroom, which is illegal. ―EauEwe, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	Masturbating only feels half as good as sex, but sex feels only half as good as you imagine it when masturbating. ―orthoros, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	Masturbating to pictures in the Harry Potter universe would be extremely uncomfortable for the people in the pictures. ―CaptainDarkstar42, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Masturbating to pictures in the Harry Potter universe would be extremly uncomfortable for the people in the pictures ―tyden_, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	Masturbating while watching porn is like nibbling on crackers while watching people at an all you can eat buffet. ―FastidiousSlacker, Aug 2014
observations	spicy	Matching a country to almost any object makes it sound like a sex act. E.g.: Lebanese wheelbarrow, Mexican earmuffs . ―STOP-IT-PLEASE, May 2016
observations	spicy	Maybe it is ok being kinda short. Tall guys have to bend over for hugs and get nothing but shoulder. I get full on squishy boob ―SphincterInk, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	McDonald's should have a 3rd window where you can trade in all the wrong shit they gave you at the second window ―Anumix, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Me having a 'shitty ass fucking day' is much different than a porn star having a 'shitty ass fucking day' ―JustALuckyShot, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Meaning of ASAP has changed from "As soon as possible" to "Fucking now" ―root_su, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Medusa would be way less dangerous if she had huge boobs ―shitstainjefferson, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	Mobile Porn sites should make all buttons big enough to click with your nose. ―cd4life, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	More people have been President of the United States than who have sucked my dick. Sucking my dick is a more exclusive club. ―[deleted], Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Most men learn to masturbate before they have sex, so most men learn how to pleasure a man before they pleasure a woman. ―LLment, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	Most millionaires continue to work very hard despite being worth millions of dollars. There is no way I'd be working, which is why I probably won't be a millionaire. ―ShittingVomit, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	Most of my friends with detailed plans on how they’d survive a zombie apocalypse lose their shit when a small insect enters the room. ―NoTalentUK, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Most of the noises that you hear outside in rural areas are animals screaming "please fuck me!" as loud as they can. ―jrobear11, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	Most of us don't like the buzzing sound that wasps and the like make, and even react with fear. But imagine if those fuckers were silent... ―Amopax, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	Mothers who become friends because their kids are the same age are only friends because they had sex at roughly the same time ―Archada, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Much like pornography has given people unrealistic expectations of their sex life, my time on reddit has left me deeply dissatisfied with my cat. ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	spicy	Must be hard for pornstar family members to surf porn sites ―kdlasjfl, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	My 13 year old self would be appalled and disgusted by how often I'm not in the mood to have sex with the beautiful woman who shares my bed every night. ―ArtThouIncensedBro, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	My 15 year old self would be appalled to hear how many times I've chosen sleep over sex. ―lochstimpson, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	My activities on the internet are basically the same things I would do if I were a ghost: Listen in on people's conversations, spy on people having sex, and watch whatever movies and concerts I want for free. ―Khromulabobulation, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	My birth control pills are like a shitty advent calendar for my period. ―[deleted], Aug 2016
observations	spicy	My butthole is entirely too close to my vagina. ―fartkeeper, Jul 2013
observations	spicy	My daughter routinely comes home from school with 1-2 hours of homework to do every night. If my boss did this to me I would tell him to shove it up his ass. ―compforu, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	My dick and stomach are like my two business partners whose sole purpose is to run the business into the ground. ―genecalmer, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	My dick has never touched a ceiling ―Dmeegs1, May 2015
observations	spicy	My friend just told me condoms are for "fucking pussies." He was literally right. ―theprocrastinator21, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	My future wife is probably banging some dude right now. Damn. ―jessemfguire87, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	My hand has probably traveled over a mile just from wiping my ass alone. ―Personacorona, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	My internet bill is basically a subscription fee for all of those "free" porn websites ―SassManDo, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	My parents were once young, scared shitless, and just trying to find their way in the world. They fought sleep deprivation, made huge financial sacrifices, and were always there for me. I really should have done the dishes more. ―Cheeetooos, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	My penis grew a beard faster than I did. ―sonicbash206, May 2015
observations	spicy	My personal email is used 1% for email and 99% for logging into random shit ―Narksdog, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	My phone, remote, and even smoke detector can warn me of a low battery but my car doesn't have a fucking clue. ―dellwood513, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	My school gives out free condoms, but charges for printing. They value my sex life more than my academics ―qwww456, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	My sex life is like 9/11: It happened a while ago, and it could happen again any day now, but men and women around the world are doing their best to prevent it from ever happening again. ―mharrizone, May 2015
observations	spicy	My son just turned two. Something that once traveled through my penis now knows how to use crayons. ―_HEY_EARL_, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	My standards for who I'm willing to masturbate to is much higher than who I'm willing to have sex with ―pikindaguy, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	My wife just went back to school which means I'm having sex with a college girl. ―steeb2er, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	My wife's gynecologist steps out to give her privacy and change into the gown, and then proceed to look at her vagina. ―whosinthetrunk, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	My worst trait as a shitty American is experiencing frustration when filling out a profile and finding that the 'Country' section doesn't have USA listed at the top ―PalmBeacham, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	NSFL shouldn't be just a hyperbolic version of NSFW. It should go like this: NSFW for sexy stuff, NSFL for death and/or gore-related content. Every time I see the NSFW tag I'm like "cool, boobs" and then BOOM... dead body. ―Honka_Honka, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	NSFW Porn has probably helped reduce the rate of teen pregnancies by popularizing external ejaculation. ―dablueloon, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	NSFW tags on showerthoughts are fucking useless. ―leftovercaffeine, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Naming a porn website "Brazzers" is really considerate because the name can be typed entirely with the left-hand. ―JordanRUDEmag, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	Netflix really needs a never fucking suggest this again option. ―CoconutWally, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	Nightmares are fucking weird. Your brain is the author, viewer and cinema of a horror movie whose script is probably written as you are viewing it. ―instantpowdy, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	Nip slips would be a lot better if they were called peek-a-boobs ―usnij, Oct 2014
observations	spicy	No one has looked at my computer in over 3 years, but I still go incognito when I watch porn. ―PM_ME_YOUR_KITTENS-, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	Now that I'm a parent, I wonder how much money my parents pissed away on toys that I can't remember even having. ―potentialcontender, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	Of course our moms don't think we're ugly. Half of our genes came from someone that she thought was attractive enough to have sex with ―The_Great_Hambriento, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	Old music sounds better than today's music because nobody remembers the shitty ones. ―AREYOUFUCKING_SORRY, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	One advantage of being a woman is no one can surprise you with a kid years later and tell you you're the mom. ―Cobra-penis, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	One bar of volume on your media device is not enough to watch a movie, but too much for porn. ―vartanu, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	One day robots are going to be sentient beings going through a fight for equal rights, and we'll be the old generation saying "I'm not giving voting rights to a damn machine", while our grandkids talk about how backward we all are ―assumes, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	One day someone is going to have to explain "Dick's out for Harambe" to the child that fell into his enclosure. ―DroopyDrewP, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Oral sex probably got more popular after soap was discovered. ―Saladatea, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	Otters have no fucking idea space even exists. ―[deleted], Jun 2015
observations	spicy	Over time, the insult "two dollar whore" has become progressively more offensive. ―apocalypsemeow111, Apr 2014
observations	spicy	Pandora should have a "Shit, Go Back" button for when you accidentally skip a song you like ―-sackmaster-, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	Parents are the only people to speak highly of you behind your back and talk shit right to your face. ―kygrtj, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	Parents often say "You'll understand when you're older". I am 33 and still have no fucking clue ―jursla, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	People assume that the first sex robots will be sold for men, but the reality is, women have already been using them for years and years ―apcom, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	People call a man a bitch when he is being a pussy, but call a woman a bitch when she is being a dick. ―SpazmaticCrackAddict, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	People don't get crankier as they age - they just become less tolerant of other people's shit. ―regularpizza, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	People don't realize through their day how much implicit trust they have for welders. ―FUCKING_HATE_REDDIT, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	People that say "What keeps atheists from raping, murdering, and stealing if they don't believe in God?" want to rape, murder, and steal from you but they're worried God will catch them. ―SenorBeef, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	People use variations of "yes" a lot during sex, but it'd be awkward if they said "yep" or "certainly". ―nyc_daniel, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	People were so superstitious about the number 13 that they would skip the 13th floor while building hotels, but not bakers, bakers fucking owned it ―Regularoldballoon, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	People who die having sex with their SO, really did die doing what they loved. ―creeperdragon111, May 2016
observations	spicy	People who rate porn videos are the unsung heroes of our generation ―SlooshMcGoosh, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	People who say "Family First" or "Family Is Everything" almost always have the most fucked up family dynamics. ―Got_That_Suga, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	People who say "I can text and drive just fine" are oblivious to how shitty they drive because they're texting. ―Dexter_McThorpan, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	People who say "sorry I look like shit, I'm not wearing any make-up" are literally apologizing for looking like a normal human being. ―fy29, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	Pharoahs convincing people they were gods and that taxes should go to building the world's largest fucking buildings for them to die in was the original pyramid scheme ―Regularoldballoon, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	Philosophy is like masturbation. It feels great while you're doing it but, it gets you nowhere, and when you're done there's a bigger mess than when you started ―OnlyBADJokes, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	Photo developers were the original victims of unsolicited dick pics ―moralanarchy, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	Porn and the WWE are essentially the same. Both feature unrealistic representations of humans taking way longer to accomplish something, in which the acting doesn't matter and the more outrageous the personality, the more popular. ―SergeiDiaghilev, May 2016
observations	spicy	Porn companies and Disney shows are looking to hire the same demographic - adults who look like teens. ―hippydippybaloney, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Porn is the one industry where segregating races, genders, sexual preference, is completely acceptable ―Slim_slug, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Porn is the only genre of video where it's acceptable to put a spoiler in the title. ―Bolderthegreat, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Porn is the only industry where it is not only acceptable but standard to separate people based on race, sex and sexual preference. ―Badmirputin, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	Porn is the only movie genre where most of the main characters are female ―zehnfischer, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	Porn is the only type of entertainment where "not watching the whole thing" means it was good. ―simz1437, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	Porn is the perfect place for a pop-up scare to take place. ―150crawfish, May 2015
observations	spicy	Porn is to sex as WWE is to wrestling ―AverageJohnson, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	Porn is to sex what Kung Fu movies are to fighting . There's a lot more screaming , weird positions and techniques than you'll ever see in real life ―RepubliKin, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Porn mags in the Harry Potter universe would be amazing. ―ElectricSeal, Jun 2014
observations	spicy	Porn movies should have a "bloopers" part at the end showing how many times the guy accidentally came before a scene ended. ―PM_ME_STEAMGAMES_PLS, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	Porn sites should enable sorting by the number of people who left the website after watching the video ―Offjacker, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	Porn sites should enable sorting by the number of people who left the website after watching the video. ―mystic1_wizard, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	Porn sites should end in .cum instead of .com ―InsomniacFan, May 2014
observations	spicy	Porn sites should have a category of "The man is silent" ―donniesf, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Porn sites should have an "I'm feeling lucky" button for when you're not really sure what you want to watch. ―L0kiMotion, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	Porn sites should have bright backgrounds while the video is buffering so I don't have to see my reflection ―sugartits234, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	Porn sites should partner with dating sites, track your kinks, and match you with people who are into the same things. ―autopornbot, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	Porn websites specialising in orgies should use .org instead of .com ―RedCardedForever, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	PornHub employees are the only people in the world who would rush to the porn tab when their boss walks by ―cptrazek, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	PornHub should have an educational category that shows you how to have safe sex, open and put on a condom, etc.. ―imb4u, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	Pornhub should make a NSFW version of Mythbusters that tests sex related stories and old wive's tales. ―Charyou-Tree, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	Premarital sex isn't really premarital sex if you don't get married ―Usernameless_, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	Premarital sex was forbidden in the Bible because brides were regularly younger than 13. ―chozobody, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	Prince William and the royal babies sounds like a euphamism for your dick and balls. ―BITCHES_DIG_KARMA, May 2015
observations	spicy	Public toilets should be able to measure the weight of people's shits and display the results in a leader board. ―idislikeapple, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	Pussies are biologically designed to receive regular poundings and stretch to birth an entire miniature human; one kick to the testicles can destroy a guy. Yet for some reason, we associate "pussy" with weakness and having "balls" with strength. ―sthornr, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	Reddit is essentially a pub. If you're not local you better watch what you say or you'll piss off the regulars. ―Limmy92, May 2016
observations	spicy	Reddit is like one of those girls on Facebook that say they hate drama but actually fucking love it ―[deleted], Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Reverse anger management should be a thing. Some people need to learn how to stop giving a fuck and get angry once in a while. ―yousuckbananas, Oct 2014
observations	spicy	Right now in California you can tell how much of an asshole someone is by the color of their lawn. ―thefenceturtle, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	Right now my body is doing hundreds of things to keep me alive, but consciously I'm just scratching my ass ―Kamanev, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	Santa is a dick for letting Rudolph be treated like crap until he became "useful." ―FiveGuysAlive, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	Sasha Grey's kid has to be really careful when browsing porn ―whatthebitchsaw, May 2015
observations	spicy	Saving porn to a usb stick makes it a sex drive. ―TR4VE, Aug 2014
observations	spicy	Say in public that you had sex and people will think that you're weird. Say in public that you're pregnant and people will congratulate you. ―Elvith, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	Saying "I'm a vegetarian, but I eat chicken and fish" is like saying "I'm a virgin, but I have anal sex." ―mistertranslator, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Saying "What an ass." about a guy is an insult, but saying it about a girl is a compliment ―shredshredshredshred, Sep 2014
observations	spicy	Saying "ohhh fuck" when having sex is like saying "mmmm eat" when eating ―JuniorGenius, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	Seasonal allergies are your body telling you that it is uncomfortable with plants having sex near you ―GodPoopsToo, May 2014
observations	spicy	Self Driving Cars are going to Exponentially Increase the Amount of Car Sex ―itsthedude99, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	Selfie could easily be a another word for masturbation. ―GatmanBegins, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	Sending a dick pick is literally junk mail ―Mmmbeerisu, May 2015
observations	spicy	Seven and eleven both have the word even in their names. Yet they are odd numbers. ―fucks-not-given, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	Sex changes will become so perfected that someone will be the first person to tell us if giving birth is more painful than getting hit in the nuts. ―mementomori_3, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	Sex drive should be a major criteria in matchmaking and dating sites. ―ninjbyte, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	Sex is the only activity where hiring a professional is considered wrong and is often illegal ―DivinePrinterGod, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	Sex scenes in shows/movies always cut off too early when watching alone, but last way too long when your parents are around. ―themachin3, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Sex shops should have self-checkouts like at the supermarket so it's not as awkward ―BlackPresident, Jul 2013
observations	spicy	Sex would be really gross if sperm were big enough to see ―Man_savage, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	Shouting "Yes!" and "Yeah!" during sex is perfectly normal, but shouting "Yep!" would make it incredibly awkward. ―Dolandemort, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	Showerthoughts are caused by not having contact with any electronics, books, or people for ~30 minutes. ―dip-shit, Jul 2013
observations	spicy	Since a large part of dust is made of dead skin cells, and because I frequently apply friction to my penis, I wonder how much dick dust is in my room right now ―jdscarface, May 2015
observations	spicy	Slight [NSFW] I wish all of my body parts would grow twice as big and strong when I need to use them just like my penis does. ―skeptical_dragon, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	Slow wifi pisses me off more than no wifi at all ―northerndownpours, May 2016
observations	spicy	Slow wifi pisses me off more than not having wifi at all ―Imjustmisunderstood, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Smoke breaks at work are fine, but masturbation breaks at work will get you fired. Which one's bad for your health again? ―FoxOfLanguages, May 2015
observations	spicy	Social media has made it possible for me to get drunk at home alone and still publicly make an ass of myself ―AbcessiveCompulsive1, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Social media is to real life what porn is to real sex. ―HardAtWorkPainting, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	Some asshole out there is actually sorting by "Price: high to low" ―WGPuck, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	Some atoms have gone 13.8 billion years only to learn that their purpose in this universe is to be manufactured into a dildo to be shoved up someone's asshole. ―Mankriks_Mistress, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	Some badass motherfucker in the past domesticated a fucking wolf. ―DamienHanrahan, May 2014
observations	spicy	Some car company needs to invent a "polite honk" where you're not trying to be a dick but you got a green light there buddy. ―DelicateLadyQueefs, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	Some day, "Bitches Ain't Shit" by Dr. Dre will be playing somewhere, and an elderly couple will turn to each other and say, "They're playing our song." ―emilhoff, May 2015
observations	spicy	Some porn websites let you hover over the thumbnail to see a quick slideshow of the video, while youtube still lacks this technology. ―evan3138, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	Some trees spend hundreds of years growing just so I can wipe my ass. ―mjarc, Oct 2014
observations	spicy	Someone on the planet has watched more porn than any other human ―vg1746, Jul 2014
observations	spicy	Someone thought they were real fuckin' clever sneaking a B into the word "Subtle" ―tkalsey, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	Someone who refuses a request to join the mile high club doesn't give a flying fuck. ―occams_nightmare, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	Somewhere out there is a man who cut skin off of my penis. ―ApolloIV, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	Somewhere out there is a really tall person named Richard who is literally the biggest Dick in the world. ―haddock420, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	Somewhere out there, in the infinite expanse of the universe, there is a planet whose night sky has a penis constellation ―Chispy, Apr 2014
observations	spicy	Spring time is a giant orgy for trees and plants, and we're allergic to their semen. ―turtlenecksareforme, Jun 2013
observations	spicy	Starbucks should have a line for everybody who wants their venti triple half-caf soy mochas with no whip, and separate line for people who want a cup of coffee. ―dick-nipples, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	Starbucks should have a regular coffee line and a complicated ass order line ―Pile_Of_Atoms, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	Steam should have a "Recommended for your shitty computer" section. ―DamnDanielToHell, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	Steve Harvey fucked up reading info from a card, but that's all that motherfucker does on Family Feud. ―ChrisTaliaferro, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Subways are like the world's shittiest roller coasters. ―Flstandantilus, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	Superman could hear his adopted parents having sex in incredible detail, every time. ―afkurzz, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	Surgeons who perform sex change operations should be known as Trans-formers ―chrismonx, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	Taking a picture of your food is like taking a "before" picture of your shit ―Yrjosmiel, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Taking the cover off my phone is like sex without a condom. I know it's dangerous but it just feels so much better ―Brexitishere, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	Technology didn't make our society shittier, it just exposed all of the shitty things in our society. ―PuppiesAndTea, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	Telling women to cover themselves to avoid rape is like telling people to build a simple-poor looking house to not get robbed. ―makantidur95, May 2016
observations	spicy	Thank God Mr. Incredible ended up marrying Elastigirl. He probably would have killed anyone else he tried to have sex with... ―PyjamaSlam, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	The "B" in Butt looks like a Butt whilst the "P" in Penis looks like a penis whilst the "V" in vagina looks like a vagina. ―Storm_sprite, Sep 2014
observations	spicy	The "What's Your Porn Star Name" game (first pet's name + street you grew up on) is just a way to steal your password recovery information ―fornaow, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	The '&amp;' symbol looks like a person dragging their ass along the ground ―Hairy_Cheeks, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	The Coca Cola logo is actually a really generic logo that became unique by pretty much not giving a fuck about logo design for 129 years. ―Anthony_Padildo, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	The Harry Potter universe has such a wide variety of magical creatures but the house sygils are based on normal-ass animals ―Joeybadbutt, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	The Internet is basically a teenager right now. It's got all this potential, but the only thing it's focused on is buying things, trying to be popular, and sex. ―WHO_TF_AM_I, May 2015
observations	spicy	The Internet is basically a teenager right now. It's got all this potential, but the only thing it's focussed on is buying things, trying to be popular and sex. ―SynysteredDave, May 2016
observations	spicy	The NFL is basically watching millionaires beat the shit out of each other for ugly jewelry ―hankerchief31, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	The Onion must be pissed because they can't come up with anything about Donald Trump that's funnier than his real life. ―Sir_Bocks, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	The Queen of England took a shit today. ―harmonicamike, Jun 2013
observations	spicy	The TSA would shit themselves if you brought a parachute as your carry-on ―bandito5280, Aug 2014
observations	spicy	The Viagra commercial says "make sure your heart is healthy enough for sex". That's a really deep question if you think about it in a more metaphorical way. ―OneEyedCharlie, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	The asshole is the nipple of the butt. Showing boob is not nudity unless the nipple is exposed; likewise, asses are not extremely pornographic unless the asshole is revealed. ―ancientcreature, Aug 2014
observations	spicy	The best racial slur to use against white people would be Juggalo. I'm white, and if someone called me that, I'd be pissed. ―JuliaStClaire, Aug 2014
observations	spicy	The better the porn video, the less likely I am to see to the end of it. ―[deleted], Oct 2015
observations	spicy	The biggest lie Disney Channel's ever told me is that there are 10 minutes of whatever the fuck you want between classes ―bannaner5, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	The body acceptance movement never happened for men because we're fine with looking like shit. ―Killhouse, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	The course of human history might be completely different if every man's penis was exactly the same size ―sirius4778, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	The fact that "suck my dick" is considered and used as a profanity when "eat my pussy" is not goes to show the importance of supply and demand ―don_Mugurel, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	The fact that we have a universally recognized hand sign for "fuck you" and not one for "I'm sorry" should really tell us something. ―Silvervox325, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	The feeling after eating too much and the feeling after masturbating is almost the same: "I feel moderately disgusting and I have lost all interest in having anything to do with this again." ―thatseraphimguy, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	The female version of cock blocking should be called beaver damming. ―ohjeezandoy, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	The first eighteen years of your life are like a free trial, and after that it's pay to play. ―Fuckminsterfullerene, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	The first guy to realize parrots could mimic humans must have freaked the fuck out ―TQQ, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	The first man to ever get circumcised probably had to do ALOT of explaining to people he had sex with. ―VladimirPigPutin, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	The first person that tested a parachute had to be a huge bad ass. ―Drewsky25, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	The future President of the United States shit his pants today and will definitely need a nap later. ―EpiCurus09, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	The game "fuck, marry, kill" could also be called "fork, spoon, knife". ―lard-lad, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	The game Fuck, Marry, Kill could totally be renamed Fork, Spoon, Knife ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	spicy	The golden snitch is describe as "damn near impossible to see", so they give a kid with glasses the job of catching it. ―staticbobblehead, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	The guy who discovered popcorn must've freaked the fuck out ―cubictortoise, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	The human race is gonna cure the shit out of mice before it does the same thing for itself. ―TheRealHandSanitizer, May 2015
observations	spicy	The idea of a ghost that moans may have been started by children whose parents were having sex in the adjacent room and denied having heard the sounds. ―AlenGiss, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	The idea of a ghost that moans may have been started by children whose parents were having sex in the adjacent room and denied having heard the sounds. ―Overwritten, Sep 2014
observations	spicy	The idea of ghost moaning might have started due to kids hearing their parents having sex, and them denying hearing any sounds. ―Newgirla, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	The internet "sluts" doing porn have positively impacted more lives than most people ever will. ―Mistrelvous, May 2014
observations	spicy	The leaning Tower of Pisa - When you fuck up so bad it becomes a tourist attraction. ―OpieArmy, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	The longest most of us will ever go without masturbating is roughly 12 years. That's from birth to 12 years old. ―redroverdover, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	The longest time most of us spend without masturbating starts when we're born and ends when we masturbate for the first time ―deus_bacchus, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	The man claiming he'll bring jobs back is best known for firing people ―FuckoffDemetri, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	The man who submitted the world record for smallest dick has the biggest balls. ―Televirus, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	The massive amount of gay sex that will happen tonight will have absolutely no effect on the birthrate in 9 months ―random5924, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	The military of evey nation should have paintball team and have world championships for shits and giggles. ―_The_Burn_, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	The more I learn, the shittier the world gets. ―pluviophilosophy, Dec 2013
observations	spicy	The more adventuring a knight does, the more banged up his armor gets. So if you get rescued by a knight in shining armor, you probably got rescued by a really shitty knight. ―[deleted], Dec 2014
observations	spicy	The more interracial sex we have now, the less we'll be able to have later. ―meqad, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	The more interracial sex we have, the less interracial sex we can have. ―djoodlesofnoodles, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	The most underrated people are the ones who sift through all the shitty posts in new ―Ibott09, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	The names earth porn and food porn borrow from the wrong end of the word "pornography" ―churniglow, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	The notion that a ghosts moans may have been started by children whose parents were having sex but later denied having heard or made the noise.. ―cagar003, May 2016
observations	spicy	The older I get, the more I realize there are no grown ups and nobody knows what the fuck they’re doing. ―stevheng, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	The only time you can brag about having sex to your parents is when you are having a baby. ―[deleted], Apr 2016
observations	spicy	The only time you ever see a condom used in a sex scene in a film is if it's a comedy. ―Colinmacus, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	The owner of a dildo company is getting paid to make people go and fuck themselves ―Shazamo_, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	The penis is considered more obscene than the butt, but urine is considered less obscene than feces. ―MrDrProfessorWiggles, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	The people who bitch about millenials are the same people who were responsible for raising us. ―GnomishProtozoa, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	The phrase "I never said she licked my asshole" has 7 different meanings depending on which word you stress ―DunkingFatMansFriend, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	The phrase "potato potato, tomato tomato" is really fucking dumb when you spell it out. ―WritersLego, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	The phrase "what an asshole" could be considered a compliment in the right moment. ―Jacksoffwithhotsauce, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	The porn industry should be known as 'The Jizzness' ―Heart_of_Dagless, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	The porn stars I'll eventually beat off to as an old man haven't even been born yet. ―Captain_Kuhl, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	The reason Harry wasn't chosen for Ravenclaw was because he tried to catch the Hogwarts letters from the air instead of taking one from the fucking floor. ―CapytannHook, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	The reason it seems like everyone in public restrooms always has crazy diarrhea is probably because no one really wants to shit in a public restroom unless it's an emergency. ―DeathStarDriveBy, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	The reason why Ash kept falling for Team Rocket's shitty schemes and costumes is because Ash is a 10 year old child. ―egm03, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	The saddest thing about the 'Last time I had sex was in 2003' song line in Jon Lajoie's Everyday Normal Guy song is that it gets a little bit sadder every year. ―dustofoblivion123, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	The saying "You'll like him once you get to know him" basically means "He's a dick, but you'll get used to it". ―welshie123, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	The shittier your camera, the higher chance you'll encounter some rare, creepy, unidentified creature ―lawful_neutral, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	The song "Happy" by Pharrell makes me fucking hostile, while the song "Fucking Hostile" by Pantera makes me happy. ―Dan_Berg, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	The videos you watch before you find the right one to masturbate to are really just Fap-itizers ―gwarster, May 2015
observations	spicy	The word "Anna" shifted down the alphabet one letter becomes "Boob" ―s4082211, Apr 2014
observations	spicy	The word "bitch" is used to describe people of either gender who possess negative traits of the other. ―skippwhy, Mar 2014
observations	spicy	The word 'fuck' insults Louis C.K. when spelt out. ―[deleted], Mar 2015
observations	spicy	There are approximately as many boobs as there are humans in the world. ―Bandage, Jan 2014
observations	spicy	There are literally people on NSFW sub reddits that suck dick for karma. ―WadeWilsonforPope, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	There are probably hundreds of great, unique and breakthrough reddit posts/comments we'll never see because, in the middle of writting, the poster thought "Fuck it. Why am I even writting that?" and didn't finish his thought. ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	spicy	There is a teenager in Italy who masturbated for the first time in his/her life just before the earthquake started. He low-key believes it was because of his own degenerate self. ―iamalbus, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	There is more money being spent on breast implants and Viagra today, than on Alzheimer's research. This means that by 2040, there should be a large elderly population with perky boobs, huge erections, and absolutely no recollection of what to do with them. ―247NoSleep, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	There is no greater human sense than then the male sense of hearing whilst watching porn in an occupied house. ―24h00, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	There is probably a person, somewhere in the world, who has sucked dick for Bitcoin. ―[deleted], Oct 2014
observations	spicy	There should be a "no depressing shit" button on reddit.. I don't like looking at sad stuff. ―elfmachine100, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	There should be a "registered false rape accusation" database much like we have a "registered sex offender" database. ―RiverCard, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	There should be a porn star named Dwayne "The Cock" Johnson ―Pyne, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	There should be a porno about giving dick to poor women, called Robin Wood ―SomeCoolBloke, May 2015
observations	spicy	There should be a reverse Viagra that keeps your penis flaccid so you don't get a boner in an awkward situation. ―Ayrey, May 2015
observations	spicy	There should be a reverse-Yelp that warns businesses about shitty customers. ―ben123111, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	There should be a shop where they have a boob scanner that 3D prints the perfect bra for you. ―Awesome-o_O, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	There should be a shop where they have a boob scanner which 3D prints the perfect bra for you. ―dinosaur-crack, May 2015
observations	spicy	There should be an apologetic car horn so when you fuck up in traffic you can say sorry without upsetting the other driver even more. ―JMB-X, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	There should be an app that claims to detect pregnancies, just to see how many girls piss on their phones ―MoonManMooningMan, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	There should be an incognito mode on Netflix, for the times when you're drunk/high and don't want to fuck up your recommendations by watching Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2 ―unclepedo, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	There should be dorms for single adults similar to the ones at colleges. When you’re single, life would be a lot better if you are surrounded by attractive members of the opposite sex and get all of your food made for you in a cafeteria. ―HankSc0rp10, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	There was a time when I could masturbate to a drawing of a cleavage in a comic book, but now I can't even get erect until I find "that" porn video. ―it_roll, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	There's a point when parents stop hoping you're not having sex, and start hoping you ARE having sex. ―VasyaK, May 2015
observations	spicy	There's most likely a girl from your high school who has a sex tape on the internet and you'll most likely never find that video. ―thuursty, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	They call it a Beaver (vagina) because it eats Wood (penis) ―BackJurden, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	They should make "college porn", in which all the actors and actresses lines are actual college study guides for specific courses. ―ZeeQuestionAsker, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	They should put a tiny message at the end of chapstick tubes congratulating you for not losing the damn thing. ―Jabroni0530, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	They should remake shitty movies instead of good ones. ―ChuckBronsoncomedy, May 2016
observations	spicy	They should take Reddit down for a week and fuck with the internet "Writers" that steal all their content from it. ―GlazedReddit, May 2016
observations	spicy	This shitstorm started when the button ended... The button was the countdown to reddits death ―Im_The_Real_Batman, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	This time of the year is perfect for masturbating. If any of your loved ones ask why your door is locked, you can just say you were wrapping gifts. ―TalismanicMagick, Dec 2015
observations	spicy	Tinder could pull data on how many people like your profile vs how many who view it and give you a percentile based off all people of your age and sex. They could literally tell you if are a 4 or a 9 based on unbiased data. ―ZowieBowie, May 2015
observations	spicy	Today, as I go off to work, I'm cosplaying a responsible adult who doesn't get baked as shit every night. ―asleepatthewhee1, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	Trucknuts never have a penis on them because the dick is driving the truck ―myfathersweregild, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	Unprotected sex is like taking case off your phone. It feels great but you know you'll probably fuck up and have to pay a lot of money ―mslvr40, Sep 2014
observations	spicy	Urinals should have a screen showing how many ounces you've pissed along with high scores. ―regularpizza, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	Using baby wipes to clean up after sex is very literal ―alexmat, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	Using your phone without a case is like having sex without a condom - it's risky but feels amazing. ―bwitt33, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	Viagra is like caps lock for your dick. ―Cecilyle, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	Viagra is like caps lock for your dick. ―westborobabtist, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	Viagra's slogan should be "No more fucking problems" ―Katberga, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	Virtual reality porn is going to cause a major increase of people getting caught masturbating. ―Swichts, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	Was medium fructose corn syrup ever considered or did we just crank that shit to HIGH right off the bat? ―jjaksha, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	Watching porn and masturbating is like watching the food network and eating bread. ―BigVoter, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	We have approximately 780000km of nerves in our bodies, yet a single one in my tooth is enough to fuck up my whole week. ―NOV3LIST, May 2016
observations	spicy	We need a new TL;DR. How about TS;DL (Too slow; didn't look) for those times when the picture or gif takes too damn long to load! ―NAMKNURD, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	We should start broadcasting Independence Day into space with "based on a true story" at the beginning so aliens don't try any shit ―penguin_mustard, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	We use sex to sell anything and everything. But buying or selling actual sex is illegal. ―cortexer, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	We use sex to sell everything. We arrest those who buy and sell actual sex. ―HolloH, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	We were all one masturbation away from not existing... ―DuteSier, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	Weed is legal in two states. Having sex with a horse is legal in 23 states. ―[deleted], Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Weed is now legal in DC. But still illegal to buy, sell or consume it in public. Although you can gift it. This is practically the definition of sex. ―BoldRedSun, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	What if "go fuck yourself" means "go masturbate so you can think clearly and see why this is a bad idea" ―NotANinjask, May 2016
observations	spicy	What if Han has no idea what Chewie is saying and he’s just making up shit to agree with himself ―holdpriority, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	What if Hawking's computer has attained AI and is answering exactly the opposite of what he is trying to say just to fuck with humans? ―kjvlv, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	What if I'm severely retarded but I think I'm a functional human being because everyone I've ever met has felt sorry for me and treated me as an equal? ―fantafano, Mar 2014
observations	spicy	What if Mars has water on it because we used to live there and fucked up the climate so badly that we had to send an escape pod to earth with only Adam and Eve in it? ―Debazzle, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	What if Morpheus was a drug dealer, the pill was a psychedelic, and the whole movie was just Neo tripping the fuck out ―laibok, Oct 2014
observations	spicy	What if a radio station said "Hey Siri, text my mom 'fuck you'.......... Send" ―theWet_Bandits, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	What if aliens visited Earth during the Jurassic Period, found it to be occupied with a bunch of mean, giant lizards and thought "Well, fuck this planet" and never came back? ―[deleted], Apr 2015
observations	spicy	What if every time you choke on air it's actually a ghost penis? ―sabineastroph, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	What if porn ads aren't lies and all these years I've been missing out on a huge weiner and local hotties in my area? ―Back_door_bob, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	What if the Placebo Effect is a lie and taking pill-sized amounts of sugar is just a really fucking healthy thing to do. ―AnimationAbomination, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	What if, like, all the ants declared war on us. We'd be fucked, right? ―ask_me_if_im_naked, Sep 2013
observations	spicy	When I first joined reddit I was excited to get replies, now when I get one I wonder 'Who did I piss off this time?' ―Fluffy_Apple, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	When I get an inbox notification, I wonder who I pissed off. When I don't get any inbox notifications, I'm sad that Reddit is ignoring me. ―solepsis, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	When I have sex there is a chance I get viruses. When I watch porn there is a chance my computer gets viruses. ―onlyusernameleftsigh, May 2016
observations	spicy	When I see 'wtf' I immediately thinks 'what the fuck' but when I see 'lol' I think it as 'lol' ―Muazrozlan, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	When I see 'wtf' written I immediately think 'what the fuck' but when I see 'lol' I think it as 'lol' ―r_il, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	When I was 16, I waited 2 weeks to say I love you and 6 months to have sex. Now that I'm 31, I wait 2 weeks to have sex and 6 months to say I love you. ―[deleted], Jun 2016
observations	spicy	When I was a kid, Bart was my hero and Homer was a zero. Now I understand everything Homer does and Bart is just an annoying smart ass. ―farmtownte, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	When I was a kid, people got really pissed if you read their diaries. These days, kids put their diaries on the internet and get pissed if you don't read them. ―fatalis_vox, Apr 2015
observations	spicy	When I was young, I was terrified of ending up middle-aged and alone. Now I am and it's fucking awesome! ―Mumblix_Grumph, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	When I was young, falling in love was easy. Getting laid was not. Now that I'm older, getting laid is easy, finding love appears to be damn right impossible. ―ilovepumpkin, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	When I was younger, I privately worried that I was a sexual deviant because of the thoughts that ran through my head. But thanks to Internet porn, I discovered that, not only am I normal, I am downright vanilla. ―timhamilton47, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	When I watched That 70's Show as a teen, I related to Eric and his quest for sex and acceptance among his peers. Now, watching as an adult, I relate to Red's struggle to support his family and his general dislike of people. ―Andius, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	When I'm in a hurry every slow or easy going driver pisses me off. When I'm not in a hurry every aggressive driver pisses me off. ―metallidog, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	When I'm stuck in traffic, I'm not upset about the number of cars and reduced speed. I'm upset about all the damn idiots that drove so badly to make it so slow and bunched up. ―chaddgar, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	When Nicki Minaj says "I've got a big, fat ass" at the end of "Anaconda," it's a TL;DR for the lyrics. ―boysaredumb, May 2015
observations	spicy	When a girl walks in on a guy masturbating, he is the pervert. When a guy walks in on a woman masturbating, he's still the pervert. ―cheenus, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	When a university rejects your application, you literally paid them money just for them to tell you to go fuck yourself. ―senor_danger_zone, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	When an older couple is sitting silently at a restaurant; it's not that they have nothing to say to each other, it's that they're listening to your conversation in order to talk shit about you later. ―Jklein6001, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	When drone technology becomes cheap enough, hands-free umbrellas are gonna be the shit. ―TremendoSlap, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	When getting all depressed about my sad, shitty life I realized that my dog will be lucky to live another 4 years and he doesn't act like a little bitch about it. ―ButtersHound, Mar 2015
observations	spicy	When my father took me out fishing when I was a kid, he used to warn me to be quiet because we would scare the fish away. Pretty sure he just wanted me to shut the fuck up for a few hours. ―dandy36, May 2015
observations	spicy	When someone calls you a pussy ass bitch they are calling you three different animals ―Spanky_McFart, May 2016
observations	spicy	When someone claims to be constipated, they are full of shit whether they are telling the truth or lying. ―TheCreatorLovesYou, May 2016
observations	spicy	When someone finally invents a hoverboard, they won't be able to call it that because the name is already taken by those dumb ass sideways skateboards ―aznednacni, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	When someone says "you clean up nice," it means they didn't want to have sex with you before, but now they do. ―spoonerhouse, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	When there's an ad on a YouTube video i instantly hate whatever the ad is trying to sell. ―FuckAds____, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	When we were kids, dick jokes were considered adult content, but when we are adult now, they're considered immature. ―babydoom1, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	When you call a girl a bitch, its usually when she is acting dominant or assertive, but when you call a guy a bitch, its because hes being a huge pussy ―call_meghandi, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	When you get to a certain age you're sneaking a glance at her ring finger, not her boobs. ―absrd, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	When you look at a picture of the Earth - all the green you see is plants. That's a fuckload of plants. ―GangreneGangbang, Jun 2014
observations	spicy	When you make minimum wage you get yelled at for taking a shit for too long. When you make 50k a year, you're sent to day long conferences that have no relevance to you ―balancespec2, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	When you masturbate, you are basically lying to your penis. ―zePiNdA, Feb 2015
observations	spicy	When you procrastinate you're basically telling your future self, "Fuck you, you do it" ―Sweepy_time, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	When you're a kid, dick jokes are considered adult content, but when you're an adult they're considered immature. ―kraken_calamari, Mar 2014
observations	spicy	When you're over at a couple's place, there's almost a 100% chance they've had sex on the couch they expect you to sit on. ―DoubleSpinalTap, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Whenever I fuck up bad, I just remember that somewhere, an ant just brought borax laced food back to his queen and killed his entire family. ―Rufiodies, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	While millions of people are struggling to find water, we shit in it every morning. ―[deleted], Aug 2014
observations	spicy	Who pisses the shit smear off the inner toilet bowl in lesbian households? ―spacelemon, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Who the fuck was "I" in the "Now that's what I call music" album series? ―Jorogasm, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	Whoever discovered popcorn must have freaked the fuck out. ―Omny87, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	Whoever named the sweater was wearing that shit in the summer like an idiot. ―oface5446, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	Whoever put an "s" in "lisp" is seriously an asshole. ―rayneyday13, Feb 2014
observations	spicy	Why do "balls" equate to toughness and "pussy" equates to weakness when even the slightest flick to the nards sends a guy to his knees and vaginas can push out an entire human being? ―Good-ol-mr-helpful, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	Why do adult sites have a share button? Who watches porn and then thinks 'dave would fucking love this' ―finlaww, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	Why do porn websites have a share to social media option? As if I want Alyssa from high school to know what I've become ―jalisconegro, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Why do we even have gender deodorants, if I'm a grown ass man and I want to smell like Cocoa Butter Kisses, fuck it I will. ―BudMasterMcSwagatron, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	Why is it when a woman is a "bitch" she's angry and aggressive, but when a guy is a "bitch" he's meek and submissive? ―JakeSnowy, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	Why isn't Fuck, Marry, Kill called Bed, Wed, Behead? ―SloanethePornGal, Jul 2015
observations	spicy	Why the fuck do birds run across the street? You have fucking wings you little shit, don't make me run your bird ass over. ―[deleted], May 2016
observations	spicy	Why the fuck is it even possible to raise only one side of the Venetian blinds? Has anyone in the history of humankind EVER wanted to raise only one side of their blinds? ―Has_No_Gimmick, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	Why when we cry our noses fill up almost immediately? It is like out own body is saying, I see, you are upset, here, let me help, why don't you just stop breathing altogether you weak bastard. ―[deleted], Oct 2016
observations	spicy	With RDJ and Benedict Cumberbatch in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, there should be a scene where someone says "No shit sherlock" and both RDJ and Cumberbatch look around confused ―16jbuda, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	With all the porn I've watched in my life I wonder how many times I've watched someone get an STD ―wakir, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	Women can say "what a dick" as an insult or a compliment for men. ―popnfresh24, Jan 2015
observations	spicy	Women in porn love cumshots because it means their shift is over... ―Andrew6, Mar 2016
observations	spicy	Women live longer than men. Gay men live longer than straight men. Therefore sucking dick is the fountain of youth. ―Kidwithrocks, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	Women with breast implants are affecting evolution because men who are attracted to big boobs are actually breeding with smaller chested women. ―Mr_Potamus, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	Wouldn't it be nice if car horns had multiple honk types (gentle to get attention, a hello honk, the necessary fuck you honk, etc)? Emotihonks? ―pantsoff, Aug 2016
observations	spicy	Xbox allows 11 year old to call me fucker and talk about raping my mom, but me choosing the user name Catfish_tits is to vulgar and crossing the line. ―catfish_bosoms, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	YOLO is a better argument for playing it safe than it is for taking unecessary risks. ―shittersfull, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	Yelling "Fuck" during sex is like yelling "Hockey" while playing a game of hockey. ―Logruuf_The_Meta, Jan 2016
observations	spicy	Yesterday I really wanted spaghetti. Today I am eating spaghetti. Follow your fucking dreams. ―MakeYourMarks, Sep 2015
observations	spicy	You can post a random gif of any porn, and someone on reddit will be able to guide you to a source in HD, place to download/torrent, even all previous scenes and movies with the stars involved. What a time to be alive. ―FluffyGamer, Oct 2016
observations	spicy	You could seriously piss off your neighbours by buying a puppy and naming it the same as their child. ―chilejon, Apr 2016
observations	spicy	You don't feel old until scrolling to your year of birth takes too damn long ―Darkwyntr, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	You know shit just went down in a tv episode when they show the credits with no music ―-I-am-jack-, May 2016
observations	spicy	You know shits about to go down when the name of your next mission is the title of the game ―Andwrs, May 2016
observations	spicy	You know what the world is missing? A celebrity animal-fucking scandal. ―ask_me_if_im_naked, Aug 2013
observations	spicy	You know you're driving a shitty car when the check engine light turns off and that makes you worried. ―GayForChopin, Jun 2016
observations	spicy	You know you're fucked if your favorite band visits you while you're in a hospital ―shakingthebeef, May 2016
observations	spicy	You know you're getting old when MILF porn looks like regular women. ―Pashza, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	You know you've officially broken in a new phone when it stops trying to auto-correct "Fuck" for you. ―mleclerc182, Sep 2016
observations	spicy	You should not commit to a tattoo unless you can read your post history from a year ago and not end up asking yourself, "what the fuck was I thinking?" ―[deleted], Feb 2016
observations	spicy	YouTube should have a "Don't ever recommend shit like this to me again" button. ―Implied_Motherfucker, Nov 2014
observations	spicy	Your ass is your leg's shoulder ―chapelhillkid, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	Your penis has been deeper inside your mom than your dad's ever has ―[deleted], Jan 2015
observations	spicy	[NSFW] A good name for an anal porn star would be * because it looks like a butt hole and is pronounced like "ass tricks." ―notasiansteev, Dec 2014
observations	spicy	girls in porn are so happy after a facial because they finished working ―wardaddy_, Nov 2015
observations	spicy	it's pretty fucked up how Winnie The Pooh and Jack The Ripper have the same middle name ―fix24, Oct 2015
observations	spicy	masturbating before the internet will become my generation's "walked over 5 miles to school in the snow" ―redditninemillion, Dec 2013
observations	spicy	sex and extreme sports are actually quite similar: you come dangerously close to changing the world's population count by 1. ―scibot9000, Aug 2015
observations	spicy	thanks to baseball, i'm allowed to fuck up twice before i actually get in trouble. ―OrangeG00se, Jul 2016
observations	spicy	the correct response for any 'Explain like I'm Five' post that involves sex or reproduction should be "We'll talk about this when you're older" ―[deleted], Feb 2014
observations	spicy	there should be 'fuck off' mode on your phone, where no one can contact you and you can just use the data ―thehumbleguy, Feb 2016
observations	spicy	u/Poem_for_your_sprog and u/shittywatercolours should combine to make a childrens book of poems and then watercolours depicting the poems. ―CaptainDickfingers, Jun 2015
observations	spicy	what if condoms had temporary tattoos on the inside so like when you rolled off the condom there was a picture of a dinosaur on your dick ―DirtyD_InTheMorning, Aug 2015
tech	sfw	"...this does not mean that some of us should not want, in a rather dispassionate sort of way, to put a bullet through csh's head." Larry Wall in <1992Aug6.221512.5963@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	"And I don't like doing silly things (except on purpose)." -- Larry Wall in <1992Jul3.191825.14435@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	"Best effort" is one of those phrases that doesn't mean what it means... -- Larry Wall in <20040316024220.GB3367@wall.org>
tech	sfw	"Engelbart did not think of the computer as merely improving human thinking, but as transforming the processes of our institutions in a more profound way…" ~ Janet H. Murray, "Inventing the Medium"
tech	sfw	"Engelbart has forever changed the way we do business in America." ~ Coors American Ingenuity Award, 1991
tech	sfw	"Engelbart’s vision was [to] multiply the power of people and collaborators by creating systems that augment our intellect, humanity and creativity. His goal was to raise the human potential." ~ Samim Winiger & Roelof Pieters
tech	sfw	"Help save the world!" -- Larry Wall in README
tech	sfw	"How do you harness the collective intelligence of the world to solve urgent global problems? That’s what Doug [Engelbart] was about." ~ Adam Cheyer
tech	sfw	"Human beings face ever more complex and urgent problems, and their effectiveness in dealing with these problems is a matter that is critical to the stability and continued progress of society." ~ Doug Engelbart, 1961
tech	sfw	"I don’t know what Silicon Valley will do when it runs out of Doug [Engelbart]’s ideas." ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	"I find this a nice feature but it is not according to the documentation. Or is it a BUG?" "Let's call it an accidental feature. :-)" -- Larry Wall in <6909@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	"If ease of use was the only requirement, everybody would still be riding tricycles" ~ Doug Engelbart
tech	sfw	"In 20 or 30 years, you’ll be able to hold in your hand as much computing knowledge as exists now in the whole city, or even the whole world." ~ Doug Engelbart
tech	sfw	"It is easier to port a shell than a shell script." -- Larry Wall
tech	sfw	"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has." ~ Margaret Mead (see Source)
tech	sfw	"One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done." ~ Marie Curie
tech	sfw	"Our age of anxiety is the result of trying to do today’s jobs with yesterday’s tools" ~ Marshall McLuhan
tech	sfw	"Payoff will come when we make better use of computers to bring communities of people together and to augment the very human skills that people bring to bear on difficult problems." ~ Doug Engelbart
tech	sfw	"Perhaps the most basic challenge humanity faces is to awaken our capacity for collective knowing and conscious action so that we can respond successfully to the immense social and ecological difficulties that now confront us." ~ Duane Elgin, Author, Educator, Consultant
tech	sfw	"Technology should not aim to replace humans, rather amplify human capabilities." ~ Doug Engelbart
tech	sfw	"The astronomer's rule of thumb: if you didn't write it down, it didn't happen" ~ Clifford Stoll
tech	sfw	"The complexity of the problems facing mankind is growing faster than our ability to solve them" ~ Doug Engelbart
tech	sfw	"The digital revolution is far more significant than the invention of writing or even of printing." ~ Doug Engelbart
tech	sfw	"The great obstacle to discovering the shape of the earth, the continents and the ocean was not ignorance but the illusion of knowledge.." ~ Daniel J. Boorstin
tech	sfw	"The key thing about all the world’s big problems is that they have to be dealt with collectively. If we don’t get collectively smarter, we’re doomed." ~ Doug Engelbart, 2006
tech	sfw	"The mouse was just a tiny piece of a much larger project, aimed at augmenting human intellect." ~ Doug Engelbart, inventor of the mouse
tech	sfw	"The rate at which a person can mature is directly proportional to the embarrassment he can tolerate" ~ Doug Engelbart
tech	sfw	"The road to hell is paved with melting snowballs." -- Larry Wall in <1992Jul2.222039.26476@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	"There’s a double pressure on the evolution of every organization: how you evolve to be more capable and effective, and efficient, but also how you stay in synch with the rest of the environment." ~ Doug Engelbart
tech	sfw	"To improve our collective ability to solve the world’s problems, we must harness the immense promise and power of technology." ~ Doug Engelbart
tech	sfw	"To remain indifferent to the challenges we face is indefensible. If the goal is noble, whether or not it is realized within our lifetime is largely irrelevant. What we must do therefore is to strive and persevere and never give up." ~ Dalai Lama XIV
tech	sfw	"We all agree on the necessity of compromise. We just can't agree on when it's necessary to compromise." -- Larry Wall in <1991Nov13.194420.28091@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	"We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them." ~ Albert Einstein
tech	sfw	"We need to train people in an entirely new set of 21st Century skills, which are in fact the oldest skills: communication, collaboration, empathy, respect and how to overcome cultural boundaries." ~ Toomas Hendrick Ilves, the fourth President of Estonia
tech	sfw	"What is the sound of Perl? Is it not the sound of a wall that people have stopped banging their heads against?" -- Larry Wall in <1992Aug26.184221.29627@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	"Work he did 25 years ago is still at the cutting edge . . . and his organizational ideas are at least as profound." ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	"You can't have filenames longer than 14 chars. You can't even think about them!" -- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
tech	sfw	#define NULL 0 /* silly thing is, we don't even use this */ -- Larry Wall in perl.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	#define SIGILL 6 /* blech */ -- Larry Wall in perl.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	#else /* !STDSTDIO */ /* The big, slow, and stupid way */ -- Larry Wall in str.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	'Course, that doesn't work when 'a' contains parentheses. -- Larry Wall in <199710211647.JAA17957@wall.org>
tech	sfw	(Never thought I'd be telling Malcolm and Ilya the same thing... :-) -- Larry Wall in <199711071819.KAA29909@wall.org>
tech	sfw	(Presuming for the sake of argument that it's even *possible* to design better code in Perl than in C. :-) -- Larry Wall on core code vs. module code design
tech	sfw	(Refering to his conclusion to the Barber paradox or Russell's paradox.) Probably I am very naive, but I also think I prefer to remain so, at least for the time being and perhaps for the rest of my life. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	(To the extent that anyone but a Prolog programmer can understand \X totally. (And to the extent that a Prolog programmer can understand "cut". :-)) -- Larry Wall in <199710211624.JAA17833@wall.org>
tech	sfw	*** The previous line contains the naughty word "$&".\n if /(ibm|apple|awk)/; # :-) -- Larry Wall in the perl man page
tech	sfw	...a Lazy has to be aware of when it is out of values, and when it should call into some meta-Lazy for more iterator values. And I suppose that meta-Lazy could in turn have a meta-meta-Lazy, which could have a meta-meta-meta-Lazy, and now my brane hurts. -- Larry Wall
tech	sfw	...sometimes collections of stupid utterances can be rather clever. If my writings are ever published posthumously, they should probably be called "A Collection of Stupid Utterances", or some such... :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050303163144.GA5235@wall.org>
tech	sfw	/* And you'll never guess what the dog had */ /* in its mouth... */ -- Larry Wall in stab.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	/* This bit of chicanery makes a unary function followed by a parenthesis into a function with one argument, highest precedence. */ -- Larry Wall in toke.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	/* dbmrefcnt--; */ /* doesn't work, rats */ -- Larry Wall in hash.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	/* now make a new head in the exact same spot */ -- Larry Wall in cons.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	/* we have tried to make this normal case as abnormal as possible */ -- Larry Wall in cmd.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	: - cut in regexps I don't think we reached consensus on that. We're still backtracking... -- Larry Wall in <199710291922.LAA07101@wall.org>
tech	sfw	: 1. What is the possibility of this being added in the future? In the near future, the probability is close to zero. In the distant future, I'll be dead, and posterity can do whatever they like... :-) --lwall
tech	sfw	: And it goes against the grain of building small tools. Innocent, Your Honor. Perl users build small tools all day long. -- Larry Wall in <1992Aug26.184221.29627@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	: But for some things, Perl just isn't the optimal choice. (yet) :-) -- Larry Wall in <199702221943.LAA20388@wall.org>
tech	sfw	: I could understand principles of Perl source in 2-3 days [. . .] Gee, it took me about eleven years. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199806200201.TAA22277@wall.org>
tech	sfw	: I hope I never have to design my own language. I would be schizophrenic : before the day ends. That's backwards. You have to be schizophrenic before the day starts. -- Larry Wall in <20050419150023.GA19507@wall.org>
tech	sfw	: I'm about to learn myself perl6 (after using perl5 for some time). I'm also trying to learn perl6 after using perl5 for some time. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20040709202041.GA23451@wall.org>
tech	sfw	: I've heard that there is a shell (bourne or csh) to perl filter, does : anyone know of this or where I can get it? Yeah, you filter it through Tom Christiansen. :-) -- Larry Wall
tech	sfw	: I've tried (in vi) "g/[a-z]\n[a-z]/s//_/"...but that doesn't : cut it. Any ideas? (I take it that it may be a two-pass sort of solution). In the first pass, install perl. :-) -- Larry Wall <6849@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	: No comment, since this is still hovering (see Larry's reply). Flutter, flutter. -- Larry Wall in <20031213005325.GE7605@wall.org>
tech	sfw	: What do people think? What, do people think? :-) -- Larry Wall in <199808071736.KAA12738@wall.org>
tech	sfw	: Why Bible quotes exclusively? What happened to the Eastern religions? I'm still working on the Unicode mods. -- Larry Wall in <199807021924.MAA05380@wall.org>
tech	sfw	> (It's sorta like sed, but not. It's sorta like awk, but not. etc.) Guilty as charged. Perl is happily ugly, and happily derivative. -- Larry Wall in <1992Aug26.184221.29627@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	> This made me wonder, suddenly: can telnet be written in perl? Of course it can be written in Perl. Now if you'd said nroff, that would be more challenging... -- Larry Wall
tech	sfw	A "goto" in Perl falls into the category of hard things that should be possible, not easy things that should be easy. -- Larry Wall in <199709041935.MAA27136@wall.org>
tech	sfw	A common fallacy is to assume authors of incomprehensible code will be able to express themselves clearly in comments. - Kevlin Henney
tech	sfw	A commune is where people join together to share their lack of wealth. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	A computer shall not harm your work or, through inaction, allow your work to come to harm. ~ Jef Raskin
tech	sfw	A computer shall not waste your time or require you to do more work than is strictly necessary. ~ Jef Raskin
tech	sfw	A convincing demonstration of correctness being impossible as long as the mechanism is regarded as a black box, our only hope lies in not regarding the mechanism as a black box. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	A list is only as strong as its weakest link. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	A new release of Plan 9 happened in June, and at about the same time a new release of the Inferno system, which began here, was announced by Vita Nuova. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	A picture may be worth a thousand words, a formula is worth a thousand pictures. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	A well installed microcode bug will be almost impossible to detect. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection. It is the language of the future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation of coding bums. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	About the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt axe. It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	Accidental stacks considered harmful. -- Larry Wall in <20031213202246.GD18685@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Accusations against innocent people happen with terrible regularity, and the danger of false convictions is immense. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	After all, C++ isn't a perfect match for Java's design aims either. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	Agile: 1. an attribute of any team, no matter how dysfunctional; 2. [see SCRUM]
tech	sfw	All governments should be pressured to correct their abuses of human rights. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	All language designers are arrogant. Goes with the territory... :-) -- Larry Wall in <1991Jul13.010945.19157@netlabs.com
tech	sfw	All the companies I've worked for have this deep problem of devolving to something like the hunting and gathering cultures of 100,000 years ago. If businesses could find a way to invent 'agriculture,' we could put the world back together and all would prosper. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	Almost nothing in Perl serves a single purpose. -- Larry Wall in <199712040054.QAA13811@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Almost nothing in the design of Perl 6 is there for a single purpose. -- Larry Wall in <20050504165510.GB7407@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Also, because schools must teach the spirit of goodwill, the habit of helping others around you, every class should have this rule: students, if you bring software to class you may not keep it for yourself. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Altcoin: a slow spreadsheet [see Blockchain]
tech	sfw	Although the Perl Slogan is There's More Than One Way to Do It, I hesitate to make 10 ways to do something. :-) -- Larry Wall in <9695@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	An algorithm must be seen to be believed. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	An interface is humane if it is responsive to human needs and considerate of human frailties. ~ Jef Raskin
tech	sfw	And besides, if Perl really takes off in the Windows space, I think the rest of us would just as soon have a double-agent within ActiveState. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199807172334.QAA18255@wall.org>
tech	sfw	And don't tell me there isn't one bit of difference between null and space, because that's exactly how much difference there is. :-) -- Larry Wall in <10209@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	And in the limiting case where the optimizer is completely broken because it's not implemented yet, we get to work around that too. Optionally... -- Larry Wall in <20031217195433.GB31020@wall.org>
tech	sfw	And other operators aren't so special syntactically, but weird in other ways, like "scalar", and "goto". -- Larry Wall in <199711071749.JAA29751@wall.org>
tech	sfw	And we can always supply them with a program that makes identical files into links to a single file. -- Larry Wall in <199709292012.NAA09616@wall.org>
tech	sfw	And you can still put in all that cruft if you want to. You can even force yourself to have to do it. But to me, it feels a bit like slavery, so I'm still looking for a land flowing with milk and honey, even if there are a few giants in it. -- Larry Wall
tech	sfw	Android is a major step towards an ethical, user-controlled, free-software portable phone, but there is a long way to go. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Android is very different from the GNU/Linux operating system because it contains very little of GNU. Indeed, just about the only component in common between Android and GNU/Linux is Linux, the kernel. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Another way to look at it is that screensavers are sort of a poor man's LSD, without the bad trips. -- Larry Wall, 8th State of the Onion
tech	sfw	Any editing, software work, and mail is done in this exported Plan 9. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	Any false value is gonna be fairly boring in Perl, mathematicians notwithstanding. -- Larry Wall in <199707300650.XAA05515@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. ~ Martin Fowler
tech	sfw	Anybody want a binary telemetry frame editor written in Perl? -- Larry Wall in <199708012226.PAA22015@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Anything is *possible* in PUGS. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050420205201.GD3971@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Anything that prevents you from being friendly, a good neighbour, is a terror tactic. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Anytime you want to hear about graph partitioning, I will be glad to tell you what I know about graph partitioning. It remains a standard problem. I think it's an interesting problem, because it shows up in a variety of guises in real life. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	Anyway, my money is still on use strict vars . . . -- Larry Wall in <199710011704.KAA21395@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Anyway, please don't anyone take offense at my free associations. Even if they're true. -- Larry Wall, 8th State of the Onion
tech	sfw	Anyway, there's plenty of room for doubt. It might seem easy enough, but computer language design is just like a stroll in the park. Jurassic Park, that is. -- Larry Wall in <1994Jun15.074039.2654@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	Appearances to the contrary notwithstanding, I'm not trying to break Perl 5 constructs just for the heck of it. -- Larry Wall in <20041206220054.GA10212@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Are you going to bother to set up an unspoofable identity for every shirt in your closet? -- Larry Wall, 8th State of the Onion
tech	sfw	Are you perchance running on a 64-bit machine? -- Larry Wall in <199711102149.NAA16878@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Around 1967 Dan Bobrow wrote a program to do algebra problems based on symbols rather than numbers. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	As a result of a long sequence of coincidences I entered the programming profession officially on the first spring morning of 1952, and as far as I have been able to trace, I was the first Dutchman to do so in my country. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	As far as Apple goes, it was a different company every few years from the time I joined in 1984. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	As far as the customer is concerned, the interface is the product. ~ Jef Raskin
tech	sfw	As long as "we" includes "you", that's fine by "me". :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050330171201.GA22184@wall.org>
tech	sfw	As pointed out in a followup, Real Perl Programmers prefer things to be visually distinct. -- Larry Wall in <199710161841.LAA13208@wall.org>
tech	sfw	As someone pointed out, you could have an attribute that says "optimize the heck out of this routine", and your definition of heck would be a parameter to the optimizer. -- Larry Wall in <199709081854.LAA20830@wall.org>
tech	sfw	As usual, I'm overstating the case to knock a few neurons loose, but the truth is usually somewhere in the muddle, uh, middle. -- Larry Wall in <199702111639.IAA28425@wall.org>
tech	sfw	As with all the other proposals, it's basically just a list of words. You can deal with that... :-) -- Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
tech	sfw	At least for the people who send me mail about a new language that they're designing, the general advice is: do it to learn about how to write a compiler. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	At many levels, Perl is a "diagonal" language. -- Larry Wall in <199709021854.LAA12794@wall.org>
tech	sfw	At the same time, much of it seems to have to do with recreating things we or others had already done; it seems rather derivative intellectually; is there a dearth of really new ideas? ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	Backtracking is a wonderful concept till you have to do it. -- Larry Wall in <20040624192459.GE24759@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships. - Linus Torvalds
tech	sfw	Bare S-expressions won't work in standard Perl, of course, unless you make "(foo" parse like some kind of reserved word for a known set of "foo". I'm sure if you did that someone would consider it perverse. -- Larry Wall in <20050221193216.GE409@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Be consistent. -- Larry Wall in the perl man page
tech	sfw	Beauty? What's that? -- Larry Wall in <199710221937.MAA25131@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Because . doesn't match \n. [\0-\377] is the most efficient way to match everything currently. Maybe \e should match everything. And \E would of course match nothing. :-) -- Larry Wall in <9847@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	Because I don't believe that it's really desirable to have security on a computer, I shouldn't be willing to help uphold the security regime. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Because people don't understand what computing is about, they think they have it in the iPhone, and that illusion is as bad as the illusion that 'Guitar Hero' is the same as a real guitar. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	Bell Labs was an astonishing place for many decades, though it fell on somewhat hard times during the telecom meltdown some years ago, as its corporate owner had to cope with shrinking markets. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	Besides a mathematical inclination, an exceptionally good mastery of one's native tongue is the most vital asset of a competent programmer. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	Besides, REAL computers have a rename() system call. :-) -- Larry Wall in <7937@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	Besides, including <std_ice_cubes.h> is a fatal error on machines that don't have it yet. Bad language design, there... :-) -- Larry Wall in <1991Aug22.220929.6857@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	Besides, it's good to force C programmers to use the toolbox occasionally. :-) -- Larry Wall in <1991May31.181659.28817@jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov>
tech	sfw	Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	Big data: spreadsheets that won’t fit in excel
tech	sfw	Biologist: What's worse than being chased by a Velociraptor? Physicist: Obviously, being chased by an Acceloraptor. -- Larry Wall in A12
tech	sfw	Birds naturally prefer early binding to late binding; worms will naturally disagree. Rolling stones gather no type constraints. -- Larry Wall in <20050330195322.GB22184@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Blockchain: [marketing slang] slow linked list
tech	sfw	British book publishers plan to put a microchip into every book to record who owns it - an unprecedented surveillance measure. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Business logic: whatever actions the software is intended to perform (as opposed to the much greater number of actions forced by poor design decisions)
tech	sfw	But I know what's important to me, and what isn't. And I think I know what people can get used to, and what they can even learn to like. (It just takes some people longer than others. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199809230518.WAA19312@wall.org>
tech	sfw	But I'm sure some will argue that's too subtle. (Hi, @Larry<Damian>.) -- Larry Wall in <20050423013102.GA21941@wall.org>
tech	sfw	But at some point you just give up and call it cheating, er, I mean, AOP. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050307173849.GA16558@wall.org>
tech	sfw	But let me put this on the record: I specifically disrecommend use of grammar tweaks that will incite lynch mobs. You have been warned. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20040709193138.GA21997@wall.org>
tech	sfw	But maybe we could try to set some slushiness milestones on the road to hell freezing over... -- Larry Wall in <20050314165932.GA12577@wall.org>
tech	sfw	But the possibility of abuse may be a good reason for leaving capabilities out of other computer languages, it's not a good reason for leaving capabilities out of Perl. -- Larry Wall in <199709251614.JAA15718@wall.org>
tech	sfw	But we can both blame it all on Henry. -- Larry Wall on perl's regex engine
tech	sfw	But you have to allow a little for the desire to evangelize when you think you have good news. -- Larry Wall in <1992Aug26.184221.29627@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	By the way, I hope you all know about the worldwide boycott of Coca Cola company for things like murdering union organizers in Colombia. See the site killercoke.org. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	By the way, it was his simulations that helped out in Jurassic Park - without them, there would have been only a few dinosaurs. Based on his techniques, Industrial Light and Magic could make whole herds of dinosaurs race across the screen. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	C is peculiar in a lot of ways, but it, like many other successful things, has a certain unity of approach that stems from development in a small group. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	C was already implemented on several quite different machines and OSs, Unix was already being distributed on the PDP-11, but the portability of the whole system was new. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	C++ and Java, say, are presumably growing faster than plain C, but I bet C will still be around. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	CD stores have the disadvantage of an expensive inventory, but digital bookshops would need no such thing: they could write copies at the time of sale on to memory sticks, and sell you one if you forgot your own. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	CGI: 1. a shell script that prints HTML; 2. pixels
tech	sfw	Call me bored, but don't call me boring. -- Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Certainly not every good program is object-oriented, and not every object-oriented program is good. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	Chip Salzenberg sent me a complete patch to add System V IPC (msg, sem and shm calls), so I added them. If that bothers you, you can always undefine them in config.sh. :-) -- Larry Wall in <9384@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	Clear conceptual splits often hide false dichotomies. -- Larry Wall in <20050330195322.GB22184@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Clearly, I reject the view that there is one way that is right for everyone and for every problem. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	Cloud computing: the pyramid-selling of cycles
tech	sfw	Cloud, the: a computer you rented from Amazon or Microsoft
tech	sfw	Comprehensiveness is the enemy of comprehensibility ~ Martin Fowler
tech	sfw	Computer science inverts the normal. In normal science, you're given a world, and your job is to find out the rules. In computer science, you give the computer the rules, and it creates the world. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	Computers force us into creating with our minds and prevent us from making things with our hands. They dull the skills we use in everyday life. ~ Clifford Stoll
tech	sfw	Computers in classrooms are the filmstrips of the 1990s. ~ Clifford Stoll
tech	sfw	Container: slow chroot jail
tech	sfw	Containerization: a packaging method wherein a script is packaged with an entire linux distribution [see Electron]
tech	sfw	Context is worth 80 IQ points. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	Control over the use of one's ideas really constitutes control over other people's lives; and it is usually used to make their lives more difficult. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Copying all or parts of a program is as natural to a programmer as breathing, and as productive. It ought to be as free. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Creativity can be a social contribution, but only in so far as society is free to use the results. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Crypto: 1. (obs.) cryptography; 2. an altcoin
tech	sfw	Data is not information, information is not knowledge, knowledge is not understanding, understanding is not wisdom. ~ Clifford Stoll
tech	sfw	Data mining: using grep on your http logs
tech	sfw	Data science: using grep on your http logs with a minor in statistics
tech	sfw	Data: spreadsheets
tech	sfw	Debugging is like being the detective in a crime movie where you are also the murderer. - Filipe Fortes
tech	sfw	Deep learning: brute force statistical modeling, performed by non-staticians, using third party code on rented computers [see Cloud, Cloud computing, Data]
tech	sfw	Defining OO as based on the use of class hierarchies and virtual functions is also practical in that it provides some guidance as to where OO is likely to be successful. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	Disrupt: to undercut the competition by mislabeling employees as independent contractors & paying them less than minimum wage
tech	sfw	Does the same as the system call of that name. If you don't know what it does, don't worry about it. -- Larry Wall in the perl man page regarding chroot(2)
tech	sfw	Doing linear scans over an associative array is like trying to club someone to death with a loaded Uzi. -- Larry Wall
tech	sfw	Double *sigh*. _04 is going onto thousands of CDs even as we speak, so to speak. -- Larry Wall in <199710221718.KAA24299@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Down that path lies madness. On the other hand, the road to hell is paved with melting snowballs. -- Larry Wall in <1992Jul2.222039.26476@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	Dude, nowadays we're trying to make Perl 6 more Unicode aware, not less; /usr/share/dict/words is so, like, monocultural, and stuff. -- Larry Wall in <20050420194147.GH766@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Dynamic typing is not necessarily good. You get static errors at run time, which you really should be able to catch at compile time. ~ Rob Pike
tech	sfw	Elastic: using more rented server resources than planned
tech	sfw	Electron: a packaging method wherein a static copy of a website’s cache is packaged with a complete duplicate copy of the user’s web browser
tech	sfw	Elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a quality that decides between success and failure. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	Engineer time: the duration of the period during which a developer browses stack overflow instead of browsing reddit
tech	sfw	Enterprise ready: once reached the front page of HN
tech	sfw	Enterprise-grade: slow and broken
tech	sfw	Enterprise: any business large enough to have two help desks that don’t know about each other’s existence
tech	sfw	Er, Tom, I hate to be the one to point this out, but your fix list is starting to resemble a feature list. You must be human or something. -- Larry Wall in <199801081824.KAA29602@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Ethereum: a mechanism for making normally-free voluntary distributed computing schemes cost money
tech	sfw	Even if you aren't in doubt, consider the mental welfare of the person who has to maintain the code after you, and who will probably put parens in the wrong place. -- Larry Wall in the perl man page
tech	sfw	Even the White House has a press agent. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199804150048.RAA08083@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Even though most people won't be directly involved with programming, everyone is affected by computers, so an educated person should have a good understanding of how computer hardware, software, and networks operate. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	Every day it gets a little harder to distinguish my senility from my insanity... -- Larry Wall in <20050507200008.GC27695@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Every language teaches you something, so learning a language is never wasted, especially if it's different in more than just syntactic trivia. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	Everyday life is like programming, I guess. If you love something you can put beauty into it. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	Execute! (I hope that's the right word...) -- Larry Wall in <20040302065954.GA12495@wall.org>
tech	sfw	FORTRAN's tragic fate has been its wide acceptance, mentally chaining thousands and thousands of programmers to our past mistakes. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	FORTRAN, 'the infantile disorder', by now nearly 20 years old, is hopelessly inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today: it is now too clumsy, too risky, and too expensive to use. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	Facebook collects a lot of data from people and admits it. And it also collects data which isn't admitted. And Google does too. As for Microsoft, I don't know. But I do know that Windows has features that send data about the user. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Facebook is not your friend, it is a surveillance engine. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Fighting patents one by one will never eliminate the danger of software patents, any more than swatting mosquitoes will eliminate malaria. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	First, I'd like to see the basic tools such as compilers, debuggers, profilers, database interfaces, GUI builders, CAD tools, and so forth fully support the ISO standard. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	For better or worse, the people who become leaders and decision makers in politics, law and business are going to come from schools like Princeton. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	For infrastructure technology, C will be hard to displace. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	For the sake of argument I'll ignore all your fighting words. -- Larry Wall in <199710221710.KAA24242@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Free software is software that respects your freedom and the social solidarity of your community. So it's free as in freedom. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Free software' is a matter of liberty, not price. To understand the concept, you should think of 'free' as in 'free speech,' not as in 'free beer'. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Full-stack developer: a software engineer who falsely believes that the web browser is the entire computer
tech	sfw	GNU, which stands for Gnu's Not Unix, is the name for the complete Unix-compatible software system which I am writing so that I can give it away free to everyone who can use it. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Geeks like to think that they can ignore politics, you can leave politics alone, but politics won't leave you alone. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Give someone a program, you frustrate them for a day; teach them how to program, you frustrate them for a lifetime. - David Leinweber
tech	sfw	Giving the Linus Torvalds Award to the Free Software Foundation is a bit like giving the Han Solo Award to the Rebel Alliance. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Globalizing a bad thing makes it worse. But globalizing a good thing is usually good. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Go is an attempt to combine the safety and performance of statically typed languages with the convenience and fun of dynamically typed interpretative languages. ~ Rob Pike
tech	sfw	God is a challenge because there is no proof of his existence and therefore the search must continue. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	Grant, if we edited Fortran, I assume that you'd put a column thing in there. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	Having an intelligent secretary does not get rid of the need to read, write, and draw, etc. In a well functioning world, tools and agents are complementary. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	Hey, I had to let awk be better at *something*... :-) -- Larry Wall in <1991Nov7.200504.25280@netlabs.com>1
tech	sfw	Hey, if pi == 3, and three == 0, does that make pi == 0? :-) -- Larry Wall in <199711011926.LAA25557@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Historically Tcl has always stored all intermediate results as strings. (With 8.0 they're rethinking that. Of course, Perl rethought that from the start.) -- Larry Wall in <199710071721.KAA19014@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Hmm, doubtful. The source code generally wasn't there when I needed it. -- Larry Wall when asked if he learned Perl from the perl source
tech	sfw	Hmm, where there's a way, there's a will, I guess. -- Larry Wall in <20050413040733.GA5986@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Hmm. What would it mean to goto a class? -- Larry Wall in <20050420185445.GC766@wall.org>
tech	sfw	How do Crays and Alphas handle the POSIX problem? -- Larry Wall in <199709050042.RAA29379@wall.org>
tech	sfw	How do we convince people that in programming simplicity and clarity ~in short: what mathematicians call "elegance" ~ are not a dispensable luxury, but a crucial matter that decides between success and failure? ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	How long before someone writes $x.ugly('Python'), I wonder... -- Larry Wall in <20050217181027.GD26246@wall.org>
tech	sfw	However, when Java is promoted as the sole programming language, its flaws and limitations become serious. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	I already have too much problem with people thinking the efficiency of a perl construct is related to its length. On the other hand, I'm perfectly capable of changing my mind next week... :-) --lwall
tech	sfw	I also have an idea for a book on biodiversity, and why and how we should be conserving it. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	I am a programmer. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	I am a very bottom-up thinker. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	I believed in realism, as summarized by John McCarthy's comment to the effect that if we worked really hard, we'd have an intelligent system in from four to four hundred years. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	I can't recall any difficulty in making the C language definition completely open - any discussion on the matter tended to mention languages whose inventors tried to keep tight control, and consequent ill fate. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	I consider that the golden rule requires that if I like a program I must share it with other people who like it. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	I could have made money this way, and perhaps amused myself writing code. But I knew that at the end of my career, I would look back on years of building walls to divide people, and feel I had spent my life making the world a worse place. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	I currently use Ubuntu Linux, on a standalone laptop - it has no Internet connection. I occasionally carry flash memory drives between this machine and the Macs that I use for network surfing and graphics; but I trust my family jewels only to Linux. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	I decry the current tendency to seek patents on algorithms. There are better ways to earn a living than to prevent other people from making use of one's contributions to computer science. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	I did write some code in Java once, but that was the island in Indonesia. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	I don't believe I've ever cuddled my elses. -- Larry Wall in <199806221550.IAA07171@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I don't have ADHD. I tend to perseverate and not get distracted when I should get distracted . . . My good friend Tom Christiansen, who does have ADHD, once said jokingly that I have "task-switching deficit" disorder. -- Larry Wall, 8th State of the Onion
tech	sfw	I don't know if it's what you want, but it's what you get. :-) -- Larry Wall in <10502@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	I don't like this official/unofficial distinction. It sound, er, officious. -- Larry Wall in <199702221943.LAA20388@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I don't think it's worth washing hogs over. -- Larry Wall in <199710060253.TAA09723@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I dunno, I dream in Perl sometimes... -- Larry Wall in <8538@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	I dunno. Perhaps you should be happy that I have a policy of refraining from grumbling about handicapped operating systems. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199808291719.KAA12244@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I figure that since proprietary software developers use copyright to stop us from sharing, we cooperators can use copyright to give other cooperators an advantage of their own: they can use our code. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	I find languages that support just one programming paradigm constraining. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	I fix things now and then, more often tweak HTML and make scripts to do things. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	I found it tremendously humiliating to be there because most of the kids there were brain dead or psychotic. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	I founded the free software movement, a movement for freedom to cooperate. Open source was a reaction against our idealism. We are still here and the open-source people have not wiped us out. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	I had spent the summer of 1966 working at MIT in the group that was the MIT component of the Multics effort. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	I had the fortune or misfortune to learn how to read fluently starting at the age of three. So I had read maybe 150 books by the time I hit 1st grade. And I already knew that the teachers were lying to me. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	I have no opinion on its suitability for any particular task. I'm just the language designer--my job is to shoot you in the foot and make you think you did it to yourself. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050309170804.GA22973@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I have not seen anyone assume that all the citizens of New York are guilty of murder, violence, robbery, perjury, or writing proprietary software. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	I have to keep up with the scientific literature as part of my job, but increasingly I found myself reading things that weren't really relevant to my academic work, but were relevant to gardening. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	I heard that the same thing occurred in a scene in Alien, where the creature pops out of the chest of a crewman. The other actors didn't know what was to happen; the director wanted to get true surprise. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	I hope I'm not getting so famous that I can't think out load [sic] anymore. -- Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I knew I'd hate COBOL the moment I saw they'd used "perform" instead of "do". -- Larry Wall on a not-so-popular programming language
tech	sfw	I know it's weird, but it does make it easier to write poetry in perl. :-) -- Larry Wall in <7865@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	I mean, if 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick and dirty, you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your shoulders and say to yourself "Dijkstra would not have liked this", well, that would be enough immortality for me. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	I might be able to shoehorn a reference count in on top of the numeric value by disallowing multiple references on scalars with a numeric value, but it wouldn't be as clean. I do occasionally worry about that. --lwall
tech	sfw	I never imagined that the Free Software Movement would spawn a watered-down alternative, the Open Source Movement, which would become so well-known that people would ask me questions about 'open source' thinking that I work under that banner. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	I note that the Python folks still think they like JPython. I wonder how long that will last? -- Larry Wall in <199808050009.RAA22631@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I partly agree with the underlying message that people should take charge and solve problems, rather than just cast blame on others. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	I really enjoyed Princeton as a graduate student. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	I recommend not remaking my mistakes. Please make different mistakes. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20040317192052.GA10645@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I seem to get totally wrapped up in teaching and working with students during the school year. During the summer, I try to spend time in the real world, writing code for therapy and perhaps for some useful purpose. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	I still have a full-time day job, which is why it took me five years to write An Ear to the Ground, and why I won't have another book finished by next week. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	I suppose many people will continue moving towards careless computing, because there's a sucker born every minute. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	I suppose one could claim that an undocumented feature has no semantics. :-( -- Larry Wall in <199710290036.QAA01818@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I suppose that :byte could also take an argument to force a particular old-style (single-byte) locale, if we choose to support them, and are willing to take the consequences of Jarkko going postal. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20040712184548.GA19937@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I suppose you could switch grammars once you've seen "use strict subs". :-) -- Larry Wall in <199804140117.SAA02006@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I surely do hope that's a syntax error. -- Larry Wall in <199710011752.KAA21624@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I think $[ is more like a coelacanth than a mastadon. -- Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I think I'm happier with that. $rubyometer += 0.3 or so. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20031219184224.GA19865@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I think Lenat is headed in the right direction, but someone needs to include a knowledge base about learning. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	I think a p6explain would be a rather popular program. -- Larry Wall in <20050505050259.GA25468@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I think it's a new feature. Don't tell anyone it was an accident. :-) -- Larry Wall on s/foo/bar/eieio in <10911@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	I think of the company advertising "Thought Processors" or the college pretending that learning BASIC suffices or at least helps, whereas the teaching of BASIC should be rated as a criminal offence: it mutilates the mind beyond recovery. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	I think so--a pair can always pretend to be a very small hash. -- Larry Wall in <20050221175223.GA409@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I think that's easier to read. Pardon me. Less difficult to read. -- Larry Wall in <199710120226.TAA06867@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I think the major good idea in Unix was its clean and simple interface: open, close, read, and write. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	I think you didn't get a reply because you used the terms "correct" and "proper", neither of which has much meaning in Perl culture. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199706251602.JAA01786@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I try not to confuse roles and traits in my own life. Being the Perl god is a role. Being a stubborn cuss is a trait. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20031215021442.GA4012@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I view the JVM as just another architecture that Perl ought to be ported to. (That, and the Underwood typewriter...) -- Larry Wall in <199808050415.VAA24026@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I want students to understand specific technologies, but the real goal is that they should be able to reason about how systems work and be intelligently skeptical about technology so that, when they're running the world in a few years, they'll do a good job. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	I want to see people using Perl to glue things together creatively, not just technically but also socially. -- Larry Wall in <199702111730.JAA28598@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I wanted to avoid, special IO for terminals. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	I wanted to have virtual memory, at least as it's coupled with file systems. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	I wanted to separate data from programs, because data and instructions are very different. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	I was about to say, "Avoid fame like the plague," but you know, they can cure the plague with penicillin these days. -- Larry Wall in <199709242015.NAA10312@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I was trying not to mention backtracking. Which, of course, means that yours is "righter" than mine, in a theoretical sense. -- Larry Wall in <199710211624.JAA17833@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I wasn't recommending that we make the links for them, only provide them with the tools to do so if they want to take the gamble (or the gambol). -- Larry Wall in <199709292259.PAA10407@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I won't mention any names, because I don't want to get sun4's into trouble... :-) -- Larry Wall in <11333@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	I would encourage nonproprietary standards for tools and libraries. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	I would estimate that the number of programs it breaks in the world will be less than 10. As long as one of those 10 isn't CGI.pm, we're probably okay. -- Larry Wall in <199804161805.LAA18882@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I wouldn't ever write the full sentence myself, but then, I never use goto either. -- Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I'd make people say 'use Fork;' if I thought I could get away with it. -- Larry Wall in <199806232054.NAA01735@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I'd put my money where my mouth is, but my mouth keeps moving. -- Larry Wall in <199704051723.JAA28035@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I'll say it again for the logic impaired. -- Larry Wall
tech	sfw	I'm afraid my gut level reaction is basically, "'proceed' is cute, but cute doesn't cut it in the emergency room." -- Larry Wall in <199710281816.KAA29614@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I'm always happy when I'm protesting. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	I'm just an observer of Java, and where Microsoft wants to go with C# is too early to tell. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	I'm not a person who particularly had heros when growing up. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	I'm not consistent about consistency, you see, except when I am... And I try to believe six foolish consistencies before breakfast each day. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050307164019.GA14585@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I'm obsessively detail-oriented. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	I'm reminded of the day my daughter came in, looked over my shoulder at some Perl 4 code, and said, "What is that, swearing?" -- Larry Wall in <199806181642.JAA10629@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I'm serious about thinking through all the possibilities before we settle on anything. All things have the advantages of their disadvantages, and vice versa. -- Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I'm sure a mathematician would claim that 0 and 1 are both very interesting numbers. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199707300650.XAA05515@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I'm sure that that could be indented more readably, but I'm scared of the awk parser. -- Larry Wall in <6849@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	I'm the last survivor of a dead culture. And I don't really belong in the world anymore. And in some ways I feel I ought to be dead. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	I'm trying to change the way people approach knowledge and information in general. I think that to try to own knowledge, to try to control whether people are allowed to use it, or to try to stop other people from sharing it, is sabotage. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	I've always maintained a cordial dislike for indent, because it's usually right. -- Larry Wall in <199806221558.IAA07251@wall.org>
tech	sfw	I've been a Fellow in a number of companies: Xerox, Apple, Disney, HP. There are certain similarities because all the Fellows programs were derived from IBM's, which itself was derived from the MIT 'Institute Professor' program. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	I've done a reasonable amount of travelling, which I enjoyed, but not for too long at a time. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	I've never been a good estimator of how long things are going to take. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	ICO: (orig. Initial Coin Offering) a tupperware party for men with frosted tips
tech	sfw	IPO: the transfer of a failing business’s debt from venture capitalists to employees and other rubes
tech	sfw	Idiots can be defeated but they never admit it. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	If I allowed "next $label" then I'd also have to allow "goto $label", and I don't think you really want that... :-) -- Larry Wall in <1991Mar11.230002.27271@jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov>
tech	sfw	If I don't document something, it's usually either for a good reason, or a bad reason. In this case it's a good reason. :-) -- Larry Wall in <1992Jan17.005405.16806@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	If I thought that I could design a language that will never disappoint anyone, I'd be a lot stupider than I already think I am, I think. -- Larry Wall in <20050328202308.GA21733@wall.org>
tech	sfw	If carpenters made buildings the way programmers make programs, the first woodpecker to come along would destroy all of civilization. - Gerald Weinberg
tech	sfw	If ebooks mean that readers' freedom must either increase or decrease, we must demand the increase. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	If in my lifetime the problem of non-free software is solved, I could perhaps relax and write software again. But I might instead try to help deal with the world's larger problems. Standing up to an evil system is exhilarating, and now I have a taste for it. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	If programmers deserve to be rewarded for creating innovative programs, by the same token they deserve to be punished if they restrict the use of these programs. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	If someone stinks, view it as a reason to help them, not a reason to avoid them. -- Larry Wall in <199702111730.JAA28598@wall.org>
tech	sfw	If there is a Like button in a page, Facebook knows who visited that page. And it can get IP address of the computer visiting the page even if the person is not a Facebook user. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	If this were Ada, I suppose we'd just constant fold 1/0 into die "Illegal division by zero" -- Larry Wall in <199711100226.SAA12549@wall.org>
tech	sfw	If this were Ada, we'd simply doc it as "erroneous". -- Larry Wall in <199809111734.KAA28296@wall.org>
tech	sfw	If you consistently take an antagonistic approach, however, people are going to start thinking you're from New York. :-) -- Larry Wall to Dan Bernstein in <10187@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	If you don't fail at least 90 percent of the time, you're not aiming high enough. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	If you don't have an E-mail address, you're in the Netherworld. If you don't have your own World Wide Web page, you're a nobody. ~ Clifford Stoll
tech	sfw	If you don't understand viruses, phishing, and similar threats, you become more susceptible to them. If you don't know how social networks leak information that you thought was private, you're likely to reveal much more than you realize. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	If you focus your mind on the freedom and community that you can build by staying firm, you will find the strength to do it. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	If you optimize everything, you will always be unhappy. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	If you remove stricture from a large Perl program currently, you're just installing delayed bugs, whereas with this feature, you're installing an instant bug that's easily fixed. Whoopee. -- Larry Wall in <199710050130.SAA04762@wall.org>
tech	sfw	If you use a proprietary program or somebody else's web server, you're defenceless. You're putty in the hands of whoever developed that software. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	If you want more effective programmers, you will discover that they should not waste their time debugging, they should not introduce the bugs to start with. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	If you want to accomplish something in the world, idealism is not enough - you need to choose a method that works to achieve the goal. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	If you want to go somewhere, goto is the best way to get there. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	If you want to program in C, program in C. It's a nice language. I use it occasionally... :-) -- Larry Wall in <7577@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	If you want to see useful Perl examples, we can certainly arrange to have comp.lang.misc flooded with them, but I don't think that would help the advance of civilization. :-) -- Larry Wall in <1992Mar5.180926.19041@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	If you want your program to be readable, consider supplying the argument. -- Larry Wall in the perl man page
tech	sfw	If you write something wrong enough, I'll be glad to make up a new witticism just for you. -- Larry Wall in <199702221943.LAA20388@wall.org>
tech	sfw	If you're going to define a shortcut, then make it the base [sic] darn shortcut you can. -- Larry Wall in <199709241628.JAA08908@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining. ~ Jef Raskin
tech	sfw	In Clintonese, that would be "You are free to infer that I was saying that." :-) -- Larry Wall in <199809222305.QAA17574@wall.org>
tech	sfw	In any event (no pun intended), I've always wondered how it is you can "kill" a process with a SIGCONT. As long as we're fixing everything else, maybe we can fix Unix too. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050420171135.GD29671@wall.org>
tech	sfw	In any event, the real geeks will probably just have the screen tattooed on their chest. Or their stomachs. Teletubbies "R" us. -- Larry Wall, 8th State of the Onion
tech	sfw	In college, before video games, we would amuse ourselves by posing programming exercises. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	In essence, Chrome OS is the GNU/Linux operating system. However, it is delivered without the usual applications, and rigged up to impede and discourage installing applications. I'd say the problem is in the nature of the job ChromeOS is designed to do. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	In essence, Chrome OS is the GNU/Linux operating system. However, it is delivered without the usual applications, and rigged up to impede and discourage installing applications. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	In fact what I would like to see is thousands of computer scientists let loose to do whatever they want. That's what really advances the field. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	In fact, we started off with two or three different shells and the shell had life of its own. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	In general we are least aware of what our minds do best. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	In general, if you think something isn't in Perl, try it out, because it usually is. :-) -- Larry Wall in <1991Jul31.174523.9447@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	In general, they do what you want, unless you want consistency. -- Larry Wall in the perl man page
tech	sfw	In practice, the copyright system does a bad job of supporting authors, aside from the most popular ones. Other authors' principal interest is to be better known, so sharing their work benefits them as well as readers. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	In terms of effect on the world, it's very good that I've lived. And so I guess, if I could go back in time and prevent my birth, I wouldn't do it. But I sure wish I hadn't had so much pain. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	In the commercial world, you have this problem that the amount of research you can do in a company is based on how well your current business is going, whereas there actually should be an inverse relationship: when things are going worse, you should do more research. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	In the free/libre software movement, we develop software that respects users' freedom, so we and you can escape from software that doesn't. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	In the good old days physicists repeated each other's experiments, just to be sure. Today they stick to FORTRAN, so that they can share each other's programs, bugs included. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	In the old days, you would chastise people for reinventing the wheel. Now we beg, 'Oh, please, please reinvent the wheel.' ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	Interestingly enough, since subroutine declarations can come anywhere, you wouldn't have to put BEGIN {} at the beginning, nor END {} at the end. Interesting, no? I wonder if Henry would like it. :-) --lwall
tech	sfw	Internet of things: [formerly: ubiquitous computing, ambient computing, environmental computing, internet of everything, the networked home, home automation, everyware, smart home, smart building, intelligent building, intelligent architecture] putting linux on your toaster
tech	sfw	Is that enough muddy thinking for one morning? -- Larry Wall in <20050419155213.GC19507@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It doesn't take special talents to reproduce--even plants can do it. On the other hand, contributing to a program like Emacs takes real skill. That is really something to be proud of. It helps more people, too. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	It is easy to study the rules of overloading and of templates without noticing that together they are one of the keys to elegant and efficient type-safe containers. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	It is my job in life to travel all roads, so that some may take the road less travelled, and others the road more travelled, and all have a pleasant day. -- Larry Wall in <199709241628.JAA08908@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It is my persistent belief (and fond hope) that theory and practice don't always have to pull in opposite directions. -- Larry Wall in <20050216183411.GA24492@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It is not the task of the University to offer what society asks for, but to give what society needs. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	It is only the inadequacy of the criminal code that saves the hackers from very serious prosecution. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that have had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	It is time to unmask the computing community as a Secret Society for the Creation and Preservation of Artificial Complexity. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	It is, of course, written in Perl. Translation to C is left as an exercise for the reader. :-) -- Larry Wall in <7448@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	It may be possible to get this condition from within Perl if a signal handler runs at just the wrong moment. Another point for Chip... :-) -- Larry Wall in <199710161546.IAA07885@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It might do what you mean. Personally, I would never mean that if I could help it. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050421225012.GA12790@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It seems like a sane thing to me, but that's a rather low standard. -- Larry Wall in <20050419150023.GA19507@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It should be illegal to yell "Y2K" in a crowded economy. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199811242326.PAA28495@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It won't be covered in the book. The source code has to be useful for something, after all... :-) -- Larry Wall in <10160@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	It would be possible to optimize some forms of goto, but I haven't bothered. -- Larry Wall in <199709041935.MAA27136@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It'd be really nice to find a way to explain continuations to people without inflicting the typical torturous explanations on people who aren't interested in brain pretzels. -- Larry Wall
tech	sfw	It's all magic. :-) -- Larry Wall in <7282@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	It's always good to take an orthogonal view of something. It develops ideas. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	It's appositival, if it's there. And it doesn't have to be there. And it's really obvious that it's there when it's there. -- Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It's certainly easy to calculate the average attendance for Perl conferences. -- Larry Wall in <199710071721.KAA19014@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It's clear that other problems such as [...] the domination of business over government, science, thought, and society, are much bigger than non-free software. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	It's documented in The Book, somewhere... -- Larry Wall in <10502@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	It's easy to solve the halting problem with a shotgun. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199801151836.KAA14656@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It's getting harder and harder to think out loud. One of these days someone's gonna go off and kill Thomas a'Becket for me... -- Larry Wall in <199709242015.NAA10312@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It's hard to change information in books, but if we have everything online, then a somewhat untrustworthy group of people controlling the thing - which I think is what we have - gives us '1984.' ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	It's hard to tune heavily tuned code. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199801141725.JAA07555@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It's important to be informed about issues like usability, reliability, security, privacy, and some of the inherent limitations of computers. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	It's kinda funny to watch the Parrot folks reinventing a similar scheme. (Er, no pun intended. Really!) -- Larry Wall in <20041204193310.GC16358@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It's not designed to make people happy who want to confuse those issues. We have macros for that. -- Larry Wall in <20050419155213.GC19507@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It's not really a rule--it's more like a trend. -- Larry Wall in <199710221721.KAA24321@wall.org>
tech	sfw	It's the Magic that counts. -- Larry Wall on Perl's apparent ugliness
tech	sfw	It's there as a sop to former Ada programmers. :-) -- Larry Wall regarding 10_000_000 in <11556@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	It's, uh, pseudo code. Yeah, that's the ticket... [...] And "unicode" is pseudo code for $encoding. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199808071717.KAA12628@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Just don't anyone suggest that we indicate what's modified *syntactically* by placing the adverb directly under it... Yow. Two-dimensional programs. Reminds me of BF... Maybe we should just pass this suggestion on to Guido... :-) -- Larry Wall in <20040714181005.GB23830@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Just don't compare it with a real language, or you'll be unhappy... :-) -- Larry Wall in <1992May12.190238.5667@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	Just don't create a file called -rf. :-) -- Larry Wall in <11393@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	Just don't make the '9' format pack/unpack numbers... :-) -- Larry Wall in <199710091434.HAA00838@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Just put in another goto, and then it'll be readable. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199804161810.LAA18902@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Kubrick's vision seemed to be that humans are doomed, whereas Clarke's is that humans are moving on to a better stage of evolution. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	Laws that oppress people have no moral authority ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Let us be charitable, and call it a misleading feature :-) -- Larry Wall in <2609@jato.Jpl.Nasa.Gov>
tech	sfw	Let us change our traditional attitude to the construction of programs. Instead of imagining that our main task is to instruct a computer what to do, let us concentrate rather on explaining to human beings what we want a computer to do. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	Let's say the docs present a simplified view of reality... :-) -- Larry Wall in <6940@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	Life gets boring, someone invents another necessity, and once again we turn the crank on the screwjack of progress hoping that nobody gets screwed. -- Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Lispers are among the best grads of the Sweep-It-Under-Someone-Else's-Carpet School of Simulated Simplicity. [Was that sufficiently incendiary? :-)] -- Larry Wall in <1992Jan10.201804.11926@netlabs.com
tech	sfw	Magically turning people's old scalar contexts into list contexts is a recipe for several kinds of disaster. -- Larry Wall in <199709291631.JAA08648@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Many users of the GNU/Linux system will not have heard the ideas of free software. They will not be aware that we have ideas, that a system exists because of ethical ideals, which were omitted from ideas associated with the term 'open source.' ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	May you do Good Magic with Perl. -- Larry Wall's blessing
tech	sfw	May, in spite of all distractions generated by technology, all of you succeed in turning information into knowledge, knowledge into understanding, and understanding into wisdom. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	Maybe I'm a little bit crazy, but I can't decide if it's psychotic or neurotic. You know the difference, don't you? A psychotic thinks that 2 + 2 = 5. A neurotic knows that 2 + 2 = 4, but it makes him nervous. -- Larry Wall, 8th State of the Onion
tech	sfw	Maybe we should take a clue from FTP and put in an option like "print hash marks on every 1024 iterations". :-) -- Larry Wall in <199807171819.LAA13771@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Mechanical turk: [see Disrupt]
tech	sfw	Merely that I have a World Wide Web page does not give me any power, any abilities, nor any status in the real world. ~ Clifford Stoll
tech	sfw	Modeling Principle: Models are not right or wrong; they are more or less useful. ~ Martin Fowler
tech	sfw	Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	Much of the essence of building a program is in fact the debugging of the specification. - Fred Brooks
tech	sfw	Must be a different Larry Wall. There are at least 137 of us in the U.S. -- Larry Wall in <199809300035.RAA12495@wall.org>
tech	sfw	My arthritic pinkies are already starting to ache just thinking about ||||=. -- Larry Wall in <199809251659.JAA06689@wall.org>
tech	sfw	My assertion that we can do better with computer languages is a persistent belief and fond hope, but you'll note I don't actually claim to be either rational or right. Except when it's convenient. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050217173835.GB26246@wall.org>
tech	sfw	My favorite programming languages are Lisp and C. However, since around 1992 I have worked mainly on free software activism, which means I am too busy to do much programming. Around 2008 I stopped doing programming projects. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	My general working style is to write everything first with pencil and paper, sitting beside a big wastebasket. Then I use Emacs to enter the text into my machine. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	My list of basic tools is a partial answer to the question about what has changed: Over the past few years, large numbers of programmers have come to depend on elaborate tools to interface code with systems facilities. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	My point today is that, if we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as "lines produced" but as "lines spent": the current conventional wisdom is so foolish as to book that count on the wrong side of the ledger. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	My suggestion would be to assume that the Apocalypses are primarily intended to be entertaining rather than factual. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050809221810.GA31369@wall.org>
tech	sfw	No amount of source-level verification or scrutiny will protect you from using untrusted code. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	No computer has ever been designed that is ever aware of what it's doing; but most of the time, we aren't either. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	No matter how non-technical your life and work, you're going to have to interact with technology and technical people. If you know something about how devices and systems operate, it's a big advantage. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	No matter what, the way to learn to program is to write code and rewrite it and see it used and rewrite again. Reading other people's code is invaluable as well. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	No person, no idea, and no religion deserves to be illegal to insult, not even the Church of Emacs. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	No prisoner's dilemma here. Over the long term, symbiosis is more useful than parasitism. More fun, too. Ask any mitochondria. -- Larry Wall in <199705102042.NAA00851@wall.org>
tech	sfw	No, I'm not going to explain it. If you can't figure it out, you didn't want to know anyway... :-) -- Larry Wall in <1991Aug7.180856.2854@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	Not that I have anything much against redundancy. But I said that already. -- Larry Wall in <199702271735.JAA04048@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Not that I'm against sneaking some notions into people's heads upon occasion. (Or blasting them in outright.) -- Larry Wall in <199710211624.JAA17833@wall.org>
tech	sfw	OK, enough hype. -- Larry Wall in the perl man page
tech	sfw	OOPS! You naughty creature! You didn't run Configure with sh! I will attempt to remedy the situation by running sh for you... -- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
tech	sfw	Obviously I was either onto something, or on something. -- Larry Wall on the creation of Perl
tech	sfw	Obviously, the person who had most influence on my career was Ken Thompson. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	Odd that we think definitions are definitive. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199702221943.LAA20388@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Odious ideas are not entitled to hide from criticism behind the human shield of their believers feelings. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Of course, I reserve the right to make wholly stupid changes to Perl if I think they improve the language. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199704251604.JAA27300@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Of course, this being Perl, we could always take both approaches. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199709021744.KAA12428@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Officially, MPAA stands for Motion Picture Association of America, but I suggest that MPAA stands for Malicious Power Attacking All. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Often designers do complicated things that improve the capacity on a particular hardware platform when it might actually be cheaper to buy more hardware. ~ Martin Fowler (2012) Patterns of Enterprise Application Architecture
tech	sfw	Often you'll see the same three or four data items together in lots of places: fields in a couple of classes, parameters in many method signatures. Bunches of data that hang around together really ought to be made into their own object. ~ Martin Fowler
tech	sfw	Oh, get ahold of yourself. Nobody's proposing that we parse English. -- Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Oh, right--I'd better learn to read Perl 6 one of these days. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050316201700.GB31121@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Oh, wait, that was Randal...nevermind... -- Larry Wall in <199709261754.KAA23761@wall.org>
tech	sfw	On the one hand, the press, television, and movies make heroes of vandals by calling them whiz kids. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	On the plus side, it's a lot easier in general to find /usr/include than cpp. -- Larry Wall in <199809041612.JAA05556@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Once GNU is written, everyone will be able to obtain good system software free, just like air. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Once the product's task is known, design the interface first; then implement to the interface design. ~ Jef Raskin
tech	sfw	Once when I was standing at the base, they started rotating the set and a big, heavy wrench fell down from the 12 o'clock position of the set, and got buried in the ground a few feet from me. I could have been killed! ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	One error message that would be of great benefit to novices is if we could guess where the missing brace is based on indentation. (But not *assuming* the missing brace, of course--this isn't Python... :-) -- Larry Wall in <20040714172318.GA21069@wall.org>
tech	sfw	One is that the perfect garden can be created overnight, which it can't. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	One of my most productive days was throwing away 1,000 lines of code. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	One of the obvious things that went wrong with Multics as a commercial success was just that it was sort of over-engineered in a sense. There was just too much in it. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	One operator is no big deal. That can be fixed in a jiffy. -- Larry Wall in <199809151814.LAA22396@wall.org>
tech	sfw	One reason you should not use web applications to do your computing is that you lose control. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	One thing I do understand is that people get scared when I start thinking out loud. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20031212010945.GB29594@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Open source is a development methodology; free software is a social movement. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Or I suppose we could always recontextualize the meaning of "is" instead. There is prior art... -- Larry Wall in <20050420192727.GF766@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Orthogonality for orthogonality's sake is not something I'm keen on. -- Larry Wall in <199809260112.SAA17178@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Our mailing lists (and their repeater newsgroups) are only for the purpose of promoting proprietary software. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Over the past several years, I've been more in a managerial role. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	P.S. I suppose I really should be nicer to people today, considering I'll be singing in Billy Graham's choir tonight... :-) -- Larry Wall in <199709261754.KAA23761@wall.org>
tech	sfw	P.S. Perl's master plan (or what passes for one) is to take over the world like English did. Er, *as* English did... -- Larry Wall in <199705201832.LAA28393@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Part of language design is purturbing the proposed feature in various directions to see how it might generalize in the future. -- Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Paying isn’t wrong, and being paid isn’t wrong. Trampling other people’s freedom and community is wrong, so the free software movement aims to put an end to it, at least in the area of software. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	People get the government their behavior deserves. People deserve better than that. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	People said I should accept the world. Bullshit! I don't accept the world. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	People sometimes ask me if it is a sin in the Church of Emacs to use vi. Using a free version of vi is not a sin; it is a penance. So happy hacking. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	People think that computer science is the art of geniuses but the actual reality is the opposite, just many people doing things that build on eachother, like a wall of mini stones. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	People who are more than casually interested in computers should have at least some idea of what the underlying hardware is like. Otherwise the programs they write will be pretty weird. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	People who are really serious about software should make their own hardware. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	People who passionately want to believe that the world is basically simple react to this with a fury that goes beyond what I consider appropriate for discussing a programming language. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	People who understand context would be steamed to have someone else dictating how they can call it. -- Larry Wall in <199710221710.KAA24242@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Perhaps I'm missing the gene for making enemies. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199708040319.UAA16213@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Perhaps they will have to outlaw sending random lists of words. fee fie foe foo -- Larry Wall in <199710311916.LAA19760@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Perhaps you should compile your Perl with long doubles one of these megaseconds. -- Larry Wall in <199806241734.KAA09652@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Perl did not get where it is by ignoring psychological factors. -- Larry Wall in <199809031634.JAA26895@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Perl has a long tradition of working around compilers. -- Larry Wall in <199708252256.PAA00105@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Perl is designed to give you several ways to do anything, so consider picking the most readable one. -- Larry Wall in the perl man page
tech	sfw	Perl itself is usually pretty good about telling you what you shouldn't do. :-) -- Larry Wall in <11091@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	Perl programming is an *empirical* science! -- Larry Wall in <10226@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	Perl should remain fast and intuitive (to the extent that it is :-) -- Larry Wall in <199804151704.KAA12290@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Perl will always provide the null. -- Larry Wall in <199801151818.KAA14538@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Personally I'm looking forward to seeing what the .mathematica method spits out for a junction, but maybe I'll have to settle for a .apl method instead. -- Larry Wall in <20050216071655.GC3909@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Personally, I like to defiantly split my infinitives. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199708271551.IAA10211@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Personally, I look forward to better tools for analyzing C++ source code. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	Personally, Rorschach blots always look like butterflies to me. Or pelvis bones, I admit it. -- Larry Wall, 8th State of the Onion
tech	sfw	Perspective is worth 80 IQ points. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	Playfully doing something difficult, whether useful or not, that is hacking. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Portability should be the default. -- Larry Wall in <199711072201.OAA01123@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Portfolio: 1. a spreadsheet of debt owed to failing businesses; 2. a collection of invalid patents not yet invalidated by the examiners; 3. Atari’s entry into the PDA market
tech	sfw	Pretty much everything on the web uses those two things: C and UNIX. The browsers are written in C. The UNIX kernel - that pretty much the entire Internet runs on - is written in C. ~ Rob Pike
tech	sfw	Prior art is as effective as US soldiers in Iraq: They control the ground they stand on, and nothing more. I used to say Vietnam, but, well, you know... ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Program testing can be a very effective way to show the presence of bugs, but it is hopelessly inadequate for showing their absence. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	Program testing can be used to show the presence of bugs, but never to show their absence! ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	Programming is not a science. Programming is a craft. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Programming is one of the most difficult branches of applied mathematics; the poorer mathematicians had better remain pure mathematicians. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	Programming language is very specific to instructing a computer to do a particular structure of a sequence. It's the very way you tell the machine what you want it to do. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	Proprietary software is an injustice. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Proprietary software tends to have malicious features. The point is with a proprietary program, when the users don't have the source code, we can never tell. So you must consider every proprietary program as potential malware. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Proprietary software tends to have malicious features. The point is with a proprietary program, when the users dont have the source code, we can never tell. So you must consider every proprietary program as potential malware. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Psychotics are consistently inconsistent. The essence of sanity is to be inconsistently inconsistent. -- Larry Wall in <199809041918.MAA06850@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Python's syntax succeeds in combining the mistakes of Lisp and Fortran. I do not contrue that as progress. -- Larry Wall in <20040512161005.GB3902@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Q. Why is this so clumsy? A. The trick is to use Perl's strengths rather than its weaknesses. -- Larry Wall in <8225@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	Quite a few people have to believe something is normal before it becomes normal - a sort of 'voting' situation. But once the threshold is reached, then everyone demands to do whatever it is. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	Randal can write one-liners again. Everyone is happy, and peace spreads over the whole Earth. -- Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Randal said it would be tough to do in sed. He didn't say he didn't understand sed. Randal understands sed quite well. Which is why he uses Perl. :-) -- Larry Wall in <7874@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	Rather than bringing me closer to others, the time that I spend online isolates me from the most important people in my life, my family, my friends, my neighbourhood, my community. ~ Clifford Stoll
tech	sfw	Reactive: the property of a website wherein it is made possible to view it on a smartphone-sized screen by adding so much bloat that it is no longer possible to render it on a smartphone CPU or cache it in a smartphone’s RAM
tech	sfw	Real programmers can write assembly code in any language. :-) -- Larry Wall in <8571@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	Real theology is always rather shocking to people who already think they know what they think. I'm still shocked myself. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199708261932.MAA05218@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Remember though that THERE IS NO GENERAL RULE FOR CONVERTING A LIST INTO A SCALAR. -- Larry Wall in the perl man page
tech	sfw	Reserve your abuse for your true friends. -- Larry Wall in <199712041852.KAA19364@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Revision control: a ledger containing the mistakes of youth
tech	sfw	Right now, computers, which are supposed to be our servant, are oppressing us. ~ Jef Raskin
tech	sfw	SCRUM: a machine that turns engineer-time into meetings
tech	sfw	Science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. Art is everything else we do. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	Science requires a society because even people who are trying to be good thinkers love their own thoughts and theories - much of the debugging has to be done by others. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	Script: a small segment of someone’s shell history
tech	sfw	Several people have told me that my inability to suffer fools gladly is one of my main weaknesses. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	Sharing is good, and with digital technology, sharing is easy. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Sharing knowledge is the most fundamental act of friendship. Because it is a way you can give something without loosing something. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Simplicity is a great virtue but it requires hard work to achieve it and education to appreciate it. And to make matters worse: complexity sells better. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	Snow is so beautiful, it doesn't have to be useful. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	So I'm thinking about ??, or !!, or //, or \\, or whatever. But I think I like ?? the best so far. Or the least worst. -- Larry Wall in <199809150037.RAA17580@wall.org>
tech	sfw	So far we've managed to avoid turning Perl into APL. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199702251904.LAA28261@wall.org>
tech	sfw	So maybe I can go back to being a Gardeners' World addict again. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	So please don't think I have a "down" on the MVS people. I'm just pulling off their arms to beat other people over the head with. -- Larry Wall in <199808050415.VAA24026@wall.org>
tech	sfw	So, make a real effort to avoid getting sucked into all the expensive lifestyle habits of typical Americans. Because if you do that, then people with the money will dictate what you do with your life. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Societies need rules that make no sense for individuals. For example, it makes no difference whether a single car drives on the left or on the right. But it makes all the difference when there are many cars! ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	Software engineer: a programmer with a bachelor’s degree
tech	sfw	Software engineering: writing code that doesn’t need to exist, but writing it in Java
tech	sfw	Software patents are dangerous to software developers because they impose monopolies on software ideas. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Some people worry that artificial intelligence will make us feel inferior, but then, anybody in his right mind should have an inferiority complex every time he looks at a flower. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	Somebody is saying this is inevitable – and whenever you hear somebody saying that, it's very likely to be a set of businesses campaigning to make it true. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Sometimes we choose the generalization. Sometimes we don't. -- Larry Wall in <199709032332.QAA21669@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Sorry. My testing organization is either too small, or too large, depending on how you look at it. :-) -- Larry Wall in <1991Apr22.175438.8564@jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov>
tech	sfw	Stanley Kubrick knew we had good graphics around MIT and came to my lab to find out how to do it. We had some really good stuff. I was very impressed with Kubrick; he knew all the graphics work I had ever heard of, and probably more. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	Startup: a small business with no plans to become profitable
tech	sfw	Steve Jobs, the pioneer of the computer as a jail made cool, designed to sever fools from their freedom, has died. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Steve was perfectly aware of the Dynabook. That was one of the reasons he wanted me to come to Apple. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	Symmetry is overrated. Overrated is symmetry. -- Larry Wall in <6vhq4r$a6i@kiev.wall.org>
tech	sfw	Tactical? TACTICAL!?!? Hey, buddy, we went from kilotons to megatons several minutes ago. We don't need no stinkin' tactical nukes. (By the way, do you have change for 10 million people?) --lwall
tech	sfw	Tcl long ago fell into the Forth trap, and is now trying desperately to extricate itself (with some help from Sun's marketing department). -- Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Tcl tends to get ported to weird places like routers. -- Larry Wall in <199710071721.KAA19014@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Technology at present is covert philosophy; the point is to make it openly philosophical. ~ Phil Agre
tech	sfw	Technology is anything that wasn't around when you were born. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	Technology is mostly a force for good, but it has its downsides, too. I want my students - and my readers - to be intelligently skeptical about technology and be informed about the good and the not-so-good parts. ~ Brian Kernighan
tech	sfw	Testing shows the presence, not the absence of bugs ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	Thank goodness we don't have only serious problems, but ridiculous ones as well. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	That being said, I think we should immediately deprecate any string concatenation that combines "19" with "99". :-) -- Larry Wall in <199811242002.MAA26850@wall.org>
tech	sfw	That brings me to Dennis Ritchie. Our collaboration has been a thing of beauty. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	That could certainly be done, but I don't want to fall into the Forth trap, where every running Forth implementation is really a different language. -- Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
tech	sfw	That gets us out of deciding how to spell Reg[eE]xp?|RE . . . Of course, then we have to decide what ref $re returns... :-) -- Larry Wall in <199710171838.LAA24968@wall.org>
tech	sfw	That is a known bug in 5.00550. Either an upgrade or a downgrade will fix it. -- Larry Wall in <6vu1vo$89c@kiev.wall.org>
tech	sfw	That means I'll have to use $ans to suppress newlines now. Life is ridiculous. -- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
tech	sfw	That should probably be written: no !@#$%^&*:@!semicolon -- Larry Wall in <199710161841.LAA13208@wall.org>
tech	sfw	That which hits the fan tends to get flung in all directions. -- Larry Wall in <199809091801.LAA15194@wall.org>
tech	sfw	That's a valid argument. I just don't think it's valid enough. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199804150050.RAA08093@wall.org>
tech	sfw	That's what Sleepy Brain says. But Coffee Brain despises Sleepy Brain. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050317164126.GA28021@wall.org>
tech	sfw	That's...sick... I love it. *Please* don't tell Damian. -- Larry Wall in <20050309180300.GF22973@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The Adobe flash plug-in is non-free software, and people should not install it, or suggest installing it, or even tell people it exists. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	The GNU GPL was not designed to be "open source". ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	The Golden Gate wasn't our fault either, but we still put a bridge across it. -- Larry Wall in <199811242253.OAA28167@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The Internet is a telephone system that's gotten uppity. ~ Clifford Stoll
tech	sfw	The X server has to be the biggest program I've ever seen that doesn't do anything for you. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	The act of describing a program in unambiguous detail and the act of programming are one and the same. - Kevlin Henney
tech	sfw	The autodecrement is not magical. -- Larry Wall in the perl man page
tech	sfw	The average gardener probably knows little about what is going on in his or her garden. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	The basic idea in case-based, or CBR, is that the program has stored problems and solutions. Then, when a new problem comes up, the program tries to find a similar problem in its database by finding analogous aspects between the problems. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	The best way to predict the future is to invent it. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	The choice of approaches could be made the responsibility of the programmer. -- Larry Wall in <199709081901.MAA20863@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The code also assumes that it's difficult to misspell "a" or "b". :-) -- Larry Wall in <199710221731.KAA24396@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The competent programmer is fully aware of the strictly limited size of his own skull; therefore he approaches the programming task in full humility, and among other things he avoids clever tricks like the plague. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	The compiler is not immutable; it is a means to an end. And the end I am imagining is one that I cannot imagine. -- Larry Wall in <20050514164301.GA13727@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The computer industry is the only industry that is more fashion-driven than women's fashion. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	The computer should be doing the hard work. That's what it's paid to do, after all. -- Larry Wall in <199709012312.QAA08121@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The court finds everyone to be in contempt (including himself :-), and orders everyone sentenced to five years hard labor. (Working on Perl, of course.) -- Larry Wall in <199807211548.IAA26184@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The definition I use for pattern is an idea that has been useful in one practical context and will probably be useful in others ~ Martin Fowler
tech	sfw	The desire to be rewarded for one's creativity does not justify depriving the world in general of all or part of that creativity. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	The effective exploitation of his powers of abstraction must be regarded as one of the most vital activities of a competent programmer. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	The following two statements are usually both true: There's not enough documentation. There's too much documentation. -- Larry Wall in <199709020026.RAA08431@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The free world welcomes Sun's decision to use the Free Software Foundation's GPL. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	The hardest thing is to go to sleep at night, when there are so many urgent things needing to be done. A huge gap exists between what we know is possible with today's machines and what we have so far been able to finish. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	The human psyche is a mishmash of rules of thumb, and Einstein's thumb is only two of them. -- Larry Wall in <20050217173835.GB26246@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The idea of copyright did not exist in ancient times, when authors frequently copied other authors at length in works of non-fiction. This practice was useful, and is the only way many authors' works have survived even in part. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	The idea of free software is that users of computing deserve freedom. They deserve in particular to have control over their computing. And proprietary software does not allow users to have control of their computing. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	The idea that laws decide what is right or wrong is mistaken in general. Laws are, at their best, an attempt to achieve justice; to say that laws define justice or ethical conduct is turning things upside down. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	The interesting thing about cloud computing is that we've redefined cloud computing to include everything that we already do, ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	The interesting thing about cloud computing is that we've redefined cloud computing to include everything that we already do. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	The key is to test the areas that you are most worried about going wrong. That way you get the most benefit for your testing effort. It is better to write and run incomplete tests than not to run complete tests ~ Martin Fowler
tech	sfw	The kind of programming that C provides will probably remain similar absolutely or slowly decline in usage, but relatively, JavaScript or its variants, or XML, will continue to become more central. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	The manuals we got from IBM would show examples of programs and I knew I could do a heck of a lot better than that. So I thought I might have some talent. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	The most important thing in the kitchen is the waste paper basket and it needs to be centrally located. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	The most important thing in the programming language is the name. A language will not succeed without a good name. I have recently invented a very good name and now I am looking for a suitable language. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	The most powerful programming language is Lisp. If you don't know Lisp (or its variant, Scheme), you don't appreciate what a powerful language is. Once you learn Lisp you will see what is missing in most other languages. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	The only disadvantage I see is that it would force everyone to get Perl. Horrors. :-) -- Larry Wall in <8854@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	The paradigm of competition is a race: by rewarding the winner, we encourage everyone to run faster. When capitalism really works this way, it does a good job; but its defenders are wrong in assuming it always works this way. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	The principal lesson of Emacs is that a language for extensions should not be a mere "extension language". It should be a real programming language, designed for writing and maintaining substantial programs. Because people will want to do that! ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	The problem with a thesaurus is that it only gives you synonyms, not the word you really want. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20041204185741.GA16358@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The problems of the real world are primarily those you are left with when you refuse to apply their effective solutions. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	The process of software development doesn't feel any better than it did a generation ago. ~ Rob Pike
tech	sfw	The protean nature of the computer is such that it can act like a machine or like a language to be shaped and exploited. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	The question of whether Machines Can Think... is about as relevant as the question of whether Submarines Can Swim. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	The random quantum fluctuations of my brain are historical accidents that happen to have decided that the concepts of dynamic scoping and lexical scoping are orthogonal and should remain that way. -- Larry Wall in <199709021854.LAA12794@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The reason that a good citizen does not use such destructive means to become wealthier is that, if everyone did so, we would all become poorer from the mutual destructiveness. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	The second problem [with using UML for the purposes of this book] is that the Unified Modeling Language concentrates on implementation modeling rather than conceptual modeling ~ Martin Fowler
tech	sfw	The semantics of alcohol don't change when you reach drinking age. Only the pragmatics change. -- Larry Wall in <20050221191846.GD409@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The sooner you start to code, the longer the program will take. - Roy Carlson
tech	sfw	The standard library saves programmers from having to reinvent the wheel. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	The stupid people are the ones proposing to outlaw stupidity. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050708031759.GB3727@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The system should treat all user input as sacred. ~ Jef Raskin
tech	sfw	The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	The visible things that have come from the group have been the Plan 9 system and Inferno, but I hasten to say that the ideas and the work have come from colleagues. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	The way I see it, if you declare something portable, you'll always be wrong, and if you declare it non-portable, you'll always be right. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199806232215.PAA02356@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The way these things go, there are probably 6 or 8 kludgey ways to do it, and a better way that involves rethinking something that hasn't been rethunk yet. -- Larry Wall in <199710221859.LAA24889@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The whole history of computers is rampant with cheerleading at best and bigotry at worst. -- Larry Wall in <199702111730.JAA28598@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The whole intent of Perl 5's module system was to encourage the growth of Perl culture rather than the Perl core. -- Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
tech	sfw	The world has sprung very nasty threats on us and our software. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Then people who believe only in Interfaces can use the same underlying system-defined Roles without compromising their Java-bedeviled value system. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20040217163036.GA30527@wall.org>
tech	sfw	There ain't nothin' in this world that's worth being a snot over. -- Larry Wall in <1992Aug19.041614.6963@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	There are many times when you want it to ignore the rest of the string just like atof() does. Oddly enough, Perl calls atof(). How convenient. :-) -- Larry Wall in <1991Jun24.231628.14446@jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov>
tech	sfw	There are no projects per se in the Computing Sciences Research Center. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	There are probably better ways to do that, but it would make the parser more complex. I do, occasionally, struggle feebly against complexity... :-) -- Larry Wall in <7886@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	There are still some other things to do, so don't think if I didn't fix your favorite bug that your bug report is in the bit bucket. (It may be, but don't think it. :-) Larry Wall in <7238@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	There are three basic approaches to AI: Case-based, rule-based, and connectionist reasoning. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	There is no system but GNU and Linux is one of it's kernels ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	There is nothing wrong with wanting pay for work, or seeking to maximize one's income, as long as one does not use means that are destructive. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	There is the desire of a consumer society to have no learning curves. This tends to result in very dumbed-down products that are easy to get started on, but are generally worthless and/or debilitating. ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	There is, however, a strange, musty smell in the air that reminds me of something...hmm...yes...I've got it...there's a VMS nearby, or I'm a Blit. -- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
tech	sfw	There was a failure to recognize the deep problems in AI; for instance, those captured in Blocks World. The people building physical robots learned nothing. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	There's a lot of power in executing data - generating data and executing data. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	There's more than one method to our madness. -- Larry Wall in <20050614192549.GB17779@wall.org>
tech	sfw	There's often more than one correct thing. There's often more than one right thing. There's often more than one obvious thing. -- Larry Wall in <199806201726.KAA26569@wall.org>
tech	sfw	There's some entertainment value in watching people juggle nitroglycerin. -- Larry Wall in <199712041747.JAA18908@wall.org>
tech	sfw	There's something to be said for returning the whole syntax tree. -- Larry Wall in <199710221833.LAA24741@wall.org>
tech	sfw	There's ways to amuse yourself while doing things and thats how I look at efficency. ~ Donald Knuth
tech	sfw	These days I may be missing the bottom of my stomach, but I still have the bottom of my heart. So I would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart for being precisely who you are. -- Larry Wall, 8th State of the Onion
tech	sfw	They can always run stderr through uniq. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199704012331.PAA16535@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Think 'free speech,' not 'free beer.' ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Think of prototypes as a funny markup language--the interpretation is left up to the rendering engine. -- Larry Wall in <199710221710.KAA24242@wall.org>
tech	sfw	This evolution may compromise Java's claim of being simpler than C++, but my guess is that the effort will make Java a better language than it is today. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	This has been planned for some time. I guess we'll just have to find someone with an exceptionally round tuit. -- Larry Wall in <199709302338.QAA17037@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Though I'll admit readability suffers slightly... -- Larry Wall in <2969@jato.Jpl.Nasa.Gov>
tech	sfw	Thus, the standard library will serve as both a tool and as a teacher. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	To Perl, or not to Perl, that is the kvetching. -- Larry Wall in <199801200310.TAA11670@wall.org>
tech	sfw	To be able to choose between proprietary software packages is to be able to choose your master. Freedom means not having a master. And in the area of computing, freedom means not using proprietary software. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	To ordinary folks, conversion is not always automatic. It's something that may or may not require explicit assistance. See Billy Graham. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199710141738.KAA22289@wall.org>
tech	sfw	To write a kernel without a data structure and have it be as consistent and graceful as UNIX would have been a much, much harder challenge. ~ Rob Pike
tech	sfw	Today many people are switching to free software for purely practical reasons. That is good, as far as it goes, but that isn't all we need to do! Attracting users to free software is not the whole job, just the first step. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Transparency is valuable, but while many things can be made transparent in distributed objects, performance isn't usually one of them. ~ Martin Fowler (2003) in: Software development. Vol. 11. p. 99
tech	sfw	Treat your password like your toothbrush. Don't let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months. ~ Clifford Stoll
tech	sfw	True, it returns "" for false, but "" is an even more interesting number than 0. -- Larry Wall in <199707300650.XAA05515@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Two-dimensional parsing is fun... -- Larry Wall in <20040721231814.GA30798@wall.org>
tech	sfw	UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	Uber: a taxi service [see Disrupt]
tech	sfw	Uh, yeah. Obviously, 11 pm is still to early in the day for me... -- Larry Wall in <20050308071002.GA1069@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Unauthorized access to computer systems is already a serious crime in a few states and is currently being addressed in many more state legislatures as well as Congress. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	Unix is like a toll road on which you have to stop every 50 feet to pay another nickel. But hey! You only feel 5 cents poorer each time. -- Larry Wall in <1992Aug13.192357.15731@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	Users do not care about what is inside the box, as long as the box does what they need done. ~ Jef Raskin
tech	sfw	Value your freedom or you will lose it, teaches history. 'Don't bother us with politics', respond those who don't want to learn. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Venture capital: a collection of high-risk payday loans
tech	sfw	Venture capitalist: a problem gambler
tech	sfw	Visionary: someone who repeats other people’s ideas while wearing a turtleneck
tech	sfw	Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen. - Edward V Berard
tech	sfw	Waterfall: [see SCRUM]
tech	sfw	We can found no scientific discipline, nor a hearty profession, on the technical mistakes of the Department of Defense and, mainly, one computer manufacturer. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	We didn't put in ^^ because then we'd have to keep telling people what it means, and then we'd have to keep telling them why it doesn't short circuit. :-/ -- Larry Wall in <199707300650.XAA05515@wall.org>
tech	sfw	We don't believe we've solved the multicore-programming problem. But we think we've built an environment in which a certain class of problems can take advantage of the multicore architecture. ~ Rob Pike
tech	sfw	We don't have enough parallel universes to allow all uses of all junction types--in the absence of quantum computing the combinatorics are not in our favor... -- Larry Wall in <20031213210102.GE18685@wall.org>
tech	sfw	We have persistant objects, they're called files. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	We must be very careful when we give advice to younger people: sometimes they follow it! ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	We must not forget that it is not our [computing scientists'] business to make programs, it is our business to design classes of computations that will display a desired behaviour. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	We need to teach people to refuse to install non-free plug-ins; we need to teach people to care more about their long-term interest of freedom than their immediate desire to view a particular site. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	We question most of the mantras around here periodically, in case you hadn't noticed. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199705101952.MAA00756@wall.org>
tech	sfw	We reject: kings, presidents and voting. We believe in: rough consensus and running code. ~ Dave Clark
tech	sfw	We tried to avoid, you know, records. We were told over and over that was probably the most serious mistake and the reason was the system would never catch on, because we didn't have records. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	We wanted to solve robot problems and needed some vision, action, reasoning, planning, and so forth. We even used some structural learning, such as was being explored by Patrick Winston. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	We're a hospital of people helping each other, performing random acts of beauty for each other, even when no one is watching but God. -- Larry Wall, 8th State of the Onion
tech	sfw	We're still discussing it on @Larry, but I think we can make that work. -- Larry Wall in <20050503004247.GA7342@wall.org>
tech	sfw	We're systems software people ourselves. We wanted a language to make our lives better. ~ Rob Pike
tech	sfw	We've partly removed the inconveniences of preventing a user from combining code from various free software packages. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Web 2.0: simulating native applications by live-editing a rich text document
tech	sfw	Web application: [see CGI]
tech	sfw	Web servers are written in C, and if they're not, they're written in Java or C++, which are C derivatives, or Python or Ruby, which are implemented in C. ~ Rob Pike
tech	sfw	Well, I think Perl should run faster than C. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199801200306.TAA11638@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Well, enough clowning around. Perl is, in intent, a cleaned up and summarized version of that wonderful semi-natural language known as "Unix". -- Larry Wall in <1994Apr6.184419.3687@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	Well, hey, let's just make everything into a closure, and then we'll have our general garbage collector, installed by "use less memory". -- Larry Wall in <199710221744.KAA24484@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Well, hey, we'll have to leave some of the programming up to you. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050212184643.GA20059@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Well, some of that relates to the fact that last year I basically had to take half a year off to participate in various non-optional gastric revisions. -- Larry Wall in <20040226192647.GA11151@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Well, sure, I explicitly mentioned "vtables" last time I brought this up. But a single pointer is fairly paltry, as tables go. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199808170117.SAA19369@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Well, that's more-or-less what I was saying, though obviously addition is a little more cosmic than the bitwise operators. -- Larry Wall in <199709051808.LAA01780@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Well, you can implement a Perl peek() with unpack('P',...). Once you have that, there's only security through obscurity. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199710161537.IAA07828@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Well, you know, Hubbard had a bunch of people sworn to commit suicide when he died. So of course he never officially died... -- Larry Wall in <199804141540.IAA05247@wall.org>
tech	sfw	What about WRITING it first and rationalizing it afterwords? :-) -- Larry Wall in <8162@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	Wheelbarrow is a scavenger. That is to say, he's a sysadmin. -- Larry Wall in The State of the Onion 9
tech	sfw	When David Marr at MIT moved into computer vision, he generated a lot of excitement, but he hit up against the problem of knowledge representation; he had no good representations for knowledge in his vision systems. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	When FORTRAN has been called an infantile disorder, full PL/1, with its growth characteristics of a dangerous tumor, could turn out to be a fatal disease. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	When I first got to Apple, which was in '84, the Mac was already out, and 'Newsweek' contacted me and asked me what I thought of the Mac. I said, 'Well, the Mac is the first personal computer good enough to be criticized.' ~ Alan Kay
tech	sfw	When I read commentary about suggestions for where C should go, I often think back and give thanks that it wasn't developed under the advice of a worldwide crowd. ~ Dennis Ritchie
tech	sfw	When I'm online, I'm alone in a room, tapping on a keyboard, staring at a cathode-ray tube. ~ Clifford Stoll
tech	sfw	When Steve Jobs died last week, there was a huge outcry, and that was very moving and justified. ~ Rob Pike
tech	sfw	When in doubt, parenthesize. At the very least it will let some poor schmuck bounce on the % key in vi. -- Larry Wall in the perl man page
tech	sfw	When in doubt, use brute force. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	When we had no computers, we had no programming problem either. When we had a few computers, we had a mild programming problem. Confronted with machines a million times as powerful, we are faced with a gigantic programming problem. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	When you feel the need to write a comment, first try to refactor the code so that any comment becomes superfluous. ~ Martin Fowler
tech	sfw	When you find you have to add a feature to a program, and the program's code is not structured in a convenient way to add the feature, first refactor the program to make it easy to add the feature, then add the feature. ~ Martin Fowler
tech	sfw	Whether gods exist or not, there is no way to get absolute certainty about ethics. Without absolute certainty, what do we do? We do the best we can. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	While I admire the insights of many of the people in the world of computing, I get this cold feeling that I speak a different language. ~ Clifford Stoll
tech	sfw	While corporations dominate society and write the laws, each advance in technology is an opening for them to further restrict its users. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Why is it drug addicts and computer aficionados are both called users? ~ Clifford Stoll
tech	sfw	Why waste time doing experiments in the organization with technologies that are going to be out of date in 5 years or 10 years? ~ Doug Engelbart
tech	sfw	With paper printed books, you have certain freedoms. You can acquire the book anonymously by paying cash, which is the way I always buy books. I never use a credit card. I don't identify to any database when I buy books. Amazon takes away that freedom. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	With the increasing importance of standards for system-level objects such as COM and CORBA, it is particularly important that the C++ bindings to those be clean, well documented, and simple to use. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
tech	sfw	World wide web: rich text documents on other people’s computers
tech	sfw	Would a dating service on the net be 'frowned upon' . . . ? I hope not. But even if it is, don't let that stop you from notifying me via net mail if you start one. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Would you trust the linguistic intuitions of someone who has been studying Latin or Greek for three days? -- Larry Wall in <199809230518.WAA19312@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Wow, I'm being shot at from both sides. That means I *must* be right. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199710211959.MAA18990@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Write a paper promising salvation, make it a 'structured' something or a 'virtual' something, or 'abstract', 'distributed' or 'higher-order' or 'applicative' and you can almost be certain of having started a new cult. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
tech	sfw	Writing non-free software is not an ethically legitimate activity, so if people who do this run into trouble, that's good! All businesses based on non-free software ought to fail, and the sooner the better. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	Y'know, there are other possibilities if we assume that filenames are UTF-8...yikes...wait, put down that meat cleaver! Aieeee!!! -- Larry Wall in <199806181655.JAA10702@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Yes, I'm a megalomaniac to think that I can set a better standard than the French... :-) -- Larry Wall in <20040303205940.GA24064@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Yes, it's a slippery slope. No, we are not sliding all the way down it. And it's just as easy to slide up this slope as well as down, and end up with Lisp rather than APL. Neither extreme is healthy. -- Larry Wall in <20050504165510.GB7407@wall.org>
tech	sfw	Yes, we have consensus that we need 64 bit support. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199710291922.LAA07101@wall.org>
tech	sfw	You can prove anything by mentioning another computer language. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199706242038.NAA29853@wall.org>
tech	sfw	You can use any editor you want, but remember that vi vi vi is the text editor of the beast. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	You can't trust code that you did not totally create yourself. ~ Ken Thompson
tech	sfw	You don't have to wait--you can have it in 5.004_54 or so. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199710221740.KAA24455@wall.org>
tech	sfw	You don't understand anything until you learn it more than one way. ~ Marvin Minsky
tech	sfw	You have the irritating habit of asking good questions I don't have an easy answer for. Please don't stop. -- Larry Wall in <20050314165932.GA12577@wall.org>
tech	sfw	You have to admit that it's difficult to misplace the Perl sources. :-) -- Larry Wall in <1992Aug26.184221.29627@netlabs.com>
tech	sfw	You have to make a decision whether it's a new product or you integrate it with an existing product. It takes time to work these things out. ~ Rob Pike
tech	sfw	You know, if you were *really* going to starve, you'd be justified in writing proprietary software. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	You might as well write your warning in Russian for all the good it'll do. :-) -- Larry Wall in <20040710010945.GC32394@wall.org>
tech	sfw	You tell it that it's indicative by appending $!. That's why we made $! such a short variable name, after all. :-) -- Larry Wall in <199709081801.LAA20629@wall.org>
tech	sfw	You want it in one line? Does it have to fit in 80 columns? :-) -- Larry Wall in <7349@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
tech	sfw	Your csh still thinks true is false. Write to your vendor today and tell them that next year Configure ought to "rm /bin/csh" unless they fix their blasted shell. :-) -- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
tech	sfw	Your primary goal is not to solve their problem. Your primary goal is to help them become one notch more capable of solving their problem on their own. ~ Phil Agre
tech	sfw	[End of diatribe. We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming...] -- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
tech	sfw	[Martha said] "So what? Somebody's always had control over information, and others have always tried to steal it. Read Machiavelli. As technology changes, sneakiness finds new expressions." - Clifford Stoll
tech	sfw	break; /* don't do magic till later */ -- Larry Wall in stab.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	designed to prohibit all free software. It covers only code that implements, precisely, the Microsoft formats, which means that a program under this license does not permit modification. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	double value; /* or your money back! */ short changed; /* so triple your money back! */ -- Larry Wall in cons.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	echo "Congratulations. You aren't running Eunice." -- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
tech	sfw	echo "Hmmm...you don't have Berkeley networking in libc.a..." echo "but the Wollongong group seems to have hacked it in." -- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
tech	sfw	echo "ICK, NOTHING WORKED!!! You may have to diddle the includes.";; -- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
tech	sfw	echo "Your stdio isn't very std." -- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
tech	sfw	echo $package has manual pages available in source form. echo "However, you don't have nroff, so they're probably useless to you." -- Larry Wall in Configure from the perl distribution
tech	sfw	fail("Language designer not persuaded"); # :-) -- Larry Wall in <20050327054109.GC25664@wall.org>
tech	sfw	if (instr(buf,sys_errlist[errno])) /* you don't see this */ -- Larry Wall in eval.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	if (rsfp = mypopen("/bin/mail root","w")) { /* heh, heh */ -- Larry Wall in perl.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	last|perl -pe '$_ x=/(..:..)...(.*)/&&"'$1'"ge$1&&"'$1'"lt$2' That's gonna be tough for Randal to beat... :-) -- Larry Wall in <1991Apr29.072206.5621@jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov>
tech	sfw	part of the long-term effort to liberate cyberspace. ~ Richard Stallman
tech	sfw	pos += screamnext[pos] /* does this goof up anywhere? */ -- Larry Wall in util.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	print rand rand rand 1, "\n"; # interesting distribution -- Larry Wall in <199806191536.IAA19013@wall.org>
tech	sfw	s = (char*)(long)retval; /* ouch */ -- Larry Wall in doio.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	signal(i, SIG_DFL); /* crunch, crunch, crunch */ -- Larry Wall in doarg.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	stab_val(stab)->str_nok = 1; /* what a wonderful hack! */ -- Larry Wall in stab.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	str->str_pok |= SP_FBM; /* deep magic */ s = (unsigned char*)(str->str_ptr); /* deeper magic */ -- Larry Wall in util.c from the perl source code
tech	sfw	sub eval_C ($proggie) { CGrammar.top($proggie).compile.link.run.dump.gdb } -- Larry Wall in <20050420220706.GA6265@wall.org>
tech	sfw	switch (ref $@) { OverflowError => warn "Dam needs to be drained"; DomainError => warn "King needs to be trained"; NuclearWarError => die; } -- Larry Wall in <199709302338.QAA17037@wall.org>
tech	sfw	tmps_base = tmps_max; /* protect our mortal string */ -- Larry Wall in stab.c from the perl source code
tech	spicy	Big data science: a silicon valley themed porn parody of the Insane Clown Posse film “Big Money Hustlers”
tech	spicy	I've read that male dolphins try to have sex with humans, and female apes solicit sex from humans. What is wrong with giving them what they want, if that's what turns you on, or even just to gratify them? ~ Richard Stallman
tech	spicy	Sex is fun, but it probably doesn't solve all your problems. -- Larry Wall in <20050309192903.GA27250@wall.org>
tech	spicy	The Harvard Law states: Under controlled conditions of light, temperature, humidity, and nutrition, the organism will do as it damn well pleases. -- Larry Wall in <199710161841.LAA13208@wall.org>
tech	spicy	The art of programming is the art of organizing complexity, of mastering multitude and avoiding its bastard chaos as effectively as possible. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
whimsy	sfw	"...Knock, knock, knock on the devil's door. Do not invite him to dinner; his beasts will come for more.." High Priestess Misabo Ahm in Triumvirate War Council CY 10091
whimsy	sfw	"A soldier's first battlefield is always his own mind." -- Admiral Constanza Stark, CY 9762
whimsy	sfw	"All Military, rank and file, are subject to the word and intent of the Commonwealth Triumvirs. There is no exception. There is punishment accordingly." Commonwealth Charter, 0957
whimsy	sfw	"And the Prides shall stand as one, powerful in the light and supreme among beings." The Nietzschean Prophecy Drago Museveni, CY 8424
whimsy	sfw	"Any fool can be honest, for it is only what he knows. A wise man is aware of when to share the truth." Vedran Empress Yoweri XXIII CY 2932
whimsy	sfw	"Around, around and underneath, the Trickster flies. Catch him, catch him -- If he doesn't lose you, lose you when he flies!" Perseid Child's Game, CY 3040
whimsy	sfw	"Bagman" is not a legitimate career choice.
whimsy	sfw	"Bart Bucks" are not legal tender.
whimsy	sfw	"Beneath the web-thin simulacrum, inundating and fecund live myth and manifold truths. Not one point of view can embrace them at a glance." Council of One, CY 2333
whimsy	sfw	"Between birth and death lies desire, Desire for life, for love, for everything good. And this is the source of all suffering." Outcast Consensus 17, CY 10942
whimsy	sfw	"Bewitched" does not promote Satanism.
whimsy	sfw	"Brokeback Mountain" is not just a movie. It's also what Chuck Norris calls the pile of dead ninjas in his front yard.
whimsy	sfw	"Cast your Eye upon the Changeling, then look for the origin of change. Perhaps it is in the Eye." Luna, "Catalog of Companions" CY 302
whimsy	sfw	"Caucus" is not a dirty word.
whimsy	sfw	"Celestial digressions make great first impressions. I drown in your halo. You orbit my soul" Lyrics from Solar Flares Through My Heart CY 2891
whimsy	sfw	"Come bitter Rain, And wash from my Heart That saddest of all Words: Home" Ulatempa Poetess, "Song of My Exile" CY 9825
whimsy	sfw	"Conceal nothing, and watch the fools search forever." Psalms of Koscs Vedran Archives LOT 0049
whimsy	sfw	"Confine that which you fear to the mirror. Start with who is standing there. Then smile." Bogdo Geghen Seer of Agharta, CY 1890
whimsy	sfw	"Contrast is wellspring of desire. A double-loop matrix within the eternal continuum." Metaphysical Conclusions of Jacob, All Systems University, Special Collections CY 9030
whimsy	sfw	"Daylight Savings” is not a failed bank.
whimsy	sfw	"Democracy may only be a few steps removed from anarchy, but at least it's not as loud." Crowned in Starlight Than Hegemon, CY 9843
whimsy	sfw	"Destiny is the promise I give to you. Hope, the part you play, is trusting me to keep this promise." The Prophetic Tetraglyphs CY 9537
whimsy	sfw	"Down where it was tangled and dark. Down where the spirits feasted on carrion. Down. Down. Down. It was there, yes, the High Hatted ones forever screamed, 'Eureka.'" -Youn's Narrows of Decline, CY 1015
whimsy	sfw	"Fear drives the universe. You will find dread among the galaxies. You will find horror in the heart of a star. You will find your fate in a heap of dust." The Diktat of Septa Parisis, CY 9015
whimsy	sfw	"Gentlebeings, I bid you welcome. Welcome to the blood, to the sweat, to the tears. Welcome to your places on the wall." Admiral Constanza Stark, "Address to War College Graduates," CY 9764
whimsy	sfw	"Her beauty shimmers with the light of a new star. But she is the other. Touch her, and you will know death. " Poet Temlar CY 2101
whimsy	sfw	"Here's everything I know about war: Somebody wins, somebody loses, and nothing is ever the same again." Admiral Constanza Stark, CY 9784
whimsy	sfw	"Hold. Herein a vast journey lies in the span of an instant. Seefra-1 Chamber Inscription Vedran 005-AT9
whimsy	sfw	"Hubris made the angels of heaven into devils... And their obstinacy keeps them in hell." From the Kuruvian Texts CY 319
whimsy	sfw	"I can no more endure to view; Wondrous sight of so celestial hue." - Final diary entry of Capt. Oswald Pierce, CY 1116 Regarding his only love.
whimsy	sfw	"I see through you, now that the cycle of possibilities is infinite, headed toward nothing." Seefran Love Song 341-AT9
whimsy	sfw	"I've always found a fully deployed battle group to be the most effective negotiator." Admiral Constanza Stark, High Guard Chief-of-Staff, CY 9758
whimsy	sfw	"If hope is the engine of the soul, Then duty is the navigator... And love is the fuel." High Guard Supreme Commander Sani nax Rifati "Persuasions and Exhortations" CY 4279
whimsy	sfw	"If the race goes too swiftly, the victory goes to those who are willing to fail." Lambert Krill Executed CY 689
whimsy	sfw	"In the absence of doubt, there is no change." The Memories 175-AT9
whimsy	sfw	"In the middle of the fight we knew: They had come at us like legends. One hundred up and one hundred down." Vedran Fabel "Amidst the Tribune and the Fireworks" CY 512
whimsy	sfw	"Inanimate objects and sentient beings, obey the laws of nature. Without discrimination. Enviroment is their only conscience." Vedran Inscription, Departure Slates 005-AT9
whimsy	sfw	"It matters little how we die, so long as we die better men than we imagined we could be -- and no worse than we feared." -- Drago Musevini CY 8451
whimsy	sfw	"Let the Bodies Hit the Floor" was originally written as Chuck Norris' theme song.
whimsy	sfw	"Life Is A Carnival, But the tents are folded before dawn" Beano Tavalis, The Armendago Caper, CY 727
whimsy	sfw	"Man is his own star. His acts are his angels, good or ill, While his fatal shadows walk silently beside him." Rhyme of the Primeval Paradine AFC 54
whimsy	sfw	"March Madness" is not an excuse for missing school.
whimsy	sfw	"Marshall your forces O great Generals. The cost of victory exceeds the cost of defeat." Joheean Koll Wars of the Ramayin Frontier CY 459
whimsy	sfw	"More than a mere ship of exploration, the Bellerophon embodied humanity's last, great effort to take the universe through our will alone." Dr. Paul Musevni, father of Drago Musevni, A Farther Shore, CY 8401
whimsy	sfw	"Official secrets keep good lies turning in every mouth." High Senator Bonn, Fifteenth Congress of Tal CY 3343
whimsy	sfw	"On the plains of Galiolith, Crystalline chimes herald a new beginning For all who wish to hear them." Ghillie Clethrad, Flumerian Hymns CY 6104
whimsy	sfw	"Once you give in to the void, space itself becomes time. Once you give in to the void, many are the mouths of reality." New Century Manifesto, CY 4001
whimsy	sfw	"One head cannot contain all Wisdom." The Olduvai Cycle Systems University Archives, CY 8550
whimsy	sfw	"Only those born guilty Recognize Innocence for what it Is: The rarest thing in the Universe, And the most Precious." The Anointed, The Finder of The Way, C.Y. 9799
whimsy	sfw	"Our vanguard is the point of the lance. Then came design and crimson flame. There, they still wait somehow." Disciples of Qhatch CY 0417
whimsy	sfw	"Regarding the cerebellum, there is a culture and a presentation. Both hold power and sway." Cuisine of the Lost Empire, CY 9905
whimsy	sfw	"Requested: One Mark V ECM unit, 1000 km of Fullerene cable, one low-yield nuclear warhead. Purpose: Surprise party for a foreign dignitary." Argosy Special Operations requisition form, CY 9512
whimsy	sfw	"Screams of a billion murdered Stars Give lie to the night's Peace, While we cling in desperation to the Few Fragile spinning stones we call Worlds." Wayfinder First Order Hasturi aka "The Mad Perseid" 217 AFC
whimsy	sfw	"Sweating bullets" is literally what happens when Chuck Norris gets too hot.
whimsy	sfw	"Temptation Island" was not a sleazy piece of crap.
whimsy	sfw	"The Kingdom was called Contrary. The Castle was called Doubt. The Twin Giants who lived there were named Deceit and Despair. Every change in the weather brought Rain and Hope." THE CAIRN OF DARKNESS AND THE LIGHT, CY 1015
whimsy	sfw	"The President did it" is not an excuse.
whimsy	sfw	"The cycle of possibilities if fleeting. The lash of an eye in a hurricane." Seefran Love Song 341-AT9
whimsy	sfw	"The door opens. The edges meet. Step through and you find yourself lost. Stay where you are and you go nowhere." Wayfinder Hasturi A.K.A. "The Mad Persied" AFC 217
whimsy	sfw	"The enemy of my enemy is still my enemy." Drago Museveni C.Y. 8427
whimsy	sfw	"The following statement is false: The previous statement is true. Welcome to our corner of the Universe." Anonymous Seefra Denizen CY 10210
whimsy	sfw	"The great blessing of the AI is that we are gifted with the power to touch our Creator. This is also our Curse." The Clarion's Call, "Our of the Abyss," CY 11745
whimsy	sfw	"The hero may find an interval of rest on the island of the Nymph. Forgetting commrades and ship and home. Until, recalled to his great quest he puts again to sea." Aimelin Zol "Tropes of the Ancients" CY 9857
whimsy	sfw	"The mirror is a window through which we see ourselves-- Reversed and without form. Our deepest lies reborn, true." Wayfinder Hasturi A.K.A. "The Mad Persied" AFC 217
whimsy	sfw	"The truest measure of a society is how it treats its elderly, its pets, and its prisoners." -- Keeper of the Way Vision of Faith VII CY 9891
whimsy	sfw	"The tyrant and the rebel hold the same creed: to act is to live." War Heretics of Auden, CY 9015
whimsy	sfw	"The universe is bound in equal parts by arrogance and altruism. Any attempt to alter this would be suicide." Dr. Walter Giles, "The Value of Value", CY 11543
whimsy	sfw	"The universe is perfect. You cannot improve it. If you try to change it, you will ruin it. If you try to hold it, you will lose it." Notes to Odo Chan, CY 9191
whimsy	sfw	"Those who fail to learn history are doomed to repeat it; those who fail to learn history correctly-- why they are simply doomed." Achem Dro'hm "The Illusion of Historical Fact" -- CY 4971
whimsy	sfw	"Throw them all away, but don't predict where your foot will fall. The first and the last steps are the same" Seefra 6 Inscription 228-AT9
whimsy	sfw	"Title is not who he is, the manifestor of what the cannot dream; He takes no name where none fits." Original Progenitor Diatribes CY 8434
whimsy	sfw	"To a god, a wall is but a line on a page. We are all naked, seen beyond seeing." Wayfinder Hasturi, aka "The Mad Perseid", 217 AFC
whimsy	sfw	"Vegetarian" is an old Indian word meaning "I don't hunt so good."
whimsy	sfw	"Verify distant secrets Be careful not to perish A question as your guide. What becomes the face of truth." Enigma 03 of the Murti, CY 8567
whimsy	sfw	"We all wear the twin masks of emotion, Happy or sad, haunted or hunted, You choose the mask, you choose the risk. You choose your own poison." Last words of Plethe the Pirate CY 3902
whimsy	sfw	"What is faith then but persistent hope in the face of relentless doubt." Brother Carmen Jane A case for consciousness CY 10087
whimsy	sfw	"What is fate? Why do you ask? The answer lies in the composing of Light and Influence. Nothing will fall to you early or late." Rhyme of the Primeval Paradine AFC 54
whimsy	sfw	"When events test men, angels then appear." Wayist Verse CY 1015
whimsy	sfw	"When they are dying tell them a riddle. And when they laugh, Let the Gods of Nature finish what we have started." Segma Te: Director, Cultural Archives; University Library- CY 760
whimsy	sfw	"Within the perfect architecture of thought, logic may often provide the structure --but from emotion come the inspiration." Contemplations on Perception, Anaiis Milan CY 8012
whimsy	sfw	"Worlds governed by Artificial Intelligence often learned a hard lesson: Logic Doesn't Care." Yin-Man Wei, "This Present Darkness: A History of the Interregnum", CY 11956
whimsy	sfw	"You ask why we give our Ships' Computers normal Emotions? Do you really want a Warship Incapable of Loyalty? Or of love?" The Unshattered Allegiance, High Guard Frigate Artificial Intelligence Rights Activist, C.Y. 7309
whimsy	sfw	"butt.com" is not my e-mail address.
whimsy	sfw	'Groundhog Day' was one of the greatest scripts ever written. It didn't even get nominated for an Academy Award. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	'Icy-Hot' is too weak for Chuck Norris. After a workout, Chuck Norris rubs his muscles down with liquid-hot MAGMA.
whimsy	sfw	**Quantity** we've got - - it's when I mention the word QUALITY that the room gets awfully quiet!
whimsy	sfw	182,000 Americans die from Chuck Norris-related accidents every year.
whimsy	sfw	1:Heart disease
whimsy	sfw	20 more shoplifting days till Christmas.
whimsy	sfw	25 years and they can't come up with a new punishment.
whimsy	sfw	2:Chuck Norris
whimsy	sfw	3:Cancer
whimsy	sfw	4 out of 5 doctors fail to recommend Chuck Norris as a solution to most problems. Also, 80% of doctors die unexplained, needlessly brutal deaths.
whimsy	sfw	A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving is as good as A Charlie Brown Christmas.
whimsy	sfw	A Chuck Norris-delivered Roundhouse Kick is the preferred method of execution in 16 states.
whimsy	sfw	A Handicapped parking sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot belongs to Chuck Norris and that you will be handicapped if you park there.
whimsy	sfw	A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	A belch is not an oral report.
whimsy	sfw	A bit of perfume always clings to the hand that gives the rose. - Chinese proverb
whimsy	sfw	A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	A booger is not a bookmark.
whimsy	sfw	A burp in a jar is not a science project.
whimsy	sfw	A burp is not an answer.
whimsy	sfw	A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	A committee is a cul-de-sac down which ideas are lured and then quietly strangled. - Barnett Cocks
whimsy	sfw	A cynic is not merely one who reads bitter lessons from the past; he is one who is prematurely disappointed in the future. - Sydney J. Harris
whimsy	sfw	A difference of opinion is what makes horse racing and missionaries. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	A different world cannot be built by indifferent people. - Horace Mann
whimsy	sfw	A fire drill does not demand a fire.
whimsy	sfw	A fool and his money are soon elected. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him I may think aloud. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
whimsy	sfw	A good traveller has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving. - Lao Tzu
whimsy	sfw	A good way to keep a mob of peasants from killing your monster is when they break into your castle, make them be real quiet, then open a door and there's the monster, sound asleep. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	A good way to threaten somebody is to light a stick of dynamite. Then you call the guy and hold the burning fuse up to the phone. "Hear that?" you say. "That's dynamite, baby." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	A great many people think they are thinking when they are really rearranging their prejudices. - William James
whimsy	sfw	A holding company is a thing where you hand an accomplice the goods while the policeman searches you. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	A language that doesn’t affect the way you think about programming, is not worth knowing. - Alan Perlis
whimsy	sfw	A man demonstrates his rationality, not by a commitment to fixed ideas, stereotyped procedures, or immutable concepts, but by the manner in which, and the occasions on which, he changes those ideas, procedures, and concepts. - Stephen Toulmin (from Human Understanding )
whimsy	sfw	A man doesn't automatically get my respect. He has to get down in the dirt and beg for it. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	A man may be very industrious, and yet not spend his time well. There is no more fatal blunderer than he who consumes the greater part of life getting his living. - Henry David Thoreau
whimsy	sfw	A man once asked Chuck Norris if his real name is "Charles". Chuck Norris did not respond, he simply stared at him until he exploded.
whimsy	sfw	A man once taunted Chuck Norris with a bag of Lay's potato chips, saying "Betcha can't eat just one!" Chuck Norris proceeded to eat the chips, the bag, and the man in one deft move.
whimsy	sfw	A man only learns in two ways, one by reading, and the other by association with smarter people. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	A man's only as old as the woman he feels. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	A moment’s thought would have shown him. But a moment is a long time, and thought is a painful process. - J. E. Houseman
whimsy	sfw	A movie scene depicting Chuck Norris losing a fight with Bruce Lee was the product of history's most expensive visual effect. When adjusted for inflation, the effect cost more than the Gross National Product of Paraguay.
whimsy	sfw	A person hears only what they understand. - Johann Wolfgang Goethe
whimsy	sfw	A person is able to understand only when he solves the problem by himself. - Peter Dunov
whimsy	sfw	A person's a person, no matter how Ralph.
whimsy	sfw	A picture is worth a thousand words. A Chuck Norris is worth 1 billion words.
whimsy	sfw	A problem well stated is a problem half solved. - Charles F. Kettering
whimsy	sfw	A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant. - Alan Perlis
whimsy	sfw	A question mark does not a question make. - Anonymous (thanks @jakevsrobots)
whimsy	sfw	A quiz: If I am my brother's keeper, who am I? (Answer: me.) -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	A remark generally hurts in proportion to its truth. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	A sense of duty is useful in work but offensive in personal relations. - Bertrand Russell
whimsy	sfw	A severed foot is the ultimate stocking stuffer. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	A ship in harbor is safe —- but that is not what ships are for. - John A. Shedd
whimsy	sfw	A single conversation across the table with a wise man is worth a month’s study of books. - Chinese proverb
whimsy	sfw	A single event can awaken within us a stranger totally unknown to us. To live is to be slowly born. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
whimsy	sfw	A study showed the leading causes of death in the United States are:
whimsy	sfw	A thought is harmless unless we believe it. - Byron Katie
whimsy	sfw	A trained ape could not teach gym.
whimsy	sfw	A truly great book should be read in youth, again in maturity and once more in old age, as a fine building should be seen by morning light, at noon and by moonlight. - Robertson Davies
whimsy	sfw	A variable is to data flow what GOTO is to control flow. Just as GOTO allows control to go anywhere, a variable allows data to go anywhere. - Arch D Robinson
whimsy	sfw	A waffle is like a pancake with a syrup trap. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	A woman drove me to drink and I didn't even have the decency to thank her. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	A woman is an occasional pleasure but a cigar is always a smoke. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	A ‘No’ uttered from the deepest conviction is better than a ‘Yes’ uttered to please, or worse, to avoid trouble. - Gandhi
whimsy	sfw	A: None, Chuck Norris prefers to kill in the dark.
whimsy	sfw	About all I can say for the United States Senate is that it opens with a prayer and closes with an investigation. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it. - Hardy D. Jackson
whimsy	sfw	Absolute power corrupts absolutely. Which is a problem. If you are powerless. - Drago Musevini, "Manifesto", CY 8433
whimsy	sfw	Abstaining is favorable both to the head and the pocket. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Abundance is not something we acquire. It is something we tune into. - Wayne Dyer
whimsy	sfw	Accept — then act. Whatever the present moment contains, accept it as if you had chosen it. Always work with it, not against it. - Eckhart Tolle
whimsy	sfw	According to Einstein's theory of relativity, Chuck Norris can actually roundhouse kick you yesterday.
whimsy	sfw	According to the Bible, God created the universe in six days. Before that, Chuck Norris created God by snapping his fingers.
whimsy	sfw	Actually the copies of characters is something I don't particularly like to talk about in articles but just for your information, most characters there's only one. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	Actually, I began to think that maybe there is a god, after all. Or maybe it's a different one. The old one got fired. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	Adding "just kidding" doesn't make it okay to insult the principal.
whimsy	sfw	Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have for something they don't need. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Advice is what we ask for when we already know the answer but wish we didn’t. - Erica Jong
whimsy	sfw	After I die, wherever my spirit goes, I'm going to try to get back and visit my skeleton at least once a year, because, "Hey, old buddy, how's it going?" -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	After returning from World War 2 unscathed, Bob Dole was congratulated by Chuck Norris with a handshake. The rest is history.
whimsy	sfw	After taking a steroids test doctors informed Chuck Norris that he had tested positive. He laughed upon receiving this information, and said "of course my urine tested positive, what do you think they make steroids from?"
whimsy	sfw	Age is not a particularly interesting subject. Anyone can get old. All you have to do is live long enough. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Ah, the patter of little feet around the house. There's nothing like having a midget for a butler. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Alexander Hamilton started the U.S. Treasury with nothing, and that was the closest our country has ever been to being even. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Aliens DO indeed exist. They just know better than to visit a planet that Chuck Norris is on.
whimsy	sfw	Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	All I know is just what I read in the papers, and that's an alibi for my ignorance. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	All great truths begin as blasphemies. - George Bernard Shaw
whimsy	sfw	All it takes is a little imagination, some mechanical ability, and neighbors who mind their own business.
whimsy	sfw	All of us kids ended up 'doing Mom.' There are four of us who've tried show business. Five if you insist on counting my sister the nun, who does liturgical dance. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	All people are born alike - except Republicans and Democrats. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	All progress has resulted from people who took unpopular positions. - Adlai E. Stevenson
whimsy	sfw	All religions are equally sublime to the ignorant, useful to the politician and ridiculous to the philosopher. - Lucretius
whimsy	sfw	All roads lead to Chuck Norris. And by the transitive property, a roundhouse kick to the face.
whimsy	sfw	All the men in my family were bearded, and most of the women. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	All these jokes have been pre-approved as funny by me. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	All things are difficult before they are easy. - Thomas Fuller
whimsy	sfw	All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident. - Arthur Schopenhauer
whimsy	sfw	All violence is the result of people tricking themselves into believing that their pain derives from other people and that consequently those people deserve to be punished. - Marshall Rosenberg
whimsy	sfw	All wars are civil wars, because all men are brothers… Each one owes infinitely more to the human race than to the particular country in which he was born. - Francois Fenelon
whimsy	sfw	All work and no play makes Bart a dull boy.
whimsy	sfw	All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
whimsy	sfw	Along with his black belt, Chuck Norris often chooses to wear brown shoes. No one has DARED call him on it. Ever.
whimsy	sfw	Although we think that we think, most of the time we are being thought by the collective mind, the hypnosis of conditioning. - Deepak Chopra
whimsy	sfw	Always carry a flagon of whiskey in case of snakebite and furthermore always carry a small snake. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Always the beautiful answer who asks a more beautiful question. - e.e. cummings
whimsy	sfw	Always two there are, a master and an apprentice. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus Flytrap. The flytrap can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus's-flytrap. The flytrap can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	America is a nation that conceives many odd inventions for getting somewhere but it can think of nothing to do once it gets there. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	America is becoming so educated that ignorance will be a novelty. I will belong to the select few. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	An adventure is only an inconvenience rightly considered. An inconvenience is an adventure wrongly considered. - G. K. Chesterton
whimsy	sfw	An angry man opens his mouth and shuts his eyes. - Cato The Elder
whimsy	sfw	An approximate answer to the right problem is worth a good deal more than an exact answer to an approximate problem. - John Tukey
whimsy	sfw	An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	An escalator can never break: it can only become stairs. You should never see an Escalator Temporarily Out Of Order sign, just Escalator Temporarily Stairs. Sorry for the convenience. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind. - Gandhi
whimsy	sfw	An ignorant person is one who doesn't know what you have just found out. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	An onion can make people cry but there's never been a vegetable that can make people laugh. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Ancient Rome declined because it had a Senate, now what's going to happen to us with both a House and a Senate? ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	And I don't like to work. I only like working when I'm working. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	And men, remember, if the women don't find you handsome, they should at least find you handy.
whimsy	sfw	And the best part is, Junior doesn't need a license to fly it. Apparently, it qualifies as a 'manned kite'. Or a 'manned lightning rod'; we'll see.
whimsy	sfw	And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom. - Anaïs Nin
whimsy	sfw	And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music. - Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche (or George Carlin? Uncertain)
whimsy	sfw	And to the rest of you, thanks for watching. On behalf of myself and Harold and the whole gang up here at Possum Lodge... keep your stick on the ice.
whimsy	sfw	And to think we made this out of old rear ends. Actually, you can tell.
whimsy	sfw	Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom. - Søren Kierkegaard
whimsy	sfw	Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex and more violent. It takes a touch of genius and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction - E. F. Schumacher
whimsy	sfw	Any man, in the right situation, is capable of murder. But not any man is capable of being a good camper. So, murder and camping are not as similar as you might think. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Any story that you tell about yourself is food for the ego. There is no authentic story. - Byron Katie
whimsy	sfw	Any sufficiently complicated C or Fortran program contains an ad hoc, informally-specified, bug-ridden, slow implementation of half of Common Lisp. - Philip Greenspun
whimsy	sfw	Anybody who has an identity problem had better wise up and get with the program! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Anyone who hates children and animals can't be all bad. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Anything important is never left to the vote of the people. We only get to vote on some man; we never get to vote on what he is to do. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Anytime I see something screech across a room and latch onto someone's neck, and the guy screams and tries to get it off, I have to laugh, because what IS that thing?! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Anytime I see something screech across a room and latch onto someone's neck, and the guy screams and tries to get it off, I have to laugh, because what is that thing? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Anytime I see something screech across a room and latch onto someones neck, and the guy screams and tries to get it off, I have to laugh, because what is that thing. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	April showers do not bring Matt Lauers.
whimsy	sfw	April showers do not date the President.
whimsy	sfw	Archeologists unearthed an old english dictionary dating back to the year 1236. It defined "victim" as "one who has encountered Chuck Norris"
whimsy	sfw	Are you a monster? Are you a freak? Will you be my friend! Or have you lost your way. With trouble to pay, When you come to your journey's end? Empyrium Lullaby, CY 8745
whimsy	sfw	Are you willing to let go of all you hold dear to grasp what is real? - N. Robison 01/01/09
whimsy	sfw	Art is a lie that makes us realize truth. - Picasso
whimsy	sfw	Art is the elimination of the unnecessary. - Pablo Picasso
whimsy	sfw	As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it that was very pleasurable - until I realized it wasn't a nectarine at all, but A HUMAN HEAD!! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it that was very pleasurable---until I realized it wasn't a nectarine at all, but A HUMAN HEAD!! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	As President Roosevelt said: "We have nothing to fear but fear itself. And Chuck Norris."
whimsy	sfw	As an infant, Chuck Norris' parents gave him a toy hammer. He gave the world Stonehenge.
whimsy	sfw	As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain; and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	As long as you have certain desires about how it ought to be you can’t see how it is. - Ram Dass
whimsy	sfw	As long as you make an identity for yourself out of pain, you cannot be free of it. - Eckhart Tolle
whimsy	sfw	As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand. - Josh Billings
whimsy	sfw	As tedious as arguing about definitions is, it can’t hold a candle to arguing without definitions. - David R MacIver
whimsy	sfw	As the State is a soulless machine, it can never be weaned from violence to which it owes its very existence. - Mohandas K. Gandhi
whimsy	sfw	As the evening sky faded from a salmon color to a sort of flint gray, I thought back to the salmon I caught that morning, and how gray he was, and how I named him Flint. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	As the evening sun faded from a salmon color to a sort of flint gray, I thought back to the salmon I caught that morning, and how gray he was, and how I named him Flint. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	As the light changed from red to green to yellow and back to red again, I sat there thinking about life. Was it nothing more than a bunch of honking and yelling? Sometimes it seemed that way. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	As the sleek new sports car wound its way up the tortuous road, Henri tought back to the torture he had received ten minutes ago. "Ah, air conditioning", he thought as he aimed the vents toward the numerous whip marks on his legs, chest, and groinal area. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	As the snow started to fall, he tugged his coat tighter around himself. Too tight, as it turned out. "This is the fourth coat crushing this year", said the sergeant as he outlined the body with a special pencil that writes on snow. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	As you get older, you realize you can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes, you can get yet another financial setback.
whimsy	sfw	As you inquire into issues and turn judgments around, you come to see that every perceived problem appearing ‘out there’ is really nothing more than a misperception within your own thinking. - Byron Katie
whimsy	sfw	Assumptions are the termites of relationships. - Henry Winkler
whimsy	sfw	At first people refuse to believe that a strange new thing can be done. Then they begin to hope it can be done. Then they see it can be done. Then it is done and all the world wonders why it was not done centuries ago. - Frances Hodgson Burnett
whimsy	sfw	At the University of Maryland, my first year I started off planning to major in art because I was interested in theatre design, stage design or television design. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	At the first screening, there were a lot of areas that we went around and around about. Then we had our second screening. It played better. It's almost a reasonable length film now! -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	At the time of Polaroid - and I did a couple of other commercials just before I stopped doing that stuff - at that point I was at the level where they respect you and your opinion and all that sort of thing. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	At times failure is very necessary for the artist. It reminds him that failure is not the ultimate disaster. And this reminder liberates him from the mean fussing of perfectionism. - John Berger
whimsy	sfw	Awards are meaningless to me, and I have nothing but disdain for anyone who actively campaigns to get one. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	Awareness is the key. Do we see the stories that we’re telling ourselves and question their validity? - Pema Chödrön
whimsy	sfw	Bart is at a Doctor's appointment
whimsy	sfw	Bart's earned a day off.
whimsy	sfw	Basically, there are three ways the skunk and I are a lot alike. The first is, we both like to spread our "stink" around. The second is we both get hit by cars a lot. The third is stripes. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Batman is not 'nothing' without his utility belt.
whimsy	sfw	Be a Columbus to whole new continents and worlds within you, opening new channels, not of trade, but of thought. - Henry David Thoreau
whimsy	sfw	Be generous with the duct tape, you know; spare the duct tape, spoil the job.
whimsy	sfw	Be patient toward all that is unsolved in your heart and try to love the questions themselves. Do not now seek the answers, which cannot be given you because you would not be able to live them. And the point is to live everything. Live the questions. - Rainer Maria Rilke
whimsy	sfw	Be silent or let thy words be worth more than silence. - Pythagoras
whimsy	sfw	Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Be the best you can be... considering.
whimsy	sfw	Beans are neither fruit nor musical.
whimsy	sfw	Beauty is a consequential thing, a product of solving problems correctly. - Joseph Esherick
whimsy	sfw	Beauty is the first test: there is no permanent place in this world for ugly mathematics. - G. H. Hardy, A Mathematician’s Apology
whimsy	sfw	Beer in a milk carton is not milk.
whimsy	sfw	Before I speak, I have something important to say. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Before each filming of Walker: Texas Ranger, Chuck Norris is injected with fourteen times the lethal dose of elephant tranquilzer. This is, of course, to limit his strength and mobility, in an attempt to lower the fatality rate of the actors he fights.
whimsy	sfw	Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Behind every successful man, there is a woman. Behind every dead man, there is Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	Being a hero is about the shortest-lived profession on earth. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Being right sucks.
whimsy	sfw	Being too early is indistinguishable from being wrong. - Tim O’Reilly
whimsy	sfw	Belief is not merely an idea that the mind possesses; it is an idea that possesses the mind . - Robert Bolt
whimsy	sfw	Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense. - Buddha
whimsy	sfw	Beneath knowing, understanding Beneath understanding, seeing Beneath seeing, recognizing Beneath recognizing, knowing -- Keeper of the Way, Vision of Faith, CY 10003
whimsy	sfw	Better not take a dog on the space shuttle, because if he sticks his head out when you're coming home his face might burn up. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Better not take a dog on the space shuttle, because if he sticks his head out when you're coming home, his face might burn up. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Between stimulus and response there is a space. In that space lies our freedom. - Viktor Frankl
whimsy	sfw	Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance - George Bernard Shaw
whimsy	sfw	Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance. - George Bernard Shaw
whimsy	sfw	Big, big week up at the lodge this week.
whimsy	sfw	Birds born in a cage think flying is an illness. - Alejandro Jodorowsky
whimsy	sfw	Blink and it's gone A moment, a breath A Dance of the Mayflies Just enough... For a lifetime. - Ulatempa Poetess, "Rhythms", CY 9825
whimsy	sfw	Blow ye winds, Like the trumpet blows; But without that noise. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Blow ye winds, like the trumpet blows; but without that noise. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Bologna is a deli meat for people with eyes. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	Broken promises don't upset me. I just think, why did they believe me? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	But I can only take so much TV, because there is so much advice. I find people will preach about virtually anything - your diet, how to live your life, how to improve your golf. The lot. I have always had a thing against the Mister Know-It-Alls. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	But Uncle Red, you cannot make a fine quality lager using Kool-Aid technology!
whimsy	sfw	But with The Dark Crystal, instead of puppetry we're trying to go toward a sense of realism - toward a reality of creatures that are actually alive and we're mixing up puppetry and all kinds of other techniques. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	Buy land. They ain't making any more of the stuff. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Buzz Sherwood: How old are you, Red? Red Green: 47. Harold Green: You're 56! Red Green: I'm 52. Harold Green: Gotcha! [Pumps his arms in victory] Oh, oh, oh! Yeah!
whimsy	sfw	By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better & prepare for a better future. - Thich Nhat Hanh
whimsy	sfw	Cafeteria trays are not toboggans.
whimsy	sfw	Caged birds accept each other but flight is what they long for. - Tennessee Williams
whimsy	sfw	Call your mother during the commercials.
whimsy	sfw	Can something be true and funny at the same time, like “Your head looks like a melon”? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Can you remain unmoving / till the right action arises by itself? - Lao Tzu
whimsy	sfw	Can't the Marx Brothers be arrested and maybe even tortured for all the confusion and problems they've caused? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Canada - - vast... beautiful... unspoiled... [sounds of tires screeching, and the Possum Van abruptly appears and races by in front of the camera, shattering the scene's peaceful tranquility] UNTIL the Red Green Show!
whimsy	sfw	Candy canes are not elf bones.
whimsy	sfw	Carl would have to be fast to beat the stranger. Real fast. "Draw," said the stranger. Carl went for his gun, but then "Hey, where did all these angels come from?" -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Chalkboarding is not torture.
whimsy	sfw	Change is painful, yet pain is changeful. - Anonymous
whimsy	sfw	Chaotic action is preferable to orderly inaction. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved. - Helen Adams Keller
whimsy	sfw	Children need encouragement. So if a kid gets an answer right, tell him it was a lucky guess. That way, he develops a good, lucky feeling. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Children should neither be seen or heard from - ever again. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Chili fries do not go in like a lamb and out like a lion
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris CAN in fact 'raise the roof'. And he can do it with one hand.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris actually built the stairway to heaven.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris actually owns IBM. It was an extremely hostile takeover.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris always knows the EXACT location of Carmen SanDiego.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris and Justin Bieber once had a singing contest, the loser had to never hit puberty.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris and Mr. T walked into a bar. The bar was instantly destroyed, as that level of awesome cannot be contained in one building.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris and Superman once fought each other on a bet. The loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris began selling the Total Gym as an ill-fated attempt to make his day-to-day opponents less laughably pathetic.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris brushes his teeth with a mixture of iron shavings, industrial paint remover, and wood-grain alcohol.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris built a better mousetrap, but the world was too frightened to beat a path to his door.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris built a time machine and went back in time to stop the JFK assassination. As Oswald shot, Chuck met all three bullets with his beard, deflecting them. JFK's head exploded out of sheer amazement.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can be unlocked on the hardest level of Tekken. But only Chuck Norris is skilled enough to unlock himself. Then he roundhouse kicks the Playstation back to Japan.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can cut through a hot knife with butter
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can do a roundhouse kick faster than the speed of light. This means that if you turn on a light switch, you will be dead before the lightbulb turns on.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can drink an entire gallon of milk in thirty-seven seconds.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can judge a book by its cover.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can jump-start a car using jumper cables attached to his nipples.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can kick through all 6 degrees of separation, hitting anyone, anywhere, in the face, at any time.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can light a fire by rubbing two ice-cubes together.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can sharpen a lightsaber
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can skeletize a cow in two minutes.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can taste lies.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can whistle in five different languages, including sign language
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can win a game of Trivial Pursuit with one roll of the dice, and without answering a single question... just a nod of the head, and a stroke of the beard.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can win at solitaire with only 18 cards.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris can't finish a "color by numbers" because his markers are filled with the blood of his victims. Unfortunately, all blood is dark red.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris cannot love, he can only not kill.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris crossed the road. No one has ever dared question his motives.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris describes human beings as "a sociable holder for blood and guts".
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because Chuck Norris only recognizes the element of surprise.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris did in fact, build Rome in a day.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris did not "lose" his virginity, he stalked it and then destroyed it with extreme prejudice.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris does not "style" his hair. It lays perfectly in place out of sheer terror.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris does not eat. Food understands that the only safe haven from Chuck Norris' fists is inside his own body.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris does not get frostbite. Chuck Norris bites frost.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris does not have to answer the phone. His beard picks up the incoming electrical impulses and translates them into audible sound.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris does not hunt because the word hunting implies the probability of failure. Chuck Norris goes killing.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris does not own a house. He walks into random houses and people move.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris does not own a stove, oven, or microwave , because revenge is a dish best served cold.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris does not play the lottery. It doesn't have nearly enough balls.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies. He potato-sacks them.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris does not wear a condom. Because there is no such thing as protection from Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris does, in fact, live in a round house.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't actually write books, the words assemble themselves out of fear.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't believe in Germany.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't believe in ravioli. He stuffs a live turtle with beef and smothers it in pig's blood.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't bowl strikes, he just knocks down one pin and the other nine faint.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't chew gum. Chuck Norris chews tin foil.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't daydream. He's too busy giving other people nightmares.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the sh*t out of it
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't go on the internet, he has every internet site stored in his memory. He refreshes webpages by blinking.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't have blood. He is filled with magma.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't kill two birds with one stone. Chuck Norris kills all birds, with two stones. The ones in his pants.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't look both ways before he crosses the street... he just roundhouses any cars that get too close.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't own a can opener, he just chews through the can.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't play god. Playing is for children.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't say "who's your daddy", because he knows the answer.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't see dead people. He makes people dead.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't step on toes. Chuck Norris steps on necks.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't stub his toes. He accidentally destroys chairs, bedframes, and sidewalks.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn't throw up if he drinks too much. Chuck Norris throws down!
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesnt shave; he kicks himself in the face. The only thing that can cut Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesnt wear a watch, HE decides what time it is.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris doesn’t wear a watch. HE decides what time it is.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris drinks napalm to quell his heartburn.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris eats beef jerky and craps gunpowder. Then, he uses that gunpowder to make a bullet, which he uses to kill a cow and make more beef jerky. Some people refer to this as the "Circle of Life."
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris eats steak for every single meal. Most times he forgets to kill the cow.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris enjoys a good practical joke. His favorite is where he removes your lower intestine and pretends to make a balloon animal out of it. Then he cracks your skull open with a Volvo for not complimenting him on his balloon animal.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris finished the Never Ending Story.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris got his drivers license at the age of 16. Seconds.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris grinds his coffee with his teeth and boils the water with his own rage.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris had to stop washing his clothes in the ocean. The tsunamis were killing people.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris has 12 moons. One of those moons is the Earth.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris has a deep and abiding respect for human life... unless it gets in his way.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris has banned rainbows from the state of North Dakota.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris has counted to infinity. Twice.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris has never been accused of murder for the simple fact that his roundhouse kicks are recognized world-wide as "acts of God."
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris has never been in a fight, ever. Do you call one roundhouse kick to the face a fight?
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris has never won an Academy Award for acting... because he's not acting.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris has the greatest Poker-Face of all time. He won the 1983 World Series of Poker, despite holding only a Joker, a Get out of Jail Free Monopoloy card, a 2 of clubs, 7 of spades and a green #4 card from the game UNO.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris has to register every part of his body as a separate lethal weapon. His spleen is considered a concealed weapon in over 50 states.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris has volunteered to remain on earth after the Rapture; he will spend his time fighting the Anti-Christ.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris invented all 32 letters of the alphabet.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris invented black. In fact, he invented the entire spectrum of visible light. Except pink. Tom Cruise invented pink.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris invented his own type of karate. It's called Chuck-Will-Kill.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris invented the bolt-action rifle, liquor, sexual intercourse, and football-- in that order.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is a vegetarian. Meaning, he does not eat animals until first he puts them into vegetative state with his fists.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is currently suing myspace for taking the name of what he calls everything around you.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is expected to win gold in every swimming competition at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, even though Chuck Norris does not swim. This is because when Chuck Norris enters the water, the water gets out of his way and Chuck Norris simply walks across the pool floor.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is his own line at the DMV.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is not Irish. His hair is soaked in the blood of his victims.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is not Politically Correct. He is just Correct. Always.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is responsible for China's over-population. He hosted a Karate tournament in Beijing and all women within 1,000 miles became pregnant instantly.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is so fast, he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is the only man who has, literally, beaten the odds. With his fists.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is the only person in the world that can actually email a roundhouse kick.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is the only person to ever win a staring contest against Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder at the same time.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is the only person who can simultaneously hold and fire FIVE Uzis: One in each hand, one in each foot -- and the 5th one he roundhouse-kicks into the air, so that it sprays bullets.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris is widely predicted to be first black president. If you're thinking to yourself, "But Chuck Norris isn't black", then you are dead wrong. And stop being a racist.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris just says "no" to drugs. If he said "yes", it would collapse Colombia's infrastructure.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris keeps his friends close and his enemies closer. Close enough to drop them with one round house kick to the face.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris kills anyone that asks, "You want fries with that" because by now everyone should know that Chuck doesn't ever want fries with anything. Ever.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris knows everything there is to know - Except for the definition of mercy.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris knows the last digit of pi.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris likes his coffee half and half: half coffee grounds, half wood-grain alcohol.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris likes his ice like he likes his skulls: crushed.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris made a Happy Meal cry.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris neither melts in your mouth nor in your hand. He shreds your trachea before ravaging your soul with a combination of chocolate, whickey, roundhouse kicks and death. Oh, and pain. Lots of pain.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris never goes to the dentist because his teeth are unbreakable. His enemies never go to the dentist because they have no teeth.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris never has to wax his skis because they're always slick with blood.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris never loses at dodgeball because the ball wants to dodge Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris never wet his bed as a child. The bed wet itself out of fear.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once ate a whole cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper in it.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once ate four 30lb bowling balls without chewing.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once challenged Lance Armstrong in a "Who has more testicles?" contest. Chuck Norris won by 5.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once created a flamethrower by urinating into a lighter.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once got bit by a rattle snake........ After three days of pain and agony ..................the rattle snake died
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once invited all of the other badasses from TV to duke it out in order to see who was the supreme badass. Only two showed up-- Jack Bauer and MacGyver.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once lost the remote, but maintained control of the TV by yelling at it in between bites of his "Filet of Child" sandwich.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once ordered a steak in a restaurant. The steak did what it was told.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once participated in the running of the bulls. He walked.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once pulled out a single hair from his beard and skewered three men through the heart with it.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once rode a bull, and nine months later it had a calf.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once rode a nine foot grizzly bear through an automatic car wash, instead of taking a shower.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once round-house kicked a salesman. Over the phone.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once roundhouse-kicked a ten dollar bill into 200 nickels.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once shat blood - the blood of 11,940 natives he had killed and eaten.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once skewered a man with the Eiffel tower.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once sued Burger King after they refused to put razor wire in his Whopper Jr, insisting that that actually is "his" way.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once sued the Houghton-Mifflin textbook company when it became apparent that their account of the war of 1812 was plagiarized from his autobiography.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke....that truck is now known as Optimus Prime.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once went skydiving, but promised never to do it again. One Grand Canyon is enough.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris once worked as a weatherman for the San Diego evening news. Every night he would make the same forecast: Partly cloudy with a 75% chance of Pain.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King, and got one.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris originally wrote the first dictionary. The definition for each word is as follows - A swift roundhouse kick to the face.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris owns a chain of fast-food restaurants throughout the southwest. They serve nothing but barbecue-flavored ice cream and Hot Pockets.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris played Russian Roulette with a fully loaded gun and won.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris plays racquetball with a waffle iron and a bowling ball.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris proved that we are alone in the universe. We weren't before his first space expedition.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris qualified with a top speed of 324 mph at the Daytona 500, without a car.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris recently had the idea to sell his urine as a canned beverage. We know this beverage as Red Bull.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks don't really kill people. They wipe out their entire existence from the space-time continuum.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris runs on batteries. Specifically, Die Hards.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris sheds his skin twice a year.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris shot the sheriff, but he round house kicked the deputy.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris smells what the Rock is cooking... because the Rock is Chuck Norris' personal chef.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris starts everyday with a protein shake made from Carnation Instant Breakfast, one dozen eggs, pure Colombian cocaine, and rattlesnake venom. He injects it directly into his neck with a syringe.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 people, then the grenade exploded.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris used to play baseball. When Babe Ruth was hailed as the better player, Chuck Norris killed him with a baseball bat to the throat. Lou Gehrig got off easy.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris uses 8'x10' sheets of plywood as toilet paper.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris uses a night light. Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris uses tabasco sauce instead of visine.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris was banned from competitive bullriding after a 1992 exhibition in San Antonio, when he rode the bull 1,346 miles from Texas to Milwaukee Wisconsin to pick up his dry cleaning.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris was in all 6 Star Wars movies............... As The Force.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris was once in a knife fight, and the knife lost.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris was once on Jeopardy. This show is notable in that it was the first occasion in Jeopardy history that Alex Trebek had appeared without a mustache. And a head.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris was once stabbed by a knife, the knife bled to death.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris was once struck by lightning...Thats why lightning never strikes the same place twice...because Chuck Norris is looking for it...
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris was the orginal sculptor of Mount Rushmore. He completed the entire project using only a bottle opener and a drywall trowel.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris was what Willis was talkin' about.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris wears a live rattlesnake as a condom.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris won at connect four....On the opponents turn...
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris' Roundhouse kick is so powerful, that on the set of Sidekicks he single-footedly destroyed Jonathan Brandis' Career.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris' credit cards have no limit. Last weekend, he maxed them out.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris' favorite cereal is Kellogg's Nails 'N' Gravel.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris' favourite cut of meat is the roundhouse.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris' first job was as a paperboy. There were no survivors.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris' house has no doors, only walls that he walks through.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris' pulse is measured on the richter scale.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick is so powerful, it can be seen from outer space by the naked eye.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris' sperm can be seen with the naked eye. Each one is the size of a quarter.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried. Ever.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris' testicles do not produce sperm. They produce tiny white ninjas that recognize only one mission: seek and destroy.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris's show is called Walker: Texas Ranger, because Chuck Norris doesn't run.
whimsy	sfw	Chuck Norris's version of a "chocolate milkshake" is a raw porterhouse wrapped around ten Hershey bars, and doused in diesel fuel.
whimsy	sfw	Class clown is not a paid position.
whimsy	sfw	Coffee is not for kids.
whimsy	sfw	Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	Communism to me is one-third practice and two-thirds explanation. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Complexity grows incrementally. Regaining simplicity requires a revolution. - Conal Elliott
whimsy	sfw	Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. - Edsger Dijkstra
whimsy	sfw	Consider the daffodil. And while you're doing that, I'll be over here, looking through your stuff. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Contrary to popular belief, America is not a democracy, it is a Chucktatorship.
whimsy	sfw	Contrary to popular belief, the Titanic didn't hit an iceberg. The ship was off course and accidentally ran into Chuck Norris while he was doing the backstroke across the Atlantic.
whimsy	sfw	Contrary to popular belief, the most dangerous animal is not the lion or tiger or even the elephant. The most dangerous animal is a shark riding on an elephant, just trampling and eating everything they see. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Contrary to popular belief, there is indeed enough Chuck Norris to go around.
whimsy	sfw	Contrary to what most people say, the most dangerous animal in the world is not the lion or the tiger or even the elephant. It's a shark riding on an elephant's back, just trampling and eating everything they see. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Count from one to ten. That's how long it would take Chuck Norris to kill you...Fourty seven times.
whimsy	sfw	Courage is the power to let go of the familiar. - Lindquist
whimsy	sfw	Creativity arises out of the state of thoughtless presence in which you are much more awake than when you are engrossed in thinking. - Eckhart Tolle
whimsy	sfw	Creativity, as has been said, consists largely of rearranging what we know in order to find out what we do not know. Hence, to think creatively, we must be able to look afresh at what we normally take for granted. - George Kneller
whimsy	sfw	Culture is a plot against the expansion of consciousness. - Terence McKenna
whimsy	sfw	Curiosity is a willing, a proud, an eager confession of ignorance. - S. Leonard Rubinstein
whimsy	sfw	Cursive writing does not mean what I think it does.
whimsy	sfw	Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Dad swears he'll get his taxes in soon.
whimsy	sfw	Dalton Humphrey: Hail, Caesar! Red Green: What the HAIL are you doing, Dalton?
whimsy	sfw	Dalton Humphrey: How deep is the deepest part of the ocean? Mike? Mike Hamar: Uh, twelve thousand miles. Dalton Humphrey: You're high. Mike Hamar: No, I'm just nervous.
whimsy	sfw	Dalton Humphrey: It's very dangerous to handle something if you don't know where it's been! Red Green: Oh, really? Is that why Anne-Marie never holds your hand?
whimsy	sfw	Dalton Humphrey: Red, I need to talk to you. Red Green: What explosion? I didn't hear anything.
whimsy	sfw	Dalton Humphrey: [eagerly] Come on over here and let me show you how the internet works, Red! Red Green: [in a tone of weary disinterest] Yeah, yeah, I already know - - dubya-dubya-dubya-dot-sit-on-your-BUTT-for-twelve-hours-a-day-dot-com!
whimsy	sfw	Dalton Humphrey: [hearing the squeal of the possum, just moments after having accidentally blown up Red's computer by screwing a plum into the fusebox] Meeting time. Red Green: Yeah, you go ahead, Mr. Gates - - I'll be down in a minute.
whimsy	sfw	Dalton Humphries: Never say to a woman that anything she does is silly. Red Green: Otherwise, she might mention that spice rack you built her. Dalton Humphries: Or that new fishing hat. Red Green: Or that silly lodge you joined.
whimsy	sfw	Dalton Humphries: Well, your dad taught you about the birds and the bees, didn't he? Red Green: No, he just gave me a book by Mickey Spillane called "Kiss Me Deadly" and he said this is what married people do. I thought he meant shoot each other and have car chases.
whimsy	sfw	Dalton Humphries: What about you, Red? Is there anything you can do to set a world record? Red Green: Well, I could, but that's kind of between Bernice and I. I'm pretty sure they don't have that category. Winston Rothschild: [looking at the book] Oh, no, snoring is in here.
whimsy	sfw	Dalton Humphries: Why don't you just call a tow truck? Red Green: A tow truck? That's a hundred bucks, Dalton. I can replace the van for 75.
whimsy	sfw	Dalton Humphries: [showing Red a bouquet of flowers for show's return] I went to a lot of trouble to get these. Cemetery gates were locked when I got there.
whimsy	sfw	Dare to be naive. - R. Buckminster Fuller
whimsy	sfw	Daylight savings isn't something I can spend
whimsy	sfw	Death is not extinguishing the light; it is putting out the lamp because the dawn has come. - Rabindranath Tagore
whimsy	sfw	Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live. - Norman Cousins
whimsy	sfw	Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience
whimsy	sfw	Democrats never agree on anything, that's why they're Democrats. If they agreed with each other, they would be Republicans. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Dialogue requires space, time, and a calm spirit. People need to be given a chance to tune into themselves. Dialogue is a deep process. For me, this requires some quiet and inner peace — and some time for interaction. - Bob Niederman
whimsy	sfw	Diamonds are not, despite popular belief, carbon. They are, in fact, Chuck Norris fecal matter. This was proven a recently, when scientific analysis revealed what appeared to be Jean-Claude Van Damme bone fragments inside the Hope Diamond.
whimsy	sfw	Did the Vikings have jokes, and, if so, were they surprisingly gentle? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Diplomats are just as essential to starting a war as soldiers are for finishing it... You take diplomacy out of war, and the thing would fall flat in a week. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Dirty clothes are not a Mother's day gift.
whimsy	sfw	Discontent is the first step in the progress of a man or a nation. - Oscar Wilde
whimsy	sfw	Discovery consists of seeing what everybody has seen and thinking what nobody has thought. - Albert von Szent-Gyorgy
whimsy	sfw	Discovery is the ability to be puzzled by simple things. - Noam Chomsky
whimsy	sfw	Do insects have a sense of humor, and does it involve stinging you? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Do not be too moral. You may cheat yourself out of much of life. So aim above morality. Be not simply good; be good for something. - Henry David Thoreau
whimsy	sfw	Do not confuse your horizon with the edge of the world. - Seb Paquet
whimsy	sfw	Do not praise yourself not slander others: There are still many days to go and any thing could happen.
whimsy	sfw	Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Do you know what happens when you slice a golf ball in half? Someone gets mad at you. I found this out the hard way. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Do you know why Baskin Robbins only has 31 flavors? Because Chuck Norris doesn't like Fudge Ripple.
whimsy	sfw	Do you think I am standing here, making this up as I go? I am sorry to disillusion you. I am not Robin Williams. I am the king of the pen. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	Dodgeball stops at the gym door.
whimsy	sfw	Does any kid still do this anymore?
whimsy	sfw	Does he speak Latin or did he just have his teeth out?
whimsy	sfw	Dogs are forever in the push up postion. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	Don't adjust your set... the show's supposed to look like this.
whimsy	sfw	Don't ever get your speedometer confused with your clock, like I did once, because the faster you go, the later you think you are. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Don't gamble; take all your savings and buy some good stock and hold it till it goes up, then sell it. If it don't go up, don't buy it. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Don't let yesterday use up too much of today. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Don't think about your errors or failures; otherwise, you'll never do a thing. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	Don't worry about your heart, it will last you as long as you live. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Don't you just hate it when you come home from a hard day at the track and your wife hasn't shoveled the driveway? Next thing you know, not only is your car in the garage, but so is the door.
whimsy	sfw	Don’t Take Yes for an Answer - Anon
whimsy	sfw	Don’t ask what the world needs. Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it. Because what the world needs is people who have come alive. - Howard Thurman
whimsy	sfw	Don’t be afraid to take a big step if one is indicated. You can’t cross a chasm in two small jumps. - David Lloyd George
whimsy	sfw	Don’t choose one side of the argument. Learn to take both sides & work towards the middle. - Paul Ferrini
whimsy	sfw	Don’t keep searching for the truth, just let go of your opinions. - Buddha
whimsy	sfw	Don’t seek happiness. If you seek it, you won’t find it, because seeking is the antithesis of happiness. - Eckhart Tolle
whimsy	sfw	Don’t try to change people’s minds. People will change their own minds. Instead, design an experience that leads to a new way of thinking. - Dave Gray
whimsy	sfw	Doubt everything. Find your own light. - Buddha
whimsy	sfw	Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd. - Voltaire
whimsy	sfw	Dreams are the answers to questions that we haven’t yet figured out how to ask. - Fox Mulder
whimsy	sfw	Dreams have only one owner at a time. That’s why dreamers are lonely. - Erma Bombeck
whimsy	sfw	Drown in a cold vat of whiskey? Death, where is thy sting? -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	During the Middle Ages, probably one of the biggest mistakes was not putting on your armor because you were "just going down to the corner." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	During the Vietnam War, Chuck Norris allowed himself to be captured. For torture, they made him eat his own entrails. He asked for seconds.
whimsy	sfw	Each day a few more lies eat into the seed with which we are born, little institutional lies from the print of newspapers, the shock waves of television, and the sentimental cheats of the movie screen. - Norman Mailer
whimsy	sfw	Each time a man stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope. - Robert F. Kennedy
whimsy	sfw	Eating meat is like having kids - the less you know about it, the more likely you are to go ahead.
whimsy	sfw	Eating meat is like having kids: the less you know about it, the more likely you are to go ahead.
whimsy	sfw	Eating my vegetables is not a Mother's Day present.
whimsy	sfw	Education is a progressive discovery of our ignorance. - Will Durant
whimsy	sfw	Education is a state-controlled manufactory of echoes. - Norman Douglas
whimsy	sfw	Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. - Oscar Wilde
whimsy	sfw	Ego is a social institution with no physical reality. The ego is simply your symbol of yourself. - Alan Watts
whimsy	sfw	Either he's dead or my watch has stopped. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Either this man is dead or my watch has stopped. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	End of "Lost": It was all the dog's dream. Watch us.
whimsy	sfw	Enlightenment must come little by little—otherwise it would overwhelm. - Idries Shah
whimsy	sfw	Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Even though I was their captive, the Indians allowed me quite a bit of freedom. I could walk about freely, make my own meals, and even hurl large rocks at their heads. It was only later that I discovered they were not Indians at all, but dirty clothes hampers. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Even though he was an enemy of mine, I had to admit that what he had accomplished was a brilliant piece of strategy. First, he punched me, then he kicked me, then he punched me again. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Even though you are on the right track - you will get run over if you just sit there. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Ever notice that fast-burning fuse looks exactly the same as slow-burning fuse? I didn't...
whimsy	sfw	Every act of creation is first of all an act of destruction. - Picasso
whimsy	sfw	Every book is a children's book if the kid can read! -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	Every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority. - Thomas H. Huxley
whimsy	sfw	Every mall has three things the same: clothes, stores and benches for the husbands to sit on.
whimsy	sfw	Every nation makes decisions based on self-interest and defends them in the name of morality. - William Sloane Coffin
whimsy	sfw	Every problem contains within itself the seeds of its own solution. - Stanley Arnold
whimsy	sfw	Every really new idea looks crazy at first. - Abraham H. Maslow
whimsy	sfw	Every society honors its live conformists and its dead troublemakers. - Marshall McLuhan
whimsy	sfw	Every time Chuck Norris smiles, someone dies. Unless he smiles while he's roundhouse kicking someone in the face. Then two people die.
whimsy	sfw	Every time I go and shave, I assume there's someone else on the planet shaving. So I say, 'I'm gonna go shave, too.' -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	Every time someone uses the word "intense", Chuck Norris always replies "you know what else is intense?" followed by a roundhouse kick to the face.
whimsy	sfw	Every time you share your vision, you strengthen your own subconscious belief that you can achieve it. - Jack Canfield
whimsy	sfw	Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Everybody loves Raymond. Except Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	Everyone is tired of that Richard Gere story.
whimsy	sfw	Everything King Midas touches turnes to gold. Everything Chuck Norris touches turns up dead.
whimsy	sfw	Everything has changed, except our way of thinking. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	Everything is changing. People are taking their comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Everything is the same spirit watching itself through the eyes of different observers. - Depak Chopra
whimsy	sfw	Everything is vague to a degree you do not realize till you have tried to make it precise. - Bertrand Russell
whimsy	sfw	Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves. - Carl Jung
whimsy	sfw	Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you. - Wayne Dyer
whimsy	sfw	Everything you can imagine is real. - Pablo Picasso
whimsy	sfw	Everything you do consciously is preserved for you: everything you do mechanically, since you did not do it, is lost. - Maurice Nicoll (Psychological Commentaries on the Teaching of Gurdjieff and Ouspensky, volume 1, page 95)
whimsy	sfw	Everything you want is just outside your comfort zone. - Robert Allen
whimsy	sfw	Everything you want is out there waiting for you to ask. Everything you want also wants you. But you have to take action to get it. - Jack Canfield
whimsy	sfw	Exhale only love. - Rumi
whimsy	sfw	Expect problems and eat them for breakfast. - Alfred A. Montapert
whimsy	sfw	FP offers a unique opportunity to exploit a compositional approach to algorithms and show the effectiveness of math in programming - R. Bird
whimsy	sfw	Facts are God’s native tongue. - Michael Dowd
whimsy	sfw	Failures, repeated failures, are finger posts on the road to achievement. One fails forward toward success. - Charles F. Kettering
whimsy	sfw	Faith is a cop-out. If the only way you can accept an assertion is by faith, then you are conceding that it can’t be taken on its own merits. - Dan Barker
whimsy	sfw	Fear is not the only emotion Chuck Norris can smell. He can also detect hope, as in "I hope I don't get a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris."
whimsy	sfw	Fear of spiders is aracnaphobia, fear of tight spaces is chlaustraphobia, fear of Chuck Norris is called Logic
whimsy	sfw	Feel the wounded heart that’s underneath the addiction, self-loathing, or anger. - Pema Chödrön
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 1. Once you have their money, never give it back
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 10. A dead customer can't buy as much as a live one
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 100. Everything that has no owner, needs one
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 101. Never do something you can make someone do for you
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 102. Nature decays, but Latinum lasts forever
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 103. Sleep can interfere with opportunity
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 104. Money is never made. It is merely won or lost
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 105. Wise men don't lie, they just bend the truth
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 106. There is no honor in poverty
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 107. Win or lose, there's always Huyperian Beetle Snuff
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 108. A woman wearing clothes is like a man without profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 109. Dignity and an empty sack is worth the sack
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 11. Latinum isn't the only thing that shines
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 110. Only a fool passes up a business opportunity
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 111. Treat people in your debt like family ... exploit them
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 112. Never sleep with the boss's wife unless you pay him first
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 113. Never sleep with the boss's sister
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 114. Small print lead to large risk
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 115. Greed is eternal
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 116. There's always a way out
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 117. If the profit seems too good to be true, it usually is
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 118. Never cheat a honest man offering a decent price
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 119. Buy, sell, or get out of the way
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 12. Anything worth selling is worth selling twice
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 120. Even a blind man can recognize the glow of Latinum
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 121. Everything is for sale, even friendship
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 122. As the customers go, so goes the wise profiteer
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 123. A friend is only a friend until you sell him something. Then he is a customer
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 124. Friendship is temporary, profit is forever
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 125. A lie isn't a lie until someone else knows the truth
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 126. A lie isn't a lie, it's just the truth seen from a different point of view
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 127. Gratitude can bring on generosity
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 128. Ferengi are not responsible for the stupidity of other races
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 129. Never trust your customers
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 13. Anything worth doing is worth doing for money
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 130. Never trust a beneficiary
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 131. If it gets you profit, sell your own mother
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 132. The flimsier the produce, the higher the price
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 133. Never judge a customer by the size of his wallet ... sometimes good things come in small packages
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 134. There's always a catch
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 135. The only value of a collectible is what you can get somebody else to pay for it
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 136. The sharp knife cuts quickly. Act without delay!
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 137. Necessity is the mother of invention. Profit is the father
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 138. Law makes everyone equal, but justice goes to the highest bidder
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 139. Wives serve; brother inherit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 14. Anything stolen is pure profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 140. The answer to quick and easy profit is: buy for less, sell for more
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 141. Competition and fair play are mutually exclusive. Fait play and financial loss go hand-in-hand
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 142. A Ferengi waits to bid until his opponents have exhausted themselves
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 143. The family of Fools is ancient
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 144. There's nothing wrong with charity ... as long as it winds up in your pocket
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 145. Always ask for the costs first
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 146. If possible sell neither the sizzle nor the steak, but the Elphasian wheat germ
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 147. New customers are like razor toothed gree worms. They can be succulent, but sometimes they bite back
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 148. Opportunity waits for no one
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 149. Females and finances don't mix
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 15. Acting stupid is often smart
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 150. Make your shop easy to find
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 151. Sometimes, what you get free costs entirely too much
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 152. Ask not what your profits can do for you; ask what you can do for your profits
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 153. You can't free a fish from water
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 154. The difference between manure and Latinum is commerce
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 155. What's mine is mine, and what's yours is mine too
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 156. Even in the worst of times someone turns a profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 157. You are surrounded by opportunities; you just have to know where to look
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 158. Don't pay until you have the goods
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 159. The customer is always right ... until you have their cash
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 16. A deal is a deal ... until a better one comes along
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 160. Respect is good, Latinum is better
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 161. Never kill a customer, unless you make more profit out of his death than out of his life
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 162. His money is only your's when he can't get it back
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 163. A thirsty customer is good for profit, a drunk one isn't
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 164. Never spend your own money when you can spend someone else's
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 165. Never allow one's culture's law to get in the way of a universal goal: profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 166. Never give away for free what can be sold
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 167. If a deal is fairly and lawfully made, then seeking revenge especially unprofitable revenge, is illegal
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 168. Beware of relatives bearing gifts
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 169. If you're going to have to endure, make yourself comfortable
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 17. A bargain usually isn't
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 170. Never gamble with an empath
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 171. Time is Latinum. The early Ferengi get the Latinum
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 172. If you can sell it, don't hsitate to steal it
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 173. A piece of Latinum in the hand is worth two in a customer's pocket
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 174. Share and perish
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 175. When everything fails - run
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 176. Ferengi's don't give promotional gifts!
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 177. Know your enemies ... but do business with them always
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 178. The world is a stage - don't forget to demand admission
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 179. Whenever you think that things can't get worse, the FCA will be knocking on you door
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 18. A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 180. Never offer a confession when a bribe will do
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 181. Even dishonesty can't tarnish the glow of Latinum
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 182. Whenever you're being asked if you are god, the right answer is YES
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 183. Genius without opportunity is like Latinum in the mine
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 185. If you want to ruin yourself there are three known ways: Gambling is the fastest, women are the sweetest, and banks are the most reliable way
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 186. There are two things that will catch up with you for sure: death and taxes
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 187. If your dancing partner wants to lead at all costs, let her have her own way and ask another one to dance
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 188. Never bet on a race you haven't fixed
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 189. Borrow on a handshake; lend in writing
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 19. Don't lie too soon after a promotion
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 190. Drive your business or it will drive you
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 191. Let other keep their reputation. You keep their money
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 192. If the flushing isn't strong enough, use your brain and try the brush
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 193. Klingon women don't dance tango
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 194. It's always good business to know about new customers before they walk in your door
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 195. Wounds heal, but debt is forever
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 196. Only give money to people you know you can steal from
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 197. Never trust your customers, especially if they are your relatives
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 198. Employees are the rungs on your ladder to success - don't hesitate to step on them
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 199. The secret of one person is another person's opportunity
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 2. You can't cheat an honest customer, but it never hurts to try
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 20. When the customer is sweating, turn up the heat
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 200. A madman with Latinum means profit without return
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 201. The justification for profit is profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 202. a) A friend in need is a customer in the making b) A friend in need means three times the profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 203. A Ferengi in need, will never do anything for free
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 204. When the Grand Nagus arrives to offer you a business opportunity, it's time to leave town until he's gone
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 205. When the customer dies, the money stops a-comin'
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 206. Fighting with Klingons is like gambling with Cardassians - it's good to have a friend around when you lose
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 207. Never trust a hardworking employee
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 208. Give someone a fish, you feed him for one day. Teach him how to fish, and you lose a steady customer
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 209. Tell them what they want to hear
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 21. Never place friend ship before profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 210. A wife, who is able to clean, saves the cleaning lady
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 211. In business deals, a disruptor can be almost as important as a calculator
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 212. If they accept your first offer, you either asked too little or offered too much
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 213. Stay neutral in conflicts so that you can sell supplies to both sides
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 214. Never begin a business transaction on an empty stomach
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 215. Instinct without opportunity is useless
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 216. Never take hospitality from someone worse off than yourself
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 217. Only pay for it, if you are confronted with loaded phaser
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 218. Always know what you're buying
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 219. A friend is not a friend if he asks for a discount
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 22. wise men can hear profit in the wind
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 220. Profit is like a bed of roses - a few thorns are inevitable
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 221. Beware of any man who thinks with his lobes
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 222. Knowledge is Latinum
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 223. Rich men don't come to buy; they come to take
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 224. Never throw anything away: It may be worht a lot of Latinum some Stardate
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 225. Pride comes before a loss
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 226. Don't take your family for granted, only their Latinum
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 227. Loyalty can be bought ... and sold
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 228. All things come to those who wait, even Latinum
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 229. Beware the man who doesn't make time for oo-mox
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 23. Never take the last coin, but be sure to get the rest
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 230. Manipulation may be a Ferengi's greatest tool, and liability
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 231. If you steal it, make sure it has a warranty
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 232. Life's no fair (How else would you turn a profit?)
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 233. Every dark cloud has a Latinum lining
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 234. Never deal with beggars; it's bad for profits
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 235. Don't trust anyone who trusts you
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 236. You can't buy fate
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 237. There's a sucker born every minute. Be sure you're the first to find each one
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 238. The truth will cost
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 239. Ambition knows no family
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 24. Never ask when you can take
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 240. The higher you bid, the more customers you drive away
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 241. Never underestimate the inportance of the fist impression
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 242. More is good, all is better
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 243. If you got something nice to say, then SHOUT
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 244. If you can't sell it, sit on it, but never give it away
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 245. A warranty is valid only if they can find you
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 246. He that speaks ill of the wares will buy them
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 247. Never question luck
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 248. Celebrate when you are paid, not, when you are promised
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 249. Respect other culture's beliefs; they'll be more likely to give you money
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 25. Fear makes a good business partner
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 250. A dead vendor doesn't demand money
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 251. Satisfaction is not guaranteed
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 252. Let the buyer beware
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 253. A contract without fine print is a fool's document
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 254. Anyone who can't tell a fake doesn't deserve the real thing
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 255. A warranty without loop-holes is a liability
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 256. Synthehol is the lubricant of choice for a customer's stuck purse
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 257. Only fools negotiate with their own money
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 258. A Ferengi is only as important as the amount of Latinum he carries in his pockets
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 259. A lie is a way to tell the truth to someone who doesn't know
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 26. The vast majority of the rich in this galaxy did not inherit their wealth; they stole it
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 260. Gambling is like the way to power: The only way to win is to cheat, but don't get caught in the process
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 261. A wealthy man can afford everything except a conscience
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 262. No lobes, no profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 263. Never let a female in clothes cloud your sense of profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 264. It's not the size of your planet, but it's income, that matters
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 265. The fear of loss may be your greatest enemy or your best friend - choose wisely
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 266. A pair of good ears will ring dry a hundred tongues
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 267. Wish not so much to live Long, as to live well
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 268. a) When in doubt, lie b) When in doubt, buy c) When in doubt, demand more money d) When in doubt, shoot them, take their money, run and blame someone else
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 269. Never purchase anything that has been promised to be valuable or go up in value
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 27. The most beautiful thing about a tree is what you do with it after you cut it down
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 270. It's better to have gambled and lost than to never have gambled at all
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 271. There's many witty men whose brains can't line their pockets
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 272. The way to a Ferengi's heart is through his wallet
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 273. Always count their Latinum before selling anything
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 274. There is no profit in love; however, a strong heart is worth a few bars of Latinum on the open market. Keep it on ice
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 275. Latinum can't buy happiness, but you can sure have a blast renting it
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 276. If at first you don't succeed, try to acquire again
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 277. Diamonds may be girl's best friend, but you can only buy the girl with Latinum
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 278. It's better to swallow your pride than to lose your profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 279. Never close a deal too soon after a female strokes your lobes
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 28. Morality is always defined by those in power
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 280. An empty bag can not stand upright
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 281. Blood is thicker than water, but harder to sell
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 282. Business is like war; it's important to recognize the winner
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 283. Rules are always subject to change
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 284. Rules are always subject to interpretation
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 285. No good deed ever goes unpunished
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 286. When Morn leaves it is all over
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 287. Whenever you exploit someone, it never hurts to thank them. That way, it's easier to exploit them the next time. (Neelix made this rule up)
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 29. When someone says "It's not the money," they're lying
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 3. Never spend more for an acquisition than you have to
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 30. Talk is cheap; synthehol costs money
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 31. Never make fun of a Ferengi's mother
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 32. Be careful what you sell. It may do exactly what the customer expects
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 33. It never hurts to suck up to the boss
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 34. War is good for business
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 35. Peace is good for business
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 36. Too many Ferengi can't laugh at themselves anymore
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 37. You can always buy back a lost reputation
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 38. Free advertising is cheap
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 39. Praise is cheap. Heap it generously on all customers
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 40. If you see profit on a journey, take it
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 41. Money talks, but having a lots of it gets more attention
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 42. Only negotiate when you are certain to profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 43. Caressing an ear is often more forceful than pointing a weapon
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 44. Never argue with a loaded phaser
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 45. profit has limits. Loss has none
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 46. Labor camps are full of people who trusted the wrong person
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 47. Never trust a man wearing a better suit than you own
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 48. The bigger the smile, the sharper the knife
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 49. Old age and greed will always overcome youth and talent
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 5. If you can't break a contract, bend it
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 50. Never bluff a Klingon
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 51. Never admit a mistake if there's someone else to blame
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 52. Only Bugsy could have built Las Vegas
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 53. Sell first; ask questions later
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 54. Never buy anything you can't sell
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 55. Always sell at the highest possible profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 56. Pursue profit; women come later
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 57. Good customers are almost as rare as Latinum - treasure them
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 58. Friendship is seldom cheap
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 59. Fee advice is never cheap
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 6. Never let family stand in the way of opportunity
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 60. Never use Latinum where your words will do
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 61. Never buy what can be stolen
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 62. The riskier the road, the greater the profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 63. power without profit is like a ship without an engine
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 64. Don't talk shop; talk shopping
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 65. Don't talk ship; talk shipping
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 66. Anyone serving in a fleet who is crazy can be relieved, if they ask for it
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 67. Enough is never enough
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 68. Compassion is no substitute for a profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 69. You could afford your ship without your government - if it weren't for your government
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 7. Always keep you ears open
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 70. Get the money first, then let the buyers worry about collecting the merchandise
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 71. Gamble and trade have two things in common: risk and Latinum
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 72. Never let the competition know, what you're thinking
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 73. Never trust advice from a dying Ferengi; listen but don't trust
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 74. A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 75. Home is where the heart is, but the stars are made of Latinum
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 76. Every once in a while, declare peace. It confuses the hell out of your enemies
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 77. Go where no Ferengi has gone before; where there is no reputation there is profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 78. There is a customer born every minute
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 79. Beware of the Vulcan greed for knowledge
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 8. Keep count of your change
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 80. If it works, sell it. If it works well, sell it for more. If it doesn't work, quadruple the price and sell it as an antique
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 81. There's nothing more dangerous than an honest businessman
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 82. A smart customer is not a good customer
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 83. Revenge is profitless
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 84. She can touch your ears but never your Latinum
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 85. Death takes no bribes
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 86. A wife is a luxury, a smart accountant a necessity
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 87. Trust is the biggest liability of all
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 88. When the boss comes to dinner, it never hurts to have the wife wear something
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 89. Latinum lasts longer than lust
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 9. Instinct plus opportunity equals profit
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 90. Mine is better than ours
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 91. He who drinks fast pays slow
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 92. Never confuse wisdom with luck
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 93. He's a fool who makes his doctor his heir
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 94. Beware of small expenses: a small leak will kill a ship
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 95. Important, more impotant, Latinum
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 96. Faith moves mountains - of inventory
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 97. If you would keep a secret from an enemy, don't tell it to a friend
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 98. Profit is the better part of valor
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 99. Never trust a wise man
whimsy	sfw	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: The Unwritten Rule: When no appropriate Rule applies, make one up!
whimsy	sfw	Fettucini alfredo is macaroni and cheese for adults. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	Figure out what your purpose is in life, what you really and truly want to do with your time and your life then be willing to sacrifice everything and then some to achieve it. If you are not willing to make the sacrifice, then keep searching. - Quintina Ragnacci
whimsy	sfw	Fire is not the cleanser.
whimsy	sfw	First something is a great idea, then it becomes a cause, then it becomes a business and finally it becomes a racket. - Eric Hoffer
whimsy	sfw	Fish do not like coffee.
whimsy	sfw	Five days is not too long to wait for a gun.
whimsy	sfw	Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it - Alan Perlis
whimsy	sfw	For Chuck Norris, every street is "one way". HIS WAY.
whimsy	sfw	For Spring Break '05, Chuck Norris drove to Madagascar, riding a chariot pulled by two electric eels.
whimsy	sfw	For every movie about Vietnam starring Chuck Norris, the historical duration of the war decreases. Just 3 more "Missing in Action" sequels, and that war will have never actually existed.
whimsy	sfw	For mad scientists who keep brains in jars, here's a tip: Why not add a slice of lemon to each jar, for freshness. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	For most people, home is where the heart is. For Chuck Norris, home is where he stores his collection of human skulls.
whimsy	sfw	For some, the left testicle is larger than the right one. For Chuck Norris, each testicle is larger than the other one.
whimsy	sfw	For there to be comedy, must there also be tragedy? For the comedy of someone heckling an actor, must there also be the tragedy of the person being escorted from the theatre? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	For things to reveal themselves to us, we need to be ready to abandon our views about them. - Thich Nhat Hanh
whimsy	sfw	For undercover police work, Chuck Norris pins his badge underneath his shirt, directly into his chest.
whimsy	sfw	Four leaf clovers are not mutant freaks.
whimsy	sfw	Frank knew that no man had ever crossed the desert on foot and lived to tell about it. So, he decided to get back in his car and keep driving. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Frankincense is not a monster.
whimsy	sfw	Fridays are not "pants optional".
whimsy	sfw	From the moment I picked up your book until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Someday I intend reading it. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Fun does not have a size.
whimsy	sfw	Funny noises are not funny.
whimsy	sfw	Garlic gum is not funny.
whimsy	sfw	Garth Harble here, animal control, reminding you that wild animals can smell fear. Of course, if it smells bad enough, why, they won't eat you. Hey, I'm alive.
whimsy	sfw	Genetics is not an excuse.
whimsy	sfw	Get someone else to blow your horn and the sound will carry twice as far. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Getting older is no problem. You just have to live long enough. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Give us this day our daily Faith, but deliver us, dear God, from Belief. - Aldous Huxley
whimsy	sfw	Global warming did not eat my homework.
whimsy	sfw	Go often to the house of thy friend, for weeds choke the unused path. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
whimsy	sfw	Go, and never darken my towels again. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	God is in you as the ocean is in the wave. - Eric Butterworth
whimsy	sfw	Godzilla is a Japanese rendition of Chuck Norris' first visit to Tokyo.
whimsy	sfw	Goldfish don't bounce.
whimsy	sfw	Golf was my first glimpse of comedy. I was a caddy when I was a kid. I was on the golf course rather than being in lessons, but I can play better now than I could then. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	Good ideas come from bad ideas, but only if there are enough of them - Seth Godin
whimsy	sfw	Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Good judgment comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgment. - Barry LePatner
whimsy	sfw	Google won't search for Chuck Norris because it knows you don't find Chuck Norris, he finds you.
whimsy	sfw	Grammar is not a time of waste.
whimsy	sfw	Gratitude can transform common days into thanksgivings, turn routine jobs into joy, and change ordinary opportunities into blessings. - William Arthur Ward
whimsy	sfw	Guantuanamo Bay, Cuba, is the military code-word for "Chuck Norris' basement".
whimsy	sfw	Guinea pigs should not be used as "Guinea Pigs".
whimsy	sfw	Guns are warned not to play with Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	HDTV is worth every cent.
whimsy	sfw	Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Hap Shaughnessy: I don't want to brag, but no less an actor than Charlton Heston told me that I could really act. Red Green: Well, he said that with a straight face, so I'm convinced.
whimsy	sfw	Hap Shaughnessy: It's too bad. I can see me wrestling the great white shark, or riding the great white whale. Red Green: Or telling the great white lie.
whimsy	sfw	Hap Shaughnessy: My spirit was floating above the ground, and my body was lying flat on the pavement. I could SEE I was lying there. Red Green: Oh, Hap - EVERYBODY can see you're lying there!
whimsy	sfw	Hap Shaughnessy: So yeah, there is an afterlife waiting for us, and it's FULL. Red Green: Yeah, but unfortunately, the afterlife is full of the same stuff THIS one is!
whimsy	sfw	Happiness is not a circus clown rolling around in a big tractor tire so that his arms and legs form "spokes." Happiness is when he stops. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happiness is the absence of the striving for happiness. - Chuang-tzu
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Caution: Happy Fun Ball may suddenly accelerate to dangerous speeds. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Discontinue use of Happy Fun Ball if any of the following occurs: *Itching *Vertigo *Dizziness *Tingling in extremities *Loss of balance or coordination *Slurred speech *Temporary Blindness *Profuse sweating *Heart Palpitations -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Do not taunt Happy Fun Ball. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Do not use Happy Fun Ball on concrete. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Failure to do so relieves the makers of Happy Fun Ball, Wacky Products Incorporated, and its parent company Global Chemical Unlimited, of any and all liability. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Happy Fun Ball Contains a liquid core, which, if exposed due to rupture, should not be touched, inhaled, or looked at. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Happy Fun Ball comes with a lifetime guarantee. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Happy Fun Ball has been shipped to our troops in Saudi Arabia and is also being dropped by our warplanes on Iraq. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Happy Fun Ball may stick to certain types of skin. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- If Happy Fun Ball begins to smoke, get away immediately. Seek shelter and cover head. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Warning: Pregnant women, the elderly and children under 10 should avoid prolonged exposure to Happy Fun Ball. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- When not in use, Happy Fun Ball should be returned to its special container and kept under refrigeration... -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- ingredients of Happy Fun Ball include an unknown glowing substance which fell to Earth, presumably from outer space. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Happy Fun Ball ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTES! Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Hard writing is easy reading; easy writing is hard reading. - E.B. White
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: Badgers sleep in holes in the ground. How did one get in Old Man Sedgwick's pants? Red Green: Old Man Sedgwick was sleeping in a hole in the ground.
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: But you know... truth be told... I, uh... well, I missed... um... I missed... you know... everybody. Red Green: Did you miss ME, Harold? Harold Green: Well, did you miss ME? Red Green: I wasn't even SHOOTIN' at ya, Harold!
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: How can you stand there and say things that don't have a shred of truth to them? Red Green: Well, that's something that married people just do, Harold. [Red turns to the camera and waves] Red Green: Except us, Bernice!
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: How much did you pay for the Possum Van? Red Green: Nothing, Harold. That was a gift from my parents for graduating from public school. That way, I wouldn't have to borrow my dad's car to drive to junior high.
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: I asked Bonnie to marry me. Red Green: That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard, Harold. Harold Green: Well, she said yes. Red Green: I stand corrected!
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: I cannot believe Old Man Sedgwick still drinks to excess. He should start acting his age. Red Green: If Old Man Sedgwick acted his age, he'd be ten years dead.
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: I cannot believe the government continues to pay politicians after they die. Red Green: Well, it's so hard for them to tell, Harold.
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: I don't want any judgments or anything, but I think your plan is flawed, badly flawed, like "Rescue 911"-type flawed. Red Green: Well, Harold, if we're gonna have to start comparing things with flaws in them, I don't think you're going to have a very nice day.
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: I'm writing an episode of "The Outer Limits". Red Green: Harold, you *are* an episode of "The Outer Limits".
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: Or you could pick a job without a mandatory retirement age. Like a politician. Red Green: Or a car thief.
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: So, are you ready to be responsible for a messed-up social misfit who performs senseless acts? Red Green: I'm pretty much used to THAT, actually.
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: Tell them about Flinty McClintock parking his car on his neighbor's roof. Red Green: That was an accident, Harold. Harold Green: Not when it's on the roof. When it's in the living room or the kitchen, maybe.
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: Tonight's contestant is Mr. Winston Rothchilds of Rothchild's Sewage and Septic Sucking Services. Winston Rothschild: Where our motto is: If your eyes are stinging, my phone should be ringing.
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: Tonight's contestant is Mr. Winston Rothschild of Rothschild's Sewage and Septic Sucking Services. Winston Rothschild: Where our motto is, "Service with a smile - even on hot days."
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: Uncle Red will be right back with his extra terrestrials. Red Green: Hey wait a minute! I have the same number of terrestrials as everybody else.
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: We're never gonna be able to fake this to those government people! They'll see right off that we're not for real! Red Green: Oh, come on, Harold - - they're from the Tax Department! They've never been to church, either!
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: Well, I am very proud of you guys, Uncle Red! It makes a sensitive-hearted vegetarian like me feel so good to hear something like that. Red Green: Don't make it worse, Harold.
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: Well, you know what I think... Red Green: It doesn't matter what you think, Harold. If you were married, you'd know that.
whimsy	sfw	Harold Green: [still wearing the sanitary mask and latex gloves from having helped deliver a baby] Meeting time, Uncle Red. Red Green: Yeah, you go ahead, Doctor Strange-Glove - - I'll be down in a minute.
whimsy	sfw	Harold and I are gonna try and have some "quiet time", but he keeps talking!
whimsy	sfw	Hating people is like burning down your own house to get rid of a rat. - Henry Emerson Fosdick
whimsy	sfw	Have a great summer, everyone.
whimsy	sfw	Having a groovy pajama party - bring all your Abba albums.
whimsy	sfw	He was the kind of man who was not ashamed to show affection. I guess that's what I hated about him. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	He who does not understand your silence will probably not understand your words. - Elbert Hubbard
whimsy	sfw	He who experiences the unity of life, sees his own Self in all beings, and all beings in his own Self, and looks on everything with an impartial eye. - Buddha
whimsy	sfw	He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. And if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you. - Friedrich Nietzsche
whimsy	sfw	He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword. He who lives by Chuck Norris, dies by the roundhouse kick.
whimsy	sfw	He who trims himself to suit everyone will soon whittle himself away. - Raymond Hull
whimsy	sfw	He who wants to get to the source must swim against the current. - Stanislaw Lec
whimsy	sfw	He who would travel happily must travel light. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
whimsy	sfw	He, who laughs last, laughs best. He who laughs at Chuck Norris ? dies.
whimsy	sfw	Hell is just resistance to life. - Pema Chödrön
whimsy	sfw	Hell, I never vote for anybody, I always vote against. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Hellen Keller's favorite color is Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	Hello, this is Winston Rothschild reminding you: "Your sewage is our bread and butter."
whimsy	sfw	Here is the price of freedom: Your every drop of courage, ounce of pain, pint of blood. Paid in advance. - Sebastian Lee, "The Rising Tide", AFC 271
whimsy	sfw	Here it is — right now. Start thinking about it and you miss it. - Huang Po
whimsy	sfw	Here lies W. C. Fields. I would rather be living in Philadelphia. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Here's a good gag if you go swimming in a swamp and when you come out you're all covered with leeches. Just say, "Hey, has anybody seen my raisins?" (Because leeches kind of look like big raisins.) -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Here's a good joke to do during an earthquake: Straddle a big crack in the earth, and if it opens wider, go, "Whoa! Whoa!" and flail your arms around, as if you're going to fall in. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Here's a good joke to do during an earthquake: Straddle a big crack in the ground, and if it opens wider, go "Whoa! Whoa!" and flail your arms around, like you're going to fall in. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Here's a good tip for when you go to the beach: A sand dollar may look like a nice cracker that someone left, but trust me, they don't taste like it. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Here's a good trick: Get a job as a judge at the Olympics. Then, if some guy sets a world record, pretend that you didn't see it and go, "Okay, is everybody ready to start now?" -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Here's a suggestion for a new animal, if some new ones get created or evolve: something that stings you, then laughs at you. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Here's the thing, you just have to drive a lot faster, and if you don't get there, we're both fired. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	Hershey Kisses do not drop from Cupid's butt.
whimsy	sfw	High explosives and school don't mix.
whimsy	sfw	Higher beings from outer space may not want to tell us the secrets of life, because we're not ready. But maybe they'll change their tune after a little torture. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Hillbillies are people too.
whimsy	sfw	History doesn’t repeat itself, but it does tend to rhyme. - Mark Twain
whimsy	sfw	Home is the sailor, home from the sea And the hunter home from the hill - Fragment of Ancient Earth Text, c. CY 6800
whimsy	sfw	Honesty is not brutal. Brutality is not honest. If what you’re saying is brutal, you’re leaving unspoken a deeper, respectful truth. - Dale Emery
whimsy	sfw	Hooligan is not a profession.
whimsy	sfw	Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Hot dogs are not bookmarks.
whimsy	sfw	How come the dove gets to be the peace symbol? How about the pillow? It has more feathers than the dove, and it doesn't have that dangerous beak. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	How come, just as the rocket is launching, the astronauts don't also shoot some fireworks out the window? It would make the whole takeoff look more impressive. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	How did the boy get me to do this?
whimsy	sfw	How different our lives are when we really know what is deeply important to us, and keeping that picture in mind, we manage ourselves each day to be and to do what really matters most. - Stephen Covey
whimsy	sfw	How does one become a butterfly? … You must want to fly so much that you are willing to give up being a caterpillar. - Trina Paulus
whimsy	sfw	How long should you laugh at your boss’s joke? A half hour or a full hour? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	How many roundhouse kicks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop? Just one. From Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	How much more grievous are the consequences of anger than the causes of it. - Marcus Aurelius
whimsy	sfw	How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? ...All of it.
whimsy	sfw	How much ‘ego’ do you need? Just enough so that you don’t step in front of a bus. - Shunryu Suzuki
whimsy	sfw	Human cloning is outlawed because if Chuck Norris were cloned, then it would be possible for a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to meet another chuck Norris roundhouse kick. Physicists theorize that this contact would end the universe.
whimsy	sfw	Humans say the Road to Hell is paved with good intentions. Why? Do they think there's a shortage of bad ones? Karm'Luk P'an Ku, "The Joy of Lucidity" CY 8633
whimsy	sfw	Humor is reason gone mad. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Hyperbole is something I'd better avoid. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	I always keep a supply of stimulant handy in case I see a snake, which I also keep handy. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I am always doing that which I can not do, in order that I may learn how to do it. - Pablo Picasso
whimsy	sfw	I am an expert of electricity. My father occupied the chair of applied electricity at the state prison. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I am free of all prejudices. I hate everyone equally. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I am not Charlie Brown on acid.
whimsy	sfw	I am not a 32 year old woman
whimsy	sfw	I am not a dentist.
whimsy	sfw	I am not a grandmother
whimsy	sfw	I am not a lean mean spitting machine.
whimsy	sfw	I am not a licensed hairstylist.
whimsy	sfw	I am not a member of any organized political party. I am a Democrat. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	I am not allergic to long division.
whimsy	sfw	I am not an FDIC-insured bank.
whimsy	sfw	I am not authorized to fire substitute teachers.
whimsy	sfw	I am not certified to remove asbestos.
whimsy	sfw	I am not delightfully saucy.
whimsy	sfw	I am not here on a fartball scholarship.
whimsy	sfw	I am not licensed to do anything.
whimsy	sfw	I am not my long-lost twin.
whimsy	sfw	I am not smarter than the president.
whimsy	sfw	I am not the acting president.
whimsy	sfw	I am not the last Don.
whimsy	sfw	I am not the new Dalai Lama.
whimsy	sfw	I am not the reincarnation of Sammy Davis Jr.
whimsy	sfw	I am sitting in the smallest room of my house. I have your review before me. In a moment it will be behind me. - Max Reger
whimsy	sfw	I believe a leaf of grass is no less than the journey-work of the stars. - Walt Whitman
whimsy	sfw	I belong to no organized party. I am a Democrat. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	I bet a funny thing about driving a car off a cliff is, while you're in midair, you still hit those brakes! Hey, better try the emergency brake! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I bet after seeing us, George Washington would sue us for calling him 'father.' ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	I bet if you were a mummy wrapper in ancient Egypt, on thing you would constantly find yourself telling people would be, "Be sure, before I start, you have all the jewelry and so forth on the body, because I am NOT unwrapping him later." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I bet it was pretty hard to pick up girls if you had the Black Death. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I bet it's hard to break farmers of the old superstitions like "Tornado got Old Yeller, stay in the cellar." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I bet one legend that keeps recurring throughout history, in every culture, is the story of Popeye. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I bet the main reason the police keep people away from a plane crash is they don't want anybody walking in and lying down in the crash stuff, then when somebody comes up act like they just woke up and go, "What was THAT?!" -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I bet the main reason the police keep people away from a plane crash is they don't want anybody walking in and lying down in the crash stuff, then, when somebody comes up, act like they just woke up and go, "What was THAT?!" -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I bet the sparrow looks at the parrot and thinks, yes, you can talk, but LISTEN TO YOURSELF! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I bet what happened was, they discovered fire and invented the wheel on the same day. Then, that night, they burned the wheel. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I bet when the neanderthal kids would make a snowman, someone would always end up saying, "Don't forget the thick, heavy brows." Then they would all get embarrassed because they remembered they had the big hunky brows too, and they'd get mad and eat the snowman. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I bet when they weren't fighting, Vikings with horn helmets had to stick potatoes on the ends of the horns, so as to avoid eye pokings to fellow Vikings and lady Vikings. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I bought a seven-dollar pen because I always lose pens and I got sick of not caring. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I call intuition cosmic fishing. You feel a nibble, then you’ve got to hook the fish. — Buckminster Fuller
whimsy	sfw	I came out of the old Second City in Chicago. Chicago actors are more hard-nosed. They're tough on themselves and their fellow actors. They're self-demanding. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I can see why it would be prohibited to throw most things off the top of the Empire State Building, but what's wrong with little bits of cheese? They probably break down into their various gases before they even hit. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I can whistle with my fingers, especially if I have a whistle. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I can't be sleeping on my own television show - that's YOUR job.
whimsy	sfw	I can't see dead people.
whimsy	sfw	I can't stand cheap people. It makes me real mad when someone says something like "Hey, when are you going to pay me that hundred dollars you owe me?" or "Do you have that fifty dollars you borrowed?" Man, quit being so cheap! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I cannot absolve sins.
whimsy	sfw	I cannot hire a substitute student.
whimsy	sfw	I conclude that there are two ways of constructing a software design: One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other way is make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. The first method is far more difficult. - Tony Hoare
whimsy	sfw	I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I could dance with you until the cows come home. On second thought I'd rather dance with the cows until you come home. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I decided that what I really wanted to do was go off and paint. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	I did not fail two thousand times. I merely found two thousand ways not to make a lightbulb. - Thomas Edison
whimsy	sfw	I did not invent Irish dancing.
whimsy	sfw	I did not learn everything I need to know from kindergarten.
whimsy	sfw	I did not learn everything I need to know in kindergarten.
whimsy	sfw	I did not see Elvis.
whimsy	sfw	I did not see my teacher siphoning gas.
whimsy	sfw	I did not see teacher applying for welfare.
whimsy	sfw	I did not win the Nobel Fart Prize.
whimsy	sfw	I did nothing wrong this week.
whimsy	sfw	I didn't like the play, but then I saw it under adverse conditions - the curtain was up. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides with their own desires. - Susan B Anthony
whimsy	sfw	I do not deserve a Mother's Day gift for being "one badass mother".
whimsy	sfw	I do not have a cereal named after me.
whimsy	sfw	I do not have diplomatic immunity.
whimsy	sfw	I do not have power of attorney over first graders.
whimsy	sfw	I do not have the hots for my mom.
whimsy	sfw	I do remember doing shows strictly in black and white, too, so you're right. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	I don't buy diamonds, I don't buy cars, but I enjoy travelling. I'm not a very possessive person as far as things go. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	I don't care to belong to a club that accepts people like me as members. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who'd be mad at me for saying that. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I don't know how this guy knew how much money I was making. I didn't know how much money I was making. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	I don't know why I ever come in here. The flies get the best of everything. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	I don't pretend to have all the answers. I don't pretend to even know what the questions are. Hey, where am I? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I don't say that the bird is "good" or the bat is "bad." But I will say this: At least the bird is less nude. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I don't think God put me on this planet to judge others. I think he put me on this planet to gather specimens and take them back to my home planet. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I don't think I'm alone when I say I'd like to see more and more planets fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I don't think I'm ever more "aware" than I am right after I hit my thumb with a hammer. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I don't understand people who say life is a mystery, because what is it they want to know? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I don't want to argue with anyone larger than my van.
whimsy	sfw	I don't want to be that guy mumbling into his drink at a bar. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	I don't want to have a relationship with someone if I'm not going to work with them. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	I don’t know who discovered water, but I’m pretty sure it wasn’t a fish. - Marshall McLuhan (and others)
whimsy	sfw	I don’t let go of my thoughts—I meet them with understanding, then they let go of me. - Byron Katie
whimsy	sfw	I don’t mind what happens. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
whimsy	sfw	I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I drink therefore I am. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I feel that if you really want an Oscar, you're in trouble. It's like wanting to be married - you'll take anybody. If you want the Oscar really badly, it becomes a naked desire and ambition. It becomes very unattractive. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	I figure that any device that can KEEP A DOG IN can also be used to KEEP A GOOF OUT. Besides - - this unit is far too CRUEL to be used on any ANIMAL, anyway!
whimsy	sfw	I find fruit preserves are kinda like neckties. They're something ya get for Christmas from people who either don't like you or are too cheap to buy ya a real gift.
whimsy	sfw	I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I go home and stay there. I wash and scrub up each day, and that's it. One month I actually grew a moustache, just so I could say that I'd done something. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	I got my head bashed in at a demonstration against the Vietnam War. Police were losing control because they were up against a world they really didn't understand. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	I guess of all my uncles, I liked Uncle Cave Man the best. We called him Uncle Cave Man because he lived in a cave and because sometimes he'd eat one of us. Later on we found out he was a bear. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I guess the hard thing for a lot of people to accept is why God would allow me to go running through their yards, yelling and spinning around. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I guess there is nothing that will get your mind off everything like golf. I have never been depressed enough to take up the game, but they say you get so sore at yourself you forget to hate your enemies. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	I guess we were all guilty, in a way. We all shot him, we all skinned him, and we all got a complimentary bumper sticker that said, "I helped skin Bob." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I had a stick of CareFree gum, but it didn't work. I felt pretty good while I was blowing that bubble, but as soon as the gum lost its flavor, I was back to pondering my mortality. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I have a mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I have a scheme for stopping war. It's this - no nation is allowed to enter a war till they have paid for the last one. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	I have accepted fear as a part of life - specifically the fear of change. I have gone ahead despite the pounding in the heart that says: turn back. - Erica Jong
whimsy	sfw	I have had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind; yet strange, I am ungrateful to these teachers. - Kahlil Gibran
whimsy	sfw	I have learned to use the word ‘impossible’ with the greatest caution. - Wernher von Braun
whimsy	sfw	I have neither been there nor done that.
whimsy	sfw	I have no idea what a British sensibility or a British sense of humor is. I have no concept of what that is. I have no concept of what American sensibility is. I was born in Great Britain, but I was only there for six months, and we moved to Belgium, where I grew up. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	I have to laugh when I think of the first cigar, because it was probably just a bunch of rolled-up tobacco leaves. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I haven't had this much fun since my dad wore his rude t-shirt to parent-teacher night!
whimsy	sfw	I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be too long. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I hope for nothing. I fear nothing. I am free. - Nikos Kazantzakis
whimsy	sfw	I hope if dogs ever take over the world, and they choose a king, they don't just go by size, because I bet there are some Chihuahuas with some good ideas. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I hope if dogs ever take over the world, and they chose a king, they don't just go by size, because I bet there are some Chihuahuas with some good ideas. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I hope in the future Americans are thought of as a warlike, vicious people, because I bet a lot of high schools would pick "Americans" as their mascot. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I hope life isn't a big joke, because I don't get it. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I hope some animal never bores a hole in my head and lays its eggs in my brain, because later you might think you're having a good idea but it's just eggs hatching. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I hope that after I die, people will say of me: ``That guy sure owed me a lot of money.'' -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I hope that someday we will be able to put away our fears and prejudices and just laugh at people. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I hope they never find out that lightning has a lot of vitamins in it, because do you hide from it or not? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I hope, when they die, cartoon characters have to answer for their sins. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I intend to live forever, or die trying. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I keep referring to them in the plural but all I'm dealing with is Bob. I don't know where Harvey fits in the equation. He was very present at the beginning, winding his brother up. I don't know where he is now. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	I know a lot about cars, man. I can look at any car's headlights and tell you exactly which way it's coming. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I lay in that cave for half a day, unconscious. When my boss Leo found out, he docked me four hours pay.
whimsy	sfw	I like Kit-Kat, unless I'm with four or more people. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I like children - fried. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I like refried beans. That's why I wanna try fried beans, because maybe they're just as good and we're just wasting time. You don't have to fry them again after all. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I like to hold the microphone cord like this, I pinch it together, then I let it go, then you hear a whole bunch of jokes at once. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I like to keep a bottle of stimulant handy in case I see a snake, which I also keep handy. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I like to listen to the sound of my own heart when I'm... jogging away from things.
whimsy	sfw	I like to play blackjack. I'm not addicted to gambling. I'm addicted to sitting in a semi-circle. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I look back on my work and I think, 'Oh, why didn't I do that differently?' -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	I look into your eyes and see the whole universe, not yet born. - Rumi
whimsy	sfw	I love 'Time Bandits;' it's great. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	I must confess, I was born at a very early age. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I must have a drink of breakfast. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I must not write all over the walls.
whimsy	sfw	I must not write on mountain
whimsy	sfw	I must say I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a good book. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I never drink water. I'm afraid it will become habit-forming. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I never drink water; that is the stuff that rusts pipes. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the places they now do. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I never met a kid I liked. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I never vote for anyone. I always vote against. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I never wanted to be a puppeteer. I stopped puppeteering when I was about 18. I puppeteered when I was eleven years old to 18 to make extra money to go to Europe, which I made half of and my parents gave me half. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	I never worry about being driven to drink; I just worry about being driven home. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I no longer want my MTV.
whimsy	sfw	I once saw a forklift lift a crate of forks. And it was way to literal for me. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I once spent a year in Philadelphia, I think it was on a Sunday. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I read about eight newspapers in a day. When I'm in a town with only one newspaper, I read it eight times. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	I read in the newspapers they are going to have 30 minutes of intellectual stuff on television every Monday from 7:30 to 8. to educate America. They couldn't educate America if they started at 6:30. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I read that when the archaeologists dug down into the ancient cemetary, they found fragments of *human bones*! What kind of barbarians were these people, anyway? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I realize now that it's not enough that I *go* shopping with my wife - I have to *want* to go shopping with my wife. Which is why I've signed up for ACTING LESSONS.
whimsy	sfw	I realized the more fun I had, the more relaxed I was working, the better I worked. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	I recently took up ice sculpting. Last night I made an ice cube. This morning I made 12, I was prolific. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I regard belief as a form of brain damage, the death of intelligence, the fracture of creativity, the atrophy of imagination. - Robert Anton Wilson
whimsy	sfw	I remember how, in college, I got that part-time job as a circus clown, and how the children would laugh and laugh at me. I vowed, then and there, that I would get revenge. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I remixed a remix, it was back to normal. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I saw a human pyramid once. It was very unnecessary. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I saw nothing unusual in the teacher's lounge.
whimsy	sfw	I sent the club a wire stating, PLEASE ACCEPT MY RESIGNATION. I DON'T WANT TO BELONG TO ANY CLUB THAT WILL ACCEPT ME AS A MEMBER. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I should not be twenty-one by now.
whimsy	sfw	I think Superman and Santa Claus are actually the same guy, and I'll tell you why: Both fly, both wear red, and both have a beard. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think a good movie would be about a guy who's a brain scientist, but he gets hit on the head and it damages the part of the brain that makes you want to study the brain. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think a new, different kind of bowling should be "carpet bowling." It's just like regular bowling, only the lanes are carpet instead of wood. I don't know why we should do this, but my God, we've got to try something! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think all phases of one's career are serious if you take it seriously no matter if you are doing high profile dramatic pieces or not. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	I think college administrators should encourage students to urinate on walls and bushes, because then when students from another college come sniffing around, they'll know this is someone else's territory. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think foosball is a combination of soccer and shish kabobs. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I think in one of my previous lives I was a mighty king, because I like people to do what I say. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think it's high time we started questioning the old cliches like "Grunt big for Daddy." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think midlife crisis is just a point where people's careers have reached some plateau and they have to reflect on their personal relationships. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	I think my favorite monster movie is "Gone With the Wind", because it has that ear monster and that big-dress monster. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think my new thing will be to try to be a real happy guy. I'll just walk around being real happy until some jerk says something stupid to me. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think my own strengths are in television production. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	I think one reason I could be a good playboy is I would be willing to spend the time required to really fix up my "pad". -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think one way police departments could make some money would be to hold a yard sale of murder weapons. Many people, for example, could probably use a cheap ice pick. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think somebody should come up with a way to breed a very large shrimp. That way, you could ride him, then after you camped at night, you could eat him. How about it, science? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think somebody should come up with a way to breed a very large shrimp. That way, you could ride him, then, after you camped at night, you could eat him. How about it, science? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think someone should have had the decency to tell me the luncheon was free. To make someone run out with potato salad in his hand, pretending he's throwing up, is not what I call hospitality. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think someone should have had the decency to tell me the luncheon was free. To make someone run out with potato salad in his hand, pretending that he's throwing up, is not what I call hospitality. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think that a hat which has a little cannon that fires and then goes back inside the hat is at least a decade away. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think the mistake a lot of us make is thinking the state-appointed psychiatrist is our "friend." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think the monkeys at the zoo should have to wear sunglasses so they can't hypnotize you. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think there probably should be a rule that if you're talking about how many loaves of bread a bullet will go through, it's understood that you mean lengthwise loaves. Otherwise, it makes no sense. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think they should continue the policy of not giving a Nobel Prize for paneling. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I think when you go on trial they should have a parrot there that says guilty or not guilty for you, as a sort of courtesy. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I thought "Chariots of Fire" was a remake of "Ben Hur" with flame throwers.
whimsy	sfw	I throw a Christmas party at my house. It's not really a Christmas party, because I don't want to call it a Christmas party. But let's just say I put a lot of Christmas trees around the house, so it smells good. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	I trust fast poison The stars to wink out And you, my love - and you. - Lyric from "The Void", by Minstrel d'Becevex, CY 7956
whimsy	sfw	I use memories but I do not allow memories to use me. - Shiva Sutras
whimsy	sfw	I used to be a hot-tar roofer. Yeah, I remember that... day. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I wake up every day both wanting to change the world and to have one heck of a good time. Sometimes this makes planning the day difficult. - E.B. White
whimsy	sfw	I want to get a vending machine, with fun sized candy bars, and the glass in front is a magnifying glass. You'll be mad, but it will be too late. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I want to secede but don't know which state I'm in.
whimsy	sfw	I wanted to buy a candle holder, but the store didn't have one. So I got a cake. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I was at this casino minding my own business, and this guy came up to me and said, 'You're gonna have to move, you're blocking a fire exit.' As though if there was a fire, I wasn't gonna run. If you're flammible and have legs, you are never blocking a fire exit. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I was born in 1940 in Minnesota and grew up in the country... dirt roads, swamps, lakes, woods. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	I was doing political cartoons and getting angry to the point where I felt I was going to have to start making and throwing bombs. I thought I was probably a better cartoonist than a bomb maker. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	I was getting frustrated with America. It's interesting how as simple a thing as, like, letting your hair grow longer changed in the world in those days. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	I was in love with a beautiful blonde once. She drove me to drink. That's the one thing I'm indebted to her for. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I was not the inspiration for "Kramer."
whimsy	sfw	I was not the sixth Beatle.
whimsy	sfw	I was not touched "there" by an angel.
whimsy	sfw	I was told not to do this.
whimsy	sfw	I was very interested in theatre, mostly in stage design. I did a little bit of acting. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	I wasn't nominated for "Best Spoken Swear Word".
whimsy	sfw	I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I went to Second City, where you learned to make the other actor look good so you looked good and National Lampoon, where you had to create everything out of nothing, and SNL, where you couldn't make any mistakes, and you learned what collaboration was. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	I will finish what I sta
whimsy	sfw	I will never lie about being cancelled again.
whimsy	sfw	I will never win an Emmy.
whimsy	sfw	I will not
whimsy	sfw	I will not "let the dogs out".
whimsy	sfw	I will not Xerox my butt.
whimsy	sfw	I will not aim for the head.
whimsy	sfw	I will not ask my guidance counselor why he couldn't get a better job.
whimsy	sfw	I will not barf unless I'm sick.
whimsy	sfw	I will not belch the national anthem.
whimsy	sfw	I will not bet with Bart on the Final Four.
whimsy	sfw	I will not bite the hand that feeds me Butterfingers. (reference to his Butterfinger commercials and how, after a blatant jab two episodes earlier, the ads had been canceled)
whimsy	sfw	I will not bring sheep to class.
whimsy	sfw	I will not burp in class.
whimsy	sfw	I will not bury the new kid.
whimsy	sfw	I will not buy a presidential pardon.
whimsy	sfw	I will not call my teacher "Hot Cakes".
whimsy	sfw	I will not call my teacher 'Prancer' and 'Vixen'.
whimsy	sfw	I will not call the principal "spud head".
whimsy	sfw	I will not carve gods.
whimsy	sfw	I will not celebrate meaningless milestones.
whimsy	sfw	I will not charge admission to the bathroom.
whimsy	sfw	I will not complain about the solution when I hear it.
whimsy	sfw	I will not concede the election till Karl Rove gives me permission.
whimsy	sfw	I will not conduct my own fire drills.
whimsy	sfw	I will not create art from dung.
whimsy	sfw	I will not cut corners.
whimsy	sfw	I will not dance on anyone's grave.
whimsy	sfw	I will not defame New Orleans.
whimsy	sfw	I will not demand what I'm worth.
whimsy	sfw	I will not dissect things unless instructed.
whimsy	sfw	I will not do "the dirty bird."
whimsy	sfw	I will not do anything bad ever again.
whimsy	sfw	I will not do that thing with my tongue.
whimsy	sfw	I will not draw naked ladies in class.
whimsy	sfw	I will not drive the principal's car.
whimsy	sfw	I will not eat things for money.
whimsy	sfw	I will not encourage others to fly.
whimsy	sfw	I will not fake rabies.
whimsy	sfw	I will not fake seizures.
whimsy	sfw	I will not fight the future.
whimsy	sfw	I will not file frivolous lawsuits.
whimsy	sfw	I will not flip the classroom upside down.
whimsy	sfw	I will not flush evidence.
whimsy	sfw	I will not get very far with this attitude.
whimsy	sfw	I will not go near the kindergarten turtle.
whimsy	sfw	I will not grease the monkey bars.
whimsy	sfw	I will not hang donuts on my person.
whimsy	sfw	I will not have fun with educational toys.
whimsy	sfw	I will not hide behind the Fifth Amendment.
whimsy	sfw	I will not hide the teacher's Prozac.
whimsy	sfw	I will not hide the teacher's medication.
whimsy	sfw	I will not illegally download this movie.
whimsy	sfw	I will not instigate revolution.
whimsy	sfw	I will not laminate dog doo.
whimsy	sfw	I will not leak the plot of the movie.
whimsy	sfw	I will not look up what teacher makes.
whimsy	sfw	I will not make flatulent noises in class.
whimsy	sfw	I will not make fun of Cupid's dink.
whimsy	sfw	I will not mess with the opening credits.
whimsy	sfw	I will not mock Mrs. Dumbface.
whimsy	sfw	I will not mock teacher's outdated cell phone.
whimsy	sfw	I will not obey the voices in my head.
whimsy	sfw	I will not order pregnant rats
whimsy	sfw	I will not pay my sister to do my punishment.
whimsy	sfw	I will not plant subliminAL messaGOREs.
whimsy	sfw	I will not pledge allegiance to Bart.
whimsy	sfw	I will not prescribe medication.
whimsy	sfw	I will not publish the principal's credit report.
whimsy	sfw	I will not put hot sauce in the CPR dummy.
whimsy	sfw	I will not re-transmit without the express permission of Major League Baseball.
whimsy	sfw	I will not replace a candy heart with a frog's heart.
whimsy	sfw	I will not ridicule teacher's Final Four bracket.
whimsy	sfw	I will not say "Springfield" just to get applause.
whimsy	sfw	I will not scare the vice president.
whimsy	sfw	I will not scream for ice cream.
whimsy	sfw	I will not sell land in Florida.
whimsy	sfw	I will not sell miracle cures.
whimsy	sfw	I will not sell my kidney on eBay.
whimsy	sfw	I will not sell school property.
whimsy	sfw	I will not sell school property.Same as Bart Gets Hit by a Car
whimsy	sfw	I will not send lard through the mail.
whimsy	sfw	I will not shirk my responsibilities.
whimsy	sfw	I will not show off.
whimsy	sfw	I will not skateboard in the halls.
whimsy	sfw	I will not sleep through my education.
whimsy	sfw	I will not snap bras.
whimsy	sfw	I will not spank others.
whimsy	sfw	I will not speculate on how hot my teacher used to be.
whimsy	sfw	I will not spin the turtle.
whimsy	sfw	I will not squeak chalk.
whimsy	sfw	I will not strut around like I own the place.
whimsy	sfw	I will not surprise the incontinent.
whimsy	sfw	I will not teach others to fly.
whimsy	sfw	I will not tease Fatty.
whimsy	sfw	I will not torment the emotionally frail.
whimsy	sfw	I will not trade pants with others.
whimsy	sfw	I will not tweet as the principal's toilet.
whimsy	sfw	I will not use abbrev.
whimsy	sfw	I will not use permanent ink on the chalkboard.
whimsy	sfw	I will not wait 20 years to make another movie.
whimsy	sfw	I will not waste chalk.
whimsy	sfw	I will not wear white after Labor Day.
whimsy	sfw	I will not whittle hall passes out of soap.
whimsy	sfw	I will not write "audit please" on Homer's tax return.
whimsy	sfw	I will not yell "Fire" in a crowded classroom.
whimsy	sfw	I will not yell "She's dead" during roll call.
whimsy	sfw	I will obey Oscar campaign rules from now on.
whimsy	sfw	I will only do this once a year.
whimsy	sfw	I will only provide a urine sample when asked.
whimsy	sfw	I will remember to take my medication.
whimsy	sfw	I will return the seeing-eye dog.
whimsy	sfw	I will stop asking when Santa goes to the bathroom.
whimsy	sfw	I will stop losing 50% of my NFL lead-in.
whimsy	sfw	I will stop phoning it in.
whimsy	sfw	I will stop talking about the twelve inch pianist.
whimsy	sfw	I will watch all 600 episodes without sleeping.
whimsy	sfw	I wish I could play little league now. I'd be way better than before. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I wish I could shrink down to the size of an ant. And maybe there would be thousands of other people shrunken down to ant-size, and we would get together and dig tunnels down into the ground and live there. But don't ever call us "ants," because we hate that. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wish I had a Kryptonite cross, because then you could keep both Dracula AND Superman away. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wish I had a dollar for every time I spent a dollar, because then, yahoo!, I'd have all my money back. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wish I had a kryptonite cross, because then you could keep both Dracula AND Superman away. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wish I would have a real tragic love affair and get so bummed out that I'd just quit my job and become a bum for a few years, because I was thinking about doing that anyway. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wish a robot would get elected President. That way, when he came to town, we could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wish a robot would get elected president. That way, when he came to town, we could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wish everybody would have to have an electric thing implanted in our heads that gave us a shock whenever we did something to disobey the president. Then somehow I get myself elected president. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wish my name was Brian because maybe sometimes people would misspell my name and call me Brain. That's like a free compliment and you don't even gotta be smart to notice it. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I wish my name was Todd, because then I could say, "Yes, my name's Todd. Todd Blankenship." Oh, also I wish my last name was Blankenship. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wish outer-space guys would conquer Earth and make people their pets, because I'd like to have one of those little basket-beds with my name on it. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wish scientists would come up with a way to make dogs a lot bigger, but with a smaller head. That way, they'd still be good as watchdogs, but they wouldn't eat so much. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wish scientists would come up with an ear of corn that was big and round, because then when you were eating it, it'd be fun to make chew marks in the shape of continents. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wish there was a disease where you're afraid of clouds, because I think I could cure it. First, you sit the patient down and have a long personal talk. After that, I'm not sure, but maybe you could throw some water in his face or something. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wish to be cremated. One tenth of my ashes shall be given to my agent, as written in our contract. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I won't belong to any organization that would have me as a member. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I won't not use no double negatives.
whimsy	sfw	I wonder if Dracula ever has ticks. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wonder if angels believe in ghosts. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I wonder if the polite thing to do is always the right thing to do. When I met the family from Japan, they all bowed. I pretended like I was going to bow, but then I just kept going and flipped over on my back. I did this five times. I think they got the point. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I worked my way up from nothing to a state of extreme poverty. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I would imagine that if you could understand Morse code, a tap dancer would drive you crazy. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I would rather have a mind opened by wonder than one closed by belief. - Gerry Spence
whimsy	sfw	I would suggest that today, we know about as much concerning the human mind as we knew about the galaxy in 1300. - Alan Watts
whimsy	sfw	I wouldn't like to be that famous, I value my privacy. Mind you, Miss Piggy enjoys every moment of it. If it were not for me, she would spend all her time in the limelight. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	I'd like to be buried Indian-style, where they put you up on a high rack, above the ground. That way, you could get hit by meteorites and not even feel it. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I'd like to get four people who do cart wheels very good, and make a cart. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I'd like to read a book sometime. I've never read a book before. That'd be an adventure. I understand they have pages and everything. Yeah, I've got to do that sometime. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	I'd like to see Paris before I die... Philadelphia will do. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	I'd like to see a nature film where an eagle swoops down and pulls a fish out of a lake, and then maybe he's flying along, low to the ground, and the fish pulls a worm out of the ground. Now that's a documentary! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I'd like to see a nude opera, because when they hit those high notes I bet you can really see it in those genitals. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I'd like to see a nude opera, because when they hit those high notes, I bet you can really see it in those genitals. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I'd rather be rich than stupid. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I'll tell you something, if you want to make sense out of this program, you got to give it your undivided attention.
whimsy	sfw	I'm Ranger Gord... what year is it?
whimsy	sfw	I'm a nut, but not just a nut. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I'm gonna fix that last joke by taking out all the words and adding new ones. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I'm just guessing, but probably one of the early signs that your radarscope is wearing out is something I call "image fuzz-out." But I've never even seen a radarscope, so I wouldn't totally go by what I've just said here. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I'm leaving because the weather is too good. I hate London when it's not raining. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I'm not a real movie star. I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	I'm not an art director; I'm just not. I've always been somebody who has a sensibility that I hope is the same sensibility of others. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	I'm not feeling very well - I need a doctor immediately. Ring the nearest golf course. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I'm not here on a Spitball scholar.
whimsy	sfw	I'm not politically committed at all in the popular sense; that is, to any party. I'm committed to whatever's best for the normal working person. I'm not a great fan of politics. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they're goin', and hook up with them later. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	I'm so very tired.
whimsy	sfw	I'm sorry I broke the blackboard.
whimsy	sfw	I'm telling you, just attach a big parachute TO THE PLANE ITSELF! Is anyone listening to me?! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	I've always wanted to do non-comedies. I've always done dramas, comedies, music, and I always like to bop around and do different things. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	I've been lucky, I've had movies that made a lot of money, so I don't feel like I have to kill every time out. I don't want that pressure. I don't need it. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	I've got the brain of a four year old. I'll bet he was glad to be rid of it. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	I've never felt any sense of competition with anybody, and we're all friends; we're all good friends. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	I've never made any horrible, horrible movies. If you don't ruin your reputation, you can always get work. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	I've rewritten a lot of the scripts I've done. 'Little Shop Of Horrors' was a complete rewrite, but I didn't touch the dialogue. Essentially, I'm a very good editor. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	IV.17 When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self. - Confucius
whimsy	sfw	Idle hands are the Devil's tools
whimsy	sfw	If Alien was my friend, I'd like to be with him when he went to the dentist. When they started drilling, he'd probably go nuts and start eating everybody. That Alien! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If Chuck Norris had performed in 300, the film would be called 1.
whimsy	sfw	If Chuck Norris round-house kicks you, you will die. If Chuck Norris' misses you with the round-house kick, the wind behind the kick will tear out your pancreas.
whimsy	sfw	If Chuck Norris wants your opinion, he'll beat it into you.
whimsy	sfw	If God dwells inside us, like some people say, I sure hope He likes enchiladas, because that's what He's getting! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If I come back as a horsefly, I think my favorite thing would be to land on someone's lip. Even if they smash you, ick!, you're all over their lip! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If I come back as an animal in my next lifetime, I hope it's some type of parasite, because this is the part where I take it EASY! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If I could be a bird, I think I'd be a penguin, because then I could walk around on two feet with a lot of other guys like me. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If I ever become a mummy, I'm going to have it so when somebody opens my lid, a boxing glove on a spring shoots out. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If I ever do a book on the Amazon, I hope I am able to bring a certain lightheartedness to the subject, in a way that tell the reader we are going to have fun with this thing. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If I ever get real rich, I hope I'm not real mean to poor people, like I am now. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If I had a nickname, I think I would want it to be "Prince of Weasels", because then I could go up and bite people and they would turn around and go, "What the-?" And then they would recognize me, and go, "Oh, it's you, the Prince of Weasels." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses. - Henry Ford
whimsy	sfw	If I had nine of my fingers missing I wouldn't type any slower. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	If I had the time to sit down and write a thank-you note to everyone who sent me a nice, expensive present, what a wonderful world that would be! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If I had to live my life over, I'd live over a saloon. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	If I have seen farther than others, it is because I have stood on the shoulders of giants. - Isaac Newton
whimsy	sfw	If I held you any closer I would be on the other side of you. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	If I studied all my life, I couldn't think up half the number of funny things passed in one session of congress. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	If I try to be like him, who will be like me? - Yiddish proverb
whimsy	sfw	If I was a cowboy in a lynch mob, I think I'd try to stay near the back. That way, if somebody shamed us into disbanding, I could sort of slip off to the side and pretend I was window-shopping or something. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If I was a father in a waiting room, and the nurse came out and said, "Congratulations, it's a girl," I think a good gag would be to get real mad and yell, "A girl!? You must have me mixed up with THAT dork!" and point to another father. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If I was being executed by injection, I'd clean up my cell real neat. Then, when they came to get me, I'd say, "Injection? I thought you said `inspection'." They'd probably feel real bad, and maybe I could get out of it. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If I was the head of a country that lost a war, and I had to sign a peace treaty, just as I was signing I'd glance over the treaty and then suddenly act surprised. "Wait a minute! I thought WE won!" -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If Stupidity got us into this mess, then why can't it get us out? ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	If Villanova doesn't win we lose everything.
whimsy	sfw	If a busload of circus clowns is travelling through Mexico, is there any chance they will survive? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is "Probably because of something you did." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If a man finds a message in a bottle, is it funnier if instead of a message it contains a tiny little banana peel? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If a man points at the moon, an idiot will look at the finger. - Sufi wisdom
whimsy	sfw	If a person could find a better way to kill bugs, they would not only get rich, they'd probably get a lot more dates.
whimsy	sfw	If a problem is fixable, if a situation is such that you can do something about it, then there is no need to worry. If it’s not fixable, then there is no help in worrying. There is no benefit in worrying whatsoever. - Dalai Lama XIV (1935- )
whimsy	sfw	If a thing is worth doing at all, it’s worth doing badly. - G. K. Chesterton
whimsy	sfw	If a tree falls in the forest, does anybody hear? Yes. Chuck Norris hears it. Chuck Norris can hear everything. Chuck Norris can hear the shrieking terror in your soul.
whimsy	sfw	If a tree falls in the forest, on top of an old man with a walking stick, does he make a sound? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If advertisers spent the same amount of money on improving their products as they do on advertising then they wouldn't have to advertise them. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	If all mankind minus one were of one opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind. - John Stuart Mill
whimsy	sfw	If any man says he hates war more than I do, he better have a knife, that's all I have to say. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If anything, there's a difference in working with color in England and the color in the US. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	If at first you don't succeed, switch to power tools.
whimsy	sfw	If at first you don't succeed, you're not Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	If carrots got you drunk, rabbits would be messed-up. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	If doctors ever tell you that you've "flipped out," don't believe them, and just keep on doing what you were doing, because something tells me "the Man" is behind this. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If extreme idealism isn’t working out for you, maybe it is because you are not wholeheartedly following your own ideals. - Luke Palmer (blog post)
whimsy	sfw	If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing. - Anatole France
whimsy	sfw	If it ain't broke, you're not trying!
whimsy	sfw	If life deals you lemons, why not go kill someone with the lemons (maybe by shoving them down his throat)? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If life gives you lemons, throw 'em into a quart of vodka.
whimsy	sfw	If my dog had eaten as much homework as I said he did, he'd be passing firelogs!
whimsy	sfw	If my kid couldn't draw I'd make sure that my kitchen magnets didn't work. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	If my wife Bernice is watching, I'll be coming straight home after the meeting, and I learned today that you cannot change an ugly thing by hiding it. But I'm still not going to shave my beard off.
whimsy	sfw	If my wife is watching, I'll be coming straight home after the meeting... and all this lawyer stuff has got me thinkin', maybe later tonight, if you present me with your briefs, I'll recommend a merger.
whimsy	sfw	If my wife is watching, I'll be coming straight home and I'm bringing another bunch of flowers tonight. I do this a few times a year 'cause I'm really not too sure when our anniversary is and this way, everybody wins.
whimsy	sfw	If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is. - John von Neumann
whimsy	sfw	If repetition wasn't a good thing, why would people get married?
whimsy	sfw	If something is not beautiful, it is probably not true. - John Keats
whimsy	sfw	If tapped, a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick could power the country of Australia for 44 minutes.
whimsy	sfw	If the Commonwealth's High Guard had a weakness, it was this: Its officers were too competent, too caring, and too brave. Yin Man-Wei The Rise and Fall of the Systems Commonwealth CY 11942
whimsy	sfw	If the Vikings were around today, they would probably be amazed at how much glow-in-the-dark stuff we have, and how we take so much of it for granted. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If the captain invited me to his party, after he had whipped me earlier in the day, up on deck, I guess I'd go, but I'd try to find some excuse to leave early. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If the other fellow sells cheaper than you, it is called dumping. 'Course, if you sell cheaper than him, that's mass production. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	If the time ever comes when the world turns its back on something just because it's old and useless... well, that'll be a sad day for me and most of my fans.
whimsy	sfw	If the women don't find you handsome, they should at least find you handy.
whimsy	sfw	If the words ‘life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness’ don’t include the right to experiment with your own consciousness, then the Declaration of Independence isn’t worth the hemp it was written on. - Terence McKenna
whimsy	sfw	If the world is saved, it will not be saved by old minds with new programs but by new minds with no programs at all. - Daniel Quinn (The Story of B)
whimsy	sfw	If the world is to be saved at all, it won’t be saved by old minds with new programs, but by new minds with no programs. - Daniel Quinn
whimsy	sfw	If there was a big gardening convention, and you got up and gave a speech in favor of fast-motion gardening, I bet you would get booed right off the stage. They're just not ready. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If there's a will, prosperity can't be far behind. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	If there's ever an amusement park called Bag World, I bet it would really start to annoy you after a while how they really sort of stretch the definition of "bag." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If they ever come up with a swashbuckling School, I think one of the courses should be Laughing, Then Jumping Off Something. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If they have moving sidewalks in the future, when you get on them, I think you should have to assume sort of a walking shape so as not to frighten the dogs. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If two men agree on everything, you may be sure that one of them is doing the thinking. - Lyndon Baines Johnson
whimsy	sfw	If uncertainty is unacceptable to you, it turns into fear. If it is perfectly acceptable, it turns into aliveness, alertness, and creativity. - Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth
whimsy	sfw	If we are unduly absorbed in improving our lives we may forget altogether to live them. - Alan Watts
whimsy	sfw	If we do not live another day, say this over our pyre: They died like High Guard Lancers With their faces to the fire. Regimental Hymn of the 13th Imperial Lancers CY 4233
whimsy	sfw	If we would have new knowledge, we must get a whole world of new questions. - Susanne Langer
whimsy	sfw	If we're gonna have to start comparing things with flaws in them, I don't think you're going to have a very nice day.
whimsy	sfw	If we're so good at predicting, how come my dad bet on Atlanta?
whimsy	sfw	If words are to enter men’s minds and bear fruit, they must be the right words shaped cunningly to pass men’s defenses and explode silently and effectually within their minds. - J.B. Phillips
whimsy	sfw	If you add Chuck Norris to your friends list, all your other friends will instantly dissapear. You don't need them anymore.
whimsy	sfw	If you are depressed, you are living in the past. If you are anxious, you are living in the future. If you are at peace, you are living in the present. - Lao Tzu
whimsy	sfw	If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will avoid one hundred days of sorrow. - Chinese Proverb
whimsy	sfw	If you believe it will work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you believe it won’t you will see obstacles. - Wayne W Dyer
whimsy	sfw	If you can build a business up big enough, it's respectable. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you. If you can't see Chuck Norris, you may be only seconds away from death.
whimsy	sfw	If you can't be with the plane you love, love the plane you're with.
whimsy	sfw	If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bull. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	If you can't stay young, you can at least stay immature.
whimsy	sfw	If you can’t get out of it, get into it. - anon
whimsy	sfw	If you can’t solve a problem, then there’s an easier problem you can solve: find it. - George Polya
whimsy	sfw	If you concentrate on finding whatever is good in every situation, you will discover that your life will suddenly be filled with gratitude, a feeling that nurtures the soul. - Rabbi Harold Kushner
whimsy	sfw	If you define cowardice as running away at the first sign of danger, screaming and tripping and begging for mercy, then yes, Mister Brave Man, I guess I am a coward. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you define cowardice as running away at the first sign of danger, screaming and tripping and begging for mercy, then yes, Mr. Brave man, I guess I'm a coward. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you do not fling old ideas out of your mind, you cannot give birth to new ones. - Peter Dunov
whimsy	sfw	If you don’t like something, change it; if you can’t change it, change the way you think about it. - Engelbreit (via ktotheb)
whimsy	sfw	If you don’t read the newspaper you are uninformed; if you do read the newspaper you are misinformed. - Mark Twain
whimsy	sfw	If you don’t stick to your values when they’re being tested, they aren’t values. They’re hobbies. - Jon Stewart
whimsy	sfw	If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid seeing yourself in the mirror, because I bet that's what REALLY throws you into a panic. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you ever crawl inside an old hollow log and go to sleep, and while you're in there some guys come and seal up both ends and then put it on a truck and take it to another city, boy, I don't know what to tell you. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you ever discover that what you're seeing is a play within a play, just slow down, take a deep breath, and hold on for the ride of your life. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let 'em go, because, man, they're gone. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you ever fall off the Sears Tower, just go real limp, because maybe you'll look like a dummy and people will try to catch you because, hey, free dummy. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you ever feel like you're on the verge of a nervous breakdown, just follow these simple rules: First, calm down; second, come over and wash my car; third, shine all my shoes. There, isn't that better? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you ever go temporarily insane, don't shoot somebody, like a lot of people do. Instead, try to get some weeding done, because you'd really be surprised. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you ever have to steal money from your kid, and later on he discovers it's gone, I think a good thing to do is to blame it on Santa Claus. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you ever injected truth into politics you have no politics. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	If you ever reach total enlightenment while you're drinking a beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you ever teach a yodeling class, probably the hardest thing is to keep the students from just trying to yodel right off. You see, we BUILD to that. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you ever teach a yodeling class, probably the hardest thing is to keep the students from just trying to yodel right off. You see, we build to that. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you get invited to your first orgy, don't just show up nude. That's a common mistake. You have to let nudity "happen." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you give me six lines written by the most honest man, I will find something in them to hang him. - Cardinal Richelieu
whimsy	sfw	If you go flying back through time, and you see somebody else flying forward into the future, it's probably best to avoid eye contact. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and you friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were swimming. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were swimming. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you go through a lot of hammers each month, I don't think it necessarily means you're a hard worker. It may just mean that you have a lot to learn about proper hammer maintenance. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you go to a costume party at your boss's house, wouldn't you think a good costume would be to dress up like the boss's wife? Trust me, it's not. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you had a school for professional fireworks people, I don't think you could cover fuses in just one class. It's just too rich a subject. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you had to list the different types of haircuts in order of how warm they kept the head, you'd probably put the flat-top down near the bottom. But you know, I bet it's surprisingly warm. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you have the same problem for a long time, maybe it’s not a problem. Maybe it’s a fact. - Yitzhak Rabin
whimsy	sfw	If you haven't broken your Christmas presents yet, you're not trying.
whimsy	sfw	If you let yourself be absorbed completely, if you surrender completely to the moments as they pass, you live more richly those moments. - Anne Morrow Lindbergh
whimsy	sfw	If you lived in the Dark Ages, and you were a catapult operator, I bet the most common question people would ask is, "Can't you make it shoot farther?" No. I'm sorry. That's as far as it shoots. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	If you make ships in a bottle, I bet the thing that really makes your heart sink is when you look in, and there at the wheel is Captain Termite. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you never did, you should. These things are fun and fun is good. - Dr Suess
whimsy	sfw	If you rearrange the letters in "Chuck Norris", they also spell "Crush Rock In". The words "with his fists" are understood.
whimsy	sfw	If you saw two guys named Hambone and Flippy, which one would you think liked dolphins the most? I'd say Flippy, wouldn't you? You'd be wrong though. It's Hambone. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you saw two guys named Hambone and Flippy, which one would you think liked dolphins the most? I'd say Flippy, wouldn't you? You'd be wrong, though. It's Hambone. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you see an animal and you can't tell if it's a skunk or a cat, here's a good saying to help: "Black-and-white, stinks all right. Tabby-colored, likes a fella." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.
whimsy	sfw	If you think a weakness can be turned into a strength, I hate to tell you this, but that's another weakness. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you think you can do a thing or think you can’t do a thing, you’re right. - Henry Ford
whimsy	sfw	If you understand, things are just as they are; if you do not understand, things are just as they are. - Zen Proverb
whimsy	sfw	If you want happiness for an hour - take a nap. If you want happiness for a day - go fishing. If you want happiness for a month - get married. If you want happiness for a year - inherit a fortune. If you want happiness for a lifetime - help someone else. - Chinese Proverb
whimsy	sfw	If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	If you want to be the most popular person in your class, whenever the professor pauses in his lecture, just let out a big snort and say "How do you figger that!" real loud. Then lean back and sort of smirk. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you want to build a ship, don’t drum up people together to collect wood and don’t assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
whimsy	sfw	If you want to enjoy intimacy, you must learn to enjoy pain. - Marshall Rosenberg
whimsy	sfw	If you want to enter a state of grace, question the assumption you’re defending right now. - Byron Katie
whimsy	sfw	If you want to sue somebody, just get a little plastic skeleton and lay it in their yard. Then tell them their ants ate your baby. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you wear a toupee, why not let your friends try it on for a while? Come on, we're not going to hurt it. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you were a gladiator in olden days, I bet the inefficiency of how the gladiator fights were organized and scheduled would just drive you up a wall. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you were a pirate, you know what would be the one thing that would really make you mad? Treasure chests with no handles. How the hell are you supposed to carry it?! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you were a poor Indian with no weapons, and a bunch of conquistadores came up to you and asked where the gold was, I don't think it would be a good idea to say, "I swallowed it. So sue me." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you were a poor Indian with no weapons, and a bunch of conquistadors came up to you and asked where the gold was, I don't think it would be a good idea to say, "I swallowed it. So sue me." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you were an ancient barbarian, I bet a real embarrassing thing would be if you were sacking Rome and your cape got caught on something and you couldn't get it unhooked, and you had to ask another barbarian to unhook it for you. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you were somehow able to land a punch on Chuck Norris your entire arm would shatter upon impact. This is only in theory, since, come on, who in their right mind would try this?
whimsy	sfw	If you wish to see the truth then hold no opinion for or against. The struggle of what one likes and what one dislikes is the disease of the mind. - Hsin Hsin Ming
whimsy	sfw	If you wish to see the truth, then hold no opinion for or against - Osho (Rajneesh Chandra Mohan Jain)
whimsy	sfw	If you work in an office with Chuck Norris, don't ask him for his three-hole-punch.
whimsy	sfw	If you work on a lobster boat, sneaking up behind people and pinching them is probably a joke that gets old real fast. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you work on a lobster boat, sneaking up behind someone and pinching him is probably a joke that gets old real fast. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things. - Rene Descartes
whimsy	sfw	If you're a blacksmith, probably the proudest day of your life is when you get your first anvil. How innocent you are, little blacksmith. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're a boxing referee, it's probably illegal to wear a bow tie that spins or changes colors. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're a circus clown, and you have a dog that you use in your act, I don't think it's a good idea to also dress the dog up like a clown, because people see that and they think, "Forgive me, but that's just too much." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're a cowboy, and you're dragging a guy behind your horse, I bet it would really make you mad if you looked back and the guy was reading a magazine. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're a horse, and someone gets on you, and falls off, and then gets right back on you, I think you should buck him off right away. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're a pilot, you can use the roads and highways to steer your plane. Just remember, stay in the passing lane, or the motorists really yell at you.
whimsy	sfw	If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's real embarrassing if someone tries to kill you. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's really embarrassing if someone tries to kill you. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're an ant, and you're walking along across the top of a cup of pudding, you probably have no idea that the only thing between you and disaster is the strength of that pudding skin. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're an archaeologist, I bet it's real embarrassing to put together a skull from a bunch of ancient bone fragments, but then it turns out it's not a skull but just an old dried-out potato. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're driving down the road and you think Chuck Norris just cut you off, you better thank your lucky stars it wasn't the other way around.
whimsy	sfw	If you're ever selling your house, and some people come by, and a big rat comes out and he's dragging the rattrap because it didn't quite kill him, just tell the people he's your pet and that's a trick you taught him. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're ever shipwrecked on a tropical island and you don't know how to speak the natives' language, just say "Poppy-oomy." I bet it means something. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're ever stuck in some thick undergrowth in your underwear, don't stop and start thinking of what other words have "under" in them, because that's probably the first sign of jungle madness. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're in a war, instead of throwing a hand grenade at some guys, throw one of those little baby-type pumpkins. Maybe it'll make everyone think of how crazy war is, and while they're thinking, you can throw a real grenade. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're pretty happy, but you have a little Chihuahua that's always biting you on the ankles, still that's pretty good isn't it? I'm going to go ahead and keep you in the "happy" category. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're robbing a bank, and your pants suddenly fall down, I think it's okay to laugh, and to let the hostages laugh too, because come on, life is funny. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're traveling in a time machine, and you're eating corn on the cob, I don't think it's going to affect things one way or the other. But here's the point I'm trying to make: Corn on the cob is good, isn't it. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you're trying to remember a happy memory, don't think back to a time when you were ALSO thinking of a happy memory, because man, how long does this go on?! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If you've heard this story before, don't stop me, because I'd like to hear it again. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	If your friend is already dead, and being eaten by vultures, I think it's okay to feed some bits of your friend to one of the vultures, to teach him to do some tricks. But ONLY if you're serious about adopting the vulture. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If your friend is struck by lightning and he seems to be all right, but his hair is smoking, is it O.K. to laugh? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	If your wife's having a good time and you're not, you're still having a better time than if you're having a good time and she's not.
whimsy	sfw	If, by some incredible space-time paradox, Chuck Norris would ever fight himself, he'd win. Period.
whimsy	sfw	Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science. - Charles Darwin
whimsy	sfw	In 1990, Chuck Norris founded the non-profit organization "Kick Drugs Out of America". If the organization's name were "Roundhouse Kick Drugs out of America", there wouldn't be any drugs in the Western Hemisphere. Anywhere.
whimsy	sfw	In Hollywood the woods are full of people that learned to write but evidently can't read. If they could read their stuff, they'd stop writing. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	In Hollywood you can see things at night that are fast enough to be in the Olympics in the day time. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	In Hollywood, brides keep the bouquets and throw away the groom. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	In Japan, you have no idea what they are saying, and they can't help you either. Nothing makes any sense. They're very polite, but you feel like a joke is being played on you the entire time you're there. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	In a fight between Batman and Darth Vader, the winner would be Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	In a recent survey it was discovered the 94% of American women lost their virginity to Chuck Norris. The other 6% were incredibly fat or ugly.
whimsy	sfw	In a sense, recursive equations are the ‘assembly language’ of functional programming, and direct recursion the goto. - Jeremy Gibbons
whimsy	sfw	In a tagteam match, Chuck Norris was teamed with Hulk Hogan against King Kong Bundy and Andre The Giant. He pinned all 3 at the same time.
whimsy	sfw	In a time of drastic change, it is the learners who inherit the future. The learned find themselves equipped to live in a world that no longer exists . - Eric Hoffer
whimsy	sfw	In advertising, I was frustrated by having to deal with the client. It was the only time I really worked in a proper office, and I didn't like it-simple as that. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	In ancient China there is a legend that one day a child will be born from a dragon, grow to be a man, and vanquish evil from the land. That man is not Chuck Norris, because Chuck Norris killed that man.
whimsy	sfw	In fact, everybody changed...except me.
whimsy	sfw	In fine print on the last page of the Guinness Book of World Records it notes that all world records are held by Chuck Norris, and those listed in the book are simply the closest anyone else has ever gotten.
whimsy	sfw	In honor of Chuck Norris, all McDonald's in Texas have an even larger size than the super-size. When ordering, just ask to be "Norrisized".
whimsy	sfw	In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments; there are consequences. - Robert G. Ingersoll
whimsy	sfw	In order to be a star performer you have to have someone to play against. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	In order to forgive you must have blamed. If you don’t blame there is nothing to forgive. - Wayne Dyer
whimsy	sfw	In science, ‘fact’ can only mean ‘confirmed to such a degree that it would be perverse to withhold provisional assent.’ I suppose that apples might start to rise tomorrow, but the possibility does not merit equal time in physics classrooms. - Stephen Jay Gould
whimsy	sfw	In some places it's known as a tornado. In others, a cyclone. And in still others, the Idiot's Merry-go-round. But around here they'll always be known as screw-boys. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	In that it dulls curiosity, the obvious is the enemy of the true. - Conal Elliott
whimsy	sfw	In the Words of Julius Caesar, "Veni, Vidi, Vici, Chuck Norris". Translation: I came, I saw, and I was roundhouse-kicked inthe face by Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	In the X-Men movies, none of the X-Men super-powers are done with special effects. Chuck Norris is the stuntman for every character.
whimsy	sfw	In the absence of clearly-defined goals, we become loyal to performing daily trivia until we become enslaved by it. - Robert Heinlein
whimsy	sfw	In the beginner’s mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert’s there are few. - Shunryu Suzuki
whimsy	sfw	In the beginning there was nothing...then Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked that nothing in the face and said "Get a job". That is the story of the universe.
whimsy	sfw	In the end only three things matter: how fully you have lived, how deeply you have loved and how well you have learned to let go. - Buddhist saying
whimsy	sfw	In the first Jurassic Park movie, the Tyrannosaurus Rex wasn't chasing the jeep. Chuck Norris was chasing the Tyrannosaurus AND the jeep.
whimsy	sfw	In the future, we will hold jealousy as a call for support, not a proof of love. A love where no one sacrifices to another, but grace is evoked through the sharing of deep vulnerability. - Kelly Bryson
whimsy	sfw	In the medical community, death is referred to as "Chuck Norris Disease"
whimsy	sfw	In the most ordinary terms, egolessness is a flexible identity. It manifests as inquisitiveness, as adaptability, as humor, as playfulness. - Pema Chödrön
whimsy	sfw	In the movie "The Matrix", Chuck Norris is the Matrix. If you pay close attention in the green "falling code" scenes, you can make out the faint texture of his beard.
whimsy	sfw	In the sky, there is no distinction of east and west; people create distinctions out of their own minds and then believe them to be true. - Buddha
whimsy	sfw	In weightlifting, I don't think sudden, uncontrolled urination should automatically disqualify you. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Indian burns are not our cultural heritage.
whimsy	sfw	Industrial logging isn't the cause of deforestation. Chuck Norris needs toothpicks.
whimsy	sfw	Insanity in individuals is something rare —- but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule. - Friedrich Nietzsche
whimsy	sfw	Inside every large program is a small program struggling to get out. - Tony Hoare
whimsy	sfw	Instead of a Seeing Eye dog, what about a gun? It's cheaper than a dog, plus if you walk around shooting all the time people are going to get out of the way. Cars, too! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Instead of burning a guy at the stake, what about burning him at the STILTS? It probably lasts longer, plus it moves around. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Instead of having "answers" on a math test, they should just call them "impressions," and if you got a different "impression," so what, can't we all be brothers? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Instead of putting a quarter under a kid's pillow, how about a pinecone? That way, he learns that "wishing" isn't going to save our national forests. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Instead of studying for finals, what about just going to the Bahamas and catching some rays? Maybe you'll flunk, but you might have flunked anyway; that's my point. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Instead of trying to build newer and bigger weapons of destruction, mankind should be thinking about getting more use out of the weapons we already have. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Is a hippopotamus a hippopotamus, or just a really cool Opotamus? -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	Is pointing and laughing something we do naturally, or do we have to learn it? Likewise, can someone without a sense of humor be taught to have one, or must it be beaten into him? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Is there a story that would best illustrate what humor is, and, if so, what would that story be? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Is there humor on other planets, and is it so advanced that it makes our fart jokes look crude and primitive? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Isn't it funny how one minute life can be such a struggle, and the next minute you're just driving real fast, swerving back and forth across the road? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Isn't it funny how we'll look out the window at the moon, and then we notice it's not the moon but a streetlight? Also what's funny is how we do this every night. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Isn't it funny how whenever we go to a county fair or a state fair, the first thing we do is see if they have some kind of pornography booth? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	It ain’t what you don’t know that gets you into trouble. It’s what you know for sure that just ain’t so. - Mark Twain
whimsy	sfw	It does not suck to be you.
whimsy	sfw	It does not take much strength to do things, but it requires great strength to decide what to do. - Elbert Hubbard
whimsy	sfw	It doesn't matter what you think, Harold. If you were married, you'd know that.
whimsy	sfw	It has always been difficult to get Big Bird to be very pretty. Big Bird in England is much more gorgeous. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	It is believed dinosaurs are extinct due to a giant meteor. That's true if you want to call Chuck Norris a giant meteor.
whimsy	sfw	It is better to believe than to disbelieve, in so doing you bring everything to the realm of possibility. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	It is better to give than to receive. This is especially true of a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
whimsy	sfw	It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends on his not understanding it. - Upton Sinclair
whimsy	sfw	It is easier to fight for one’s principles than to live up to them. - Alfred Adler
whimsy	sfw	It is easy enough to be friendly to one’s friends. But to befriend the one who regards himself as your enemy is the quintessence of true religion. The other is mere business. - Mohandas K. Gandhi
whimsy	sfw	It is far better to grasp the universe as it really is than to persist in delusion, however satisfying and reassuring. - Carl Sagan
whimsy	sfw	It is foolish to answer a question that you do not understand. - George Polya
whimsy	sfw	It is good to have an end to journey towards; but it is the journey that matters in the end. - Ursula K. Le Guin
whimsy	sfw	It is impossible for a man to learn what he thinks he already knows. - Epictetus
whimsy	sfw	It is no measure of health to be well adjusted to a profoundly sick society. - Krishnamurti
whimsy	sfw	It is not because things are difficult that we dare not venture. It is because we dare not venture that they are difficult. - Seneca
whimsy	sfw	It is not only not right, it is not even wrong. - Wolfgang Pauli
whimsy	sfw	It is not that he is ignorant, it is that so much of what he knows is not true. - Mark Twain
whimsy	sfw	It is not the strongest of the species that survive, nor the most intelligent, but the one most responsive to change. - Charles Darwin
whimsy	sfw	It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
whimsy	sfw	It is our duty as human beings to proceed as though the limits of our capabilities do not exist. - Teilhard de Chardin
whimsy	sfw	It is physically impossible to drink a five-gallon pail full of water while lying down.
whimsy	sfw	It is preoccupation with possessions, more than anything else, that prevents us from living freely and nobly. - Bertrand Russell
whimsy	sfw	It is said that looking into Chuck Norris' eyes will reveal your future. Unfortunately, everybody's future is always the same: death by a roundhouse-kick to the face.
whimsy	sfw	It is scientifically impossible for Chuck Norris to have had a mortal father. The most popular theory is that he went back in time and fathered himself.
whimsy	sfw	It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. - Aristotle
whimsy	sfw	It is the questions in life that move us forward, not the answers. - Anon (heard a talk from Unity of Hawaii in a podcast about the Yin & Yang of attachment)
whimsy	sfw	It is what we think we know already that often prevents us from learning. - Claude Bernard
whimsy	sfw	It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be unhappy. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	It isn't what we don't know that gives us trouble, it's what we know that ain't so. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	It makes me mad when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at Marineland says, "You can't throw that chicken to the dolphins. They eat fish." Sure they eat fish, if that's all you give them! Man, wise up. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	It makes me mad when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at the Marineland says, "You can't throw chicken to the dolphins. They eat fish." Sure they eat fish, if that's all you give them. Man, wise up. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	It makes me mad when people say I turned and ran like a scared rabbit. Maybe it was like an angry rabbit, who was going to fight in another fight, away from the first fight. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	It requires a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious. - Alfred North Whitehead
whimsy	sfw	It takes 14 puppeteers to make Chuck Norris smile, but only 2 to make him destroy an orphanage.
whimsy	sfw	It takes Chuck Norris 20 minutes to watch 60 Minutes.
whimsy	sfw	It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	It was a woman who drove me to drink, and I never had the courtesy to thank her for it. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	It was lights, camera, inaction. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	It's 'Facebook', not 'Assbook'.
whimsy	sfw	It's 85 million dollars and they got to be really careful because they are going to need me. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	It's November 6th -- How come we're not airing a Halloween show?
whimsy	sfw	It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	It's been interesting how kids have had hardly any problems watching it, but adults have more trouble. This happened way back even with Jabberwocky and Time Bandits. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	It's easy being a humorist when you've got the whole government working for you. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	It's easy to sit and scoff at an old man's folly. But also, check out his Adam's apple! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	It's easy to sit there and say you'd like to have more money. And I guess that's what I like about it. It's easy. Just sitting there, rocking back and forth, wanting that money. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	It's fascinating to think that all around us there's an invisible world we can't even see. I'm speaking, of course, of the World of the Invisible Scary Skeletons. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	It's funny that pirates were always going around searching for treasure, and they never realized that the real treasure was the fond memories they were creating. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	It's interesting to think that my ancestors used to live in the trees, like apes, until finally they got the nerve to head out onto the plains, where some were probably hit by cars. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	It's into the same bag as E.T. and Yoda, wherein you're trying to create something that people will actually believe, but it's not so much a symbol of the thing, but you're trying to do the thing itself. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	It's morally wrong to allow a sucker to keep his money. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	It's not good to let any kid near a container that has a skull and crossbones on it, because there might be a skeleton costume inside and the kid could put it on and really scare you. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	It's not too early to speculate about the 2016 election.
whimsy	sfw	It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	It's okay to give a little as long as you get a lot. That's called free trade.
whimsy	sfw	It's potato, not potatoe.
whimsy	sfw	It's probably not a good idea to be chewing on a toothpick if you're talking to the president, because what if he tells a funny joke and you laugh so hard you spit the toothpick out and it hits him in the face or something. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	It's too bad that whole families have to be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	It's true that every time you hear a bell, an angel gets his wings. But what they don't tell you is, every time you hear a mousetrap snap, an angel gets set on fire. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	It's unfair to judge a president on his first 300 days.
whimsy	sfw	It's very dangerous to wave to people you don't know because what if they don't have hands? They'll think you're cocky. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	It's weird... people say they're not like apes. Now how do you explain football then? -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	It's widely believed that Jesus was Chuck Norris' stunt double for crucifixion due to the fact that it is impossible for nails to pierce Chuck Norris' skin.
whimsy	sfw	It’s a healthy thing to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted. - Bertrand Russell
whimsy	sfw	It’s a poor sort of memory that only works backwards. - Lewis Carroll
whimsy	sfw	It’s never too late to have a happy childhood. - Tom Robbins
whimsy	sfw	It’s never what people do that make us angry, it’s what we tell ourselves about what they did. - Marshall Rosenberg
whimsy	sfw	It’s not good to settle into a set of opinions; it’s a mistake to put in effort and obtain some understanding and stop at that. - Hagakure
whimsy	sfw	It’s not what you look at that matters; it’s what you see. - Henry David Thoreau
whimsy	sfw	It’s only when we truly know and understand that we have a limited time on earth - and that we have no way of knowing when our time is up, we will then begin to live each day to the fullest, as if it was the only one we had. - Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
whimsy	sfw	It’s really hard to design products by focus groups. A lot of times, people don’t know what they want until you show it to them. - Steve Jobs
whimsy	sfw	It’s very dangerous to mix up the words natural and habitual. We have been trained to be quite habitual at communicating in ways that are quite unnatural. - Mohandas K. Gandhi
whimsy	sfw	I’ve had a lot of trouble in my life—most of which never happened. - Mark Twain
whimsy	sfw	Jack Bauer tried to use his detailed knowledge of torture techniques, but to no avail: Chuck Norris thrives on pain. Chuck Norris then ripped off Jack Bauer's arm and beat him to death with it. Game, set, match.
whimsy	sfw	James Cameron wanted Chuck Norris to play the Terminator. However, upon reflection, he realized that would have turned his movie into a documentary, so he went with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
whimsy	sfw	January is not Bart History Month.
whimsy	sfw	Je ne parle pas français.
whimsy	sfw	Je ne suis pas français
whimsy	sfw	Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can walk on Jesus.
whimsy	sfw	Jesus is not mad his birthday is on Christmas.
whimsy	sfw	Jesus' last words were not 'TGIF'.
whimsy	sfw	John Cleese was with a group called Cambridge Circus, who had come to New York, and we became friends. Years later that produced a certain team effort. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	Judas Priest is not 'death metal'.
whimsy	sfw	July 4th is Independence day. And the day Chuck Norris was born. Coincidence? i think not.
whimsy	sfw	Jump and the net will appear. - Mick Ebeling
whimsy	sfw	Just as bees will swarm about to protect their nest, so will I "swarm about" to protect my nest of chocolate eggs. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Just as irrigation is the lifeblood of the Southwest, lifeblood is the soup of cannibals. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Just because swans mate for life, I don't think it's that big of a deal. First of all, if you're a swan, you're probably not going to find a swan that looks that much better than the one you've got, so why not mate for life? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	KLUDGE (Klooj) - N. Disparaging term for genetically unmodified human being. See also "�ber" A Concise Dictionary of Slang and Euphemism C.Y. 9021
whimsy	sfw	Keep away from people who try to belittle your ambitions. Small people always do that, but the really great make you feel that you, too, can become great. - Mark Twain
whimsy	sfw	Keep your stick on the ice.
whimsy	sfw	Kenny G is allowed to live because Chuck Norris doesn't kill women.
whimsy	sfw	Kiss slowly, laugh insanely, live truly, and forgive quickly. - Paulo Coelho
whimsy	sfw	Knowing all truth is less than doing a little bit of good. - Albert Schweitzer
whimsy	sfw	Knowing pain is a very important ingredient of being there for another person. - Pema Chödrön
whimsy	sfw	Kryptonite has been found to contain trace elements of Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks to the face. This is why it is so deadly to Superman.
whimsy	sfw	Language etches the grooves through which your thoughts must flow. - Noam Chomsky
whimsy	sfw	Language shapes the way we think, and determines what we can think about. - Benjamin Lee Whorf (Language, Thought, and Reality, 1964)
whimsy	sfw	Last week, I went to Philadelphia, but it was closed. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Last year we said, 'Things can't go on like this', and they didn't, they got worse. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Laugh, clown, laugh. This is what I tell myself whenever I dress up like Bozo. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Laurie got offended that I used the word "puke." But to me, that's what her dinner tasted like. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Lawrence Binyon
whimsy	sfw	Learn from my mistakes - someone should.
whimsy	sfw	Learning is remembering what you’re interested in. - Richard Saul Wurman
whimsy	sfw	Learning of all kinds goes on best, lasts best, and tends to lead itself on more when it grows out of a real focus of interest in the learner. - Carl Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Let advertisers spend the same amount of money improving their product that they do on advertising and they wouldn't have to advertise it. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Let everything happen to you: beauty and terror. Just keep going. No feeling is final. - Rainer Maria Rilke
whimsy	sfw	Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God’s kindness: kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile. - Mother Teresa
whimsy	sfw	Let us so live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry. - Mark Twain
whimsy	sfw	Let yourself be open and life will be easier. A spoon of salt in a glass of water makes the water undrinkable. A spoon of salt in a lake is almost unnoticed. - Buddha
whimsy	sfw	Let's be honest: Isn't a lot of what we call tap dancing really just nerves? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Lettin' the cat outta the bag is a whole lot easier 'n puttin' it back in. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Liberty doesn't work as well in practice as it does in speeches. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Life becomes easier when you learn to accept an apology you never got. - Robert Brault
whimsy	sfw	Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. - Soren Kierkegaard
whimsy	sfw	Life cannot be possessed. You cannot have it in your fist. If you want to have it, you have to keep your hands open. - Osho
whimsy	sfw	Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
whimsy	sfw	Life is a long lesson in humility. - James Barrie
whimsy	sfw	Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. Where people fail is that they wish to elect a state and remain in it. This is a kind of death. - Anaïs Nin
whimsy	sfw	Life is an adventure in forgiveness. - Norman Cousins
whimsy	sfw	Life is like Sanskrit read to a pony. - Lou Reed
whimsy	sfw	Life is not, in fact, like a box of chocolates. It is more like a box of Chuck Norris, roundhouse kicking you in the face. And if you receive a box of Chuck Norris, you ALWAYS know what you are going to get.
whimsy	sfw	Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	Life? Life's pretty much a knife fight in a dirt-floored bar. And if they get you down, you best get back up. Gunnery Sergeant Hywell Cy'rabia, CY 4681
whimsy	sfw	Like jewels in a crown, the precious stones glittered in the queen's round metal hat. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Literally overnight, I became an animator... and one that was well-known. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	Little Miss Muffet sat on her tuffet, until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked her into a glacier.
whimsy	sfw	Little known medical fact: Chuck Norris invented the Caesarean section when he roundhouse-kicked his way out of his monther's womb.
whimsy	sfw	Live in such a way that you would not be ashamed to sell your parrot to the town gossip. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Live out of your imagination, not your history. - Stephen Covey
whimsy	sfw	Loose teeth don't need my help.
whimsy	sfw	Love can sweep you off your feet and carry you along in a way you've never known before. But the ride always ends, and you end up feeling lonely and bitter. Wait. It's not love I'm describing. I'm thinking of a monorail. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Love does not hurt. Chuck Norris does.
whimsy	sfw	Love is a symbol of eternity. It wipes out all sense of time, destroying all memory of a beginning and all fear of an end. - Germain de Stael
whimsy	sfw	Love is not something that you can put chains on and throw into a lake. That's called Houdini. Love is liking someone a lot. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Love is the beginning of the journey, its end, and the journey itself. - Depak Chopra
whimsy	sfw	Love possesses not nor would it be possessed; For love is sufficient unto love - Kahlil Gibran
whimsy	sfw	Love your enemies because they bring out the best in you. - Friedrich Nietzsche
whimsy	sfw	Love? Truth? Beauty? I prefer negotiable securities. Doge Miskich var Miskich, "All About Me" 301 AFC
whimsy	sfw	Lovers don’t finally meet somewhere. They’re in each other all along. - Rumi
whimsy	sfw	Loyalty to a petrified opinion never yet broke a chain or freed a human soul. - Mark Twain
whimsy	sfw	MacGyver can build an airplane out of gum and paper clips, but Chuck Norris can roundhouse-kick his head through a wall and take it.
whimsy	sfw	MacGyver immediately tried to make a bomb out of some Q-Tips and Gatorade, but Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked him in the solar plexus. MacGyver promptly threw up his own heart.
whimsy	sfw	Machiavelli's ideas are basically sound ones for the Nietzschean People. Unfortunately, he was an optimist. Cerebus Khmer "Aphorisms" - CY 8969
whimsy	sfw	Make crime pay. Become a lawyer. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Make things as simple as possible, but not simpler. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	Making Milhouse cry is not a science project.
whimsy	sfw	Making a request without revealing the feeling/need takes all the joy out of other’s service. - Lucy Leu
whimsy	sfw	Making the simple complicated is commonplace; making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that’s creativity. - Charles Mingus (via Garr Reynolds)
whimsy	sfw	Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates... SO PIG OUT! Hahahahahahaha!
whimsy	sfw	Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Man is most nearly himself when he achieves the seriousness of a child at play. - Heraclitus
whimsy	sfw	Man is not a rational animal; he is a rationalizing animal. - Robert Heinlein
whimsy	sfw	Man suffers because of his craving to possess and keep forever things which are impermanent. - Alan Watts
whimsy	sfw	Many of the things you can count, don’t count. Many of the things you can’t count, really count. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	Many of us spend our whole lives running from feeling with the mistaken belief that you cannot bear the pain. But you have already borne the pain. What you have not done is feel all you are beyond that pain. - Kahlil Gibran
whimsy	sfw	Many people never stop to realize that a tree is a living thing, not that different from a tall, leafy dog that has roots and is very quiet. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Many say living in the Way is difficult. Is sleeping difficult? Is waking? Serentity Vikram Singh Khalsa Collected Words, 301 AFC
whimsy	sfw	Man’s ‘progress’ is but a gradual discovery that his questions have no meaning. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
whimsy	sfw	Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who wants to live in an institution? -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Marry an outdoors woman. Then if you throw her out into the yard on a cold night, she can still survive. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Marry me and I'll never look at another horse! -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Marta said I don't seem to like to read fiction very much. "I guess you're not an `afictionado'," she said. Poor Marta. For all her reading, she doesn't even know the right word. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Marta says the interesting thing about fly-fishing is that it's two lives connected by a thin strand. Come on, Marta. Grow up. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Marta was watching the football game with me when she said, "You know, most of these sports are based on the idea of one group protecting its territory from invasion by another group." "Yeah," I said, trying not to laugh. Girls are funny. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Maslow's theory of higher needs does not apply to Chuck Norris. He only has two needs: killing people and finding people to kill.
whimsy	sfw	May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view. May your mountains rise into and above the clouds. - Edward Abbey
whimsy	sfw	Maybe in order to understand mankind, we have to look at the word itself. Mankind. Basically, it's made up of two separate words---"mank" and "ind". What do these words mean? It's a mystery, and that's why so is mankind. -- Deep Thoughts by Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Maybe in order to understand mankind, we have to look at the word itself: "Mankind". Basically, it's made up of two separate words - "mank" and "ind". What do these words mean ? It's a mystery, and that's why so is mankind. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Maybe it's time to replace the words "Watch this," with phrases that are more suited to your current physical condition. Phrases like "Where are my glasses?" or "Where are my other glasses?" or the ever-popular "Honey, I swear it must've been the dog."
whimsy	sfw	Men are born ignorant, not stupid; they are made stupid by education. - Bertrand Russell
whimsy	sfw	Men are like gas, they take up the space available.
whimsy	sfw	Men are not against you; they are merely for themselves. - Gene Fowler
whimsy	sfw	Men often become what they believe themselves to be. If I believe I cannot do something, it makes me incapable of doing it. But when I believe I can, then I acquire the ability to do it even if I didn’t have it in the beginning. - Mahatma Gandhi
whimsy	sfw	Men who need glasses sometimes make passes at women who are already their wives.
whimsy	sfw	Mike Hamar: I was thinking about regrets the other day. Do you have any regrets, Mr. Green? Red Green: Well, not so far, but this conversation has potential.
whimsy	sfw	Mike Hamar: It's all set. It's all done. That popcorn's in there for life. Er, 25 to life. Red Green: Well, he would know.
whimsy	sfw	Mike Hamar: My parents had their eighth anniversary when my youngest brother was 23.
whimsy	sfw	Mike Hamar: One of my dads used to say, "Do unto others before someone does it to you." He said that's in the Bible. Red Green: Not in the King James version... but maybe the JESSE James version.
whimsy	sfw	Mike Hamar: This armor's great! I can handle anything with this stuff on! Red Green: Except rain.
whimsy	sfw	Milhouse did not test cootie positive.
whimsy	sfw	Milhouse does not live below the puberty line.
whimsy	sfw	Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Military justice is to justice what military music is to music. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Money and women are the most sought after and the least known about of any two things we have. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Money frees you from doing things you dislike. Since I dislike doing nearly everything, money is handy. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Most boots are made for walkin'. Chuck Norris' boots ain't that merciful.
whimsy	sfw	Most conversations are simply monologues delivered in the presence of a witness. - Margaret Millar
whimsy	sfw	Most learning is not the result of instruction. It is rather the result of unhampered participation in a meaningful setting. - Ivan Illich
whimsy	sfw	Most of my major disappointments have turned out to be blessings in disguise. So whenever anything bad does happen to me, I kind of sit back and feel, well, if I give this enough time, it’ll turn out that this was good, so I shouldn’t worry about it too much. - William Gaines
whimsy	sfw	Most of our so-called reasoning consists in finding arguments for going on believing as we already do. - James Harvey Robinson
whimsy	sfw	Most of the greatest evils that man has inflicted upon man have come through people feeling quite certain about something which, in fact, was false. - Bertrand Russell Ideas that Have Harmed Mankind (1946)
whimsy	sfw	Most of the time it was probably real bad being stuck down in a dungeon. But some days, when there was a bad storm outside, you'd look out your little window and think, ``Boy, I'm glad I'm not out in THAT.'' -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Most of us are just about as happy as we make up our minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
whimsy	sfw	Most people are paralyzed by fear. Overcome it and you take charge of your life and your world. - Mark Victor Hansen
whimsy	sfw	Most people don't realize that large pieces of coral, which have been painted brown and attached to the skull by common wood screws, can make a child look like a deer. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Most people fear the Reaper. Chuck Norris considers him "a promising Rookie".
whimsy	sfw	Most people know that Descarte said, "I think, therefore I am." What most people don't know is that that quote continues, "...afraid of Chuck Norris."
whimsy	sfw	Most people would rather be certain they’re miserable, than risk being happy. - Robert Anthony
whimsy	sfw	Most writers regard truth as their most valuable possession, and therefore are economical in its use. - Mark Twain
whimsy	sfw	Movie acting suits me because I only need to be good for ninety seconds at a time. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	Mud is not one of the 4 food groups.
whimsy	sfw	Muddy water is best cleared by leaving it alone. - Alan Watts
whimsy	sfw	My aim is to agitate and disturb people. I’m not selling bread, I’m selling yeast. - Miguel de Unamuno
whimsy	sfw	My belt holds my pants up, but the belt loops hold my belt up. I don't really know what's happening down there. Who is the real hero? -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	My butt does not deserve a website.
whimsy	sfw	My commitment is to truth, not consistency. - Gandhi
whimsy	sfw	My dad used to tell me that a man's home is his castle. He also told me to learn Esperanto and buy an amphibious car. My dad was wrong. The only time a man's home is his castle is when the queen is out at the mall.
whimsy	sfw	My dad's already drunk for St. Patrick's.
whimsy	sfw	My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me. - Jim Valvano
whimsy	sfw	My favorite thing about New York is the people, because I think they're misunderstood. I don't think people realize how kind New York people are. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	My favourite poem is the one that starts 'Thirty days hath September' because it actually tells you something. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana. I said 'No, but I want a regular banana later, so... yeah.' -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	My great concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are content with your failure. - Abraham Lincoln
whimsy	sfw	My homework was not stolen by a one-armed man.
whimsy	sfw	My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	My mom is not dating Jerry Seinfeld.
whimsy	sfw	My mother loved children - she would have given anything if I had been one. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	My mother loved children -- she would have given anything if I had been one. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	My name is not "Dr. Death".
whimsy	sfw	My new millionaire idea is one regular shoe and one "swollen" shoe, for when you get bit by a rattlesnake. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	My new year's resolution was to quit school
whimsy	sfw	My own approach to literary problems is very like the one Dr. Johnson’s blind housekeeper used when she poured tea—she put her finger inside the cup. - Flannery O’Connor
whimsy	sfw	My pen is not a booger launcher.
whimsy	sfw	My piggy bank is not entitled to TARP funds.
whimsy	sfw	My pre-Christmas behavior really helps the coal industry
whimsy	sfw	My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	My school schedule does not include a bye week.
whimsy	sfw	My sister wanted to be an actress, but she never made it. She does live in a trailer. She got halfway. She's an actress, she just never gets called to the set. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	My suspension was not "mutual".
whimsy	sfw	NBC was trying to convert all of their local programming to color right away to encourage the sale of the sets, so I barely remember working in black and white, although I do know that I did do it, but there was not a major difference, though. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	NVC is an awareness practice masquerading as a communication tool. - Kit Miller
whimsy	sfw	Nagasaki never had a bomb dropped on it. Chuck Norris jumped out of a plane and punched the ground.
whimsy	sfw	Nationalism is an infantile disease. It is the measels of mankind. Never do anything against conscience — even if the state demands it. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished. - Lao Tzu
whimsy	sfw	Nature is trying hard to make us succeed, but nature does not depend on us. We are not the only experiment. - Buckminster Fuller
whimsy	sfw	Nerve gas is not a toy.
whimsy	sfw	Network TV is not dead.
whimsy	sfw	Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for the truth. - Benjamin Disraeli
whimsy	sfw	Never cry over spilt milk, because it may have been poisoned. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Never give a sucker an even break. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Never let yesterday use up too much of today. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Never lose a bet to Bart Simpson.
whimsy	sfw	Never regret. If it’s good, it’s wonderful. If it’s bad, it’s experience. - Victoria Holt
whimsy	sfw	Never try to impress a woman, because if you do she'll expect you to keep up the standard for the rest of your life. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Never underestimate the power of compassionately recognizing what’s going on. - Pema Chödrön
whimsy	sfw	New and stirring things are belittled because if they are not belittled, the humiliating question arises, ``Why then are you not taking part in them?’’ - H.G. Wells
whimsy	sfw	Newton's Third Law is wrong: Although it states that for each action, there is an equal and opposite reaction, there is no force equal in reaction to a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
whimsy	sfw	Next time I see you, remind me not to talk to you. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Next time it could be me on the scaffolding.
whimsy	sfw	Ninjas want to grow up to be just like Chuck Norris. But usually they grow up just to be killed by Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	No army can withstand the strength of an idea whose time has come. - Victor Hugo
whimsy	sfw	No doubt exists that all women are crazy; it's only a question of degree. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	No horse gets anywhere until he is harnessed. No stream or gas drives anything until it is confined. No Niagara is ever turned into light and power until it is tunneled. No life ever grows great until it is focused, dedicated, disciplined. - Harry Emerson Fosdick
whimsy	sfw	No man goes before his time - unless the boss leaves early. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	No one cares what my definition of "is" is.
whimsy	sfw	No one is interested in my underpants.
whimsy	sfw	No one really wants to admit they are lonely, and it is never really addressed very much between friends and family. But I have felt lonely many times in my life. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	No one wants to hear about my sciatica.
whimsy	sfw	No one wants to hear from my armpits.
whimsy	sfw	No soul is desolate as long as there is a human being for whom it can feel trust and reverence. - George Eliot
whimsy	sfw	No, there's not much competition between puppeteers in general because everybody's working their own style. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	Noah was the only man notified before Chuck Norris relieved himself in the Atlantic Ocean.
whimsy	sfw	Nobody doesn't like Sara Lee. Except Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	Nobody likes sun burn slappers.
whimsy	sfw	Nobody reads these anymore.
whimsy	sfw	Noise proves nothing—-often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she had laid an asteroid. - Mark Twain
whimsy	sfw	Non-flammable is not a challenge.
whimsy	sfw	Nonviolence means avoiding not only external physical violence, but also internal violence of spirit. You not only refuse to shoot a man, but you refuse to hate him. - Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.
whimsy	sfw	Not choice, but habit rules the unreflecting herd - William Wordsworth
whimsy	sfw	Not everyone that Chuck Norris is mad at gets killed. Some get away. They are called astronauts.
whimsy	sfw	Nothing bugs a handyman more than a stripper that works too slow.
whimsy	sfw	Nothing can escape the gravity of a black hole, except for Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris eats black holes. They taste like chicken.
whimsy	sfw	Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
whimsy	sfw	Nothing has a stronger influence psychologically on their environment and especially on their children than the unlived life of the parent. - Carl Jung
whimsy	sfw	Nothing is easier than self-deceit. For what each man wishes, that he also believes to be true. - Demosthenes
whimsy	sfw	Nothing is more powerful than an individual acting out of his conscience, thus helping to bring the collective conscience to life. - Norman Cousins
whimsy	sfw	Nothing makes us so lonely as our secrets. - Paul Tournier
whimsy	sfw	Nothing worse could happen to one than to be completely understood. - Carl Jung
whimsy	sfw	Now don't say you can't swear off drinking; it's easy. I've done it a thousand times. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Now if there is one thing that we do worse than any other nation, it is try and manage somebody else's affairs. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Now, I know a lot of you teenagers don't like to hear advice, but communication is an important part of life. And besides, who cares what *you* think?
whimsy	sfw	Now, this is only temporary - unless it works.
whimsy	sfw	Nowadays, when people assert that mutable state is really what happens on the machine, I ask them if they mean string theory or quantum field theory. - Chung-chieh Shan
whimsy	sfw	O senseless man, who cannot possibly make a worm and yet will make Gods by the dozen! - Michel de Montaigne
whimsy	sfw	Oakland Technical High School. Like any high-school experience, it was ambiguous. I was shy with girls; I had friends, but there were times I didn't feel I had the right friends. My grades were only so-so. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	Observe your thoughts, don’t believe them. - Eckhart Tolle
whimsy	sfw	Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship. - Epicurus
whimsy	sfw	Of all the warning sounds that animals make, I think the one that's the least effective on me is a kind of clicking noise. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Oh, yeah, and maybe I should've been born a millionaire. It's always money with you, isn't it, Harold? You need a tank moved, you pay someone. You need a roof reshingled, you pay someone. You need underwear, you pay someone. I just don't work that way, Harold.
whimsy	sfw	Ohio claims they are due a president as they haven't had one since Taft. Look at the United States, they have not had one since Lincoln. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Old man Sedgwick says, if anybody finds a black-and-white cat that answers to the name 'Screech', would they please keep it?
whimsy	sfw	On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	On his birthday, Chuck Norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun.
whimsy	sfw	On the whole, I'd rather be in Philidelphia. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	Once we believe in ourselves, we can risk curiosity, wonder, spontaneous delight, or any experience that reveals the human spirit - E.E. Cummings
whimsy	sfw	Once you hear the details of victory, it is hard to distinguish it from a defeat. - Jean-Paul Sartre
whimsy	sfw	Once, during Prohibition, I was forced to live for days on nothing but food and water. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	One Ad is worth more to a paper than forty Editorials. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	One cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	One can’t proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means. - Alan Perlis
whimsy	sfw	One day Chuck Norris walked down the street with a massive erection. There were no survivors.
whimsy	sfw	One day I will find the right words, and they will be simple. - Jack Kerouac
whimsy	sfw	One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time. - Andre Gide
whimsy	sfw	One had to be a Newton to notice that the moon is falling, when everyone sees that it doesn’t fall (Paul Valéry, Analecia, vol 14, 1970).
whimsy	sfw	One is always a long way from solving a problem until one actually has the answer. - Stephen Hawking
whimsy	sfw	One man's junk is another man's antique and if someone thinks rust and dust turns trash into cash, who am I to argue? These people are a lot smarter than we are.
whimsy	sfw	One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas I'll never know. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	One must never lose time in vainly regretting the past nor complaining against the changes which cause us discomfort, for change is the very essence of life. - Anatole France
whimsy	sfw	One of my favorite problem solving questions: what if what I’m trying to solve isn’t actually a problem? What if I embraced it? - Luke Palmer
whimsy	sfw	One of my gripes about movies is that people take them so seriously, and the moneymaking aspects are so brutal. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	One of the things I like about acting is that, in a funny way, I come back to myself. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	One question that's never been answered to my satisfaction by the "Playboy Advisor" is "What kind of stereo system works best in hell?" -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	One thing a computer can do that most humans can't is be sealed up in a cardboard box and sit in a warehouse. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	One thing about my Aunt Nadie: She was gruff on the outside, but if you ever needed something, like a spanking or a scolding, she'd give it to you. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	One thing that makes me believe in UFOs is, sometimes I lose stuff. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	One thing vampire children have to be taught early on is, don't run with a wooden stake. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	One time, Chuck Norris accidentally stubbed his toe. It destroyed the entire state of Ohio.
whimsy	sfw	One time, at band camp, Chuck Norris ate a percussionist.
whimsy	sfw	One way to lessen the chance of a heart attack is to change your diet, or maybe take up an exercise program... but hey! WHO ARE WE KIDDIN'? Eh?
whimsy	sfw	One-third of the people in the United States promote, while the other two-thirds provide. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Only Chuck Norris can prevent forest fires.
whimsy	sfw	Only a Perfect One who is always laughing at the word two can make you know of Love. - Hafiz
whimsy	sfw	Only mediocrity can be trusted to be always at its best. Genius must always have lapses proportionate to its triumphs. - Max Beerbohm
whimsy	sfw	Only short programs have any hope of being correct. - Arthur Whitney
whimsy	sfw	Only that in you which is me can hear what I’m saying. - Ram Dass (thanks @ktotheb)
whimsy	sfw	Only the closed mind is certain. - from the movie Dean Spanley
whimsy	sfw	Only the hand that erases can write the true thing. - Meister Eckhart
whimsy	sfw	Only the schools’ inefficiency can account for creativity surviving after age 25. - George Leonard
whimsy	sfw	Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. - T. S. Eliot
whimsy	sfw	Organ transplants are best left to the professionals.
whimsy	sfw	Organizations which design systems are constrained to produce designs which are copies of the communication structures of these organizations. - Melvin Conway design systems communication organizations
whimsy	sfw	Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
whimsy	sfw	Our constitution protects aliens, drunks and U.S. Senators. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Our life is frittered away by detail. Simplify, simplify. - Henry David Thoreau
whimsy	sfw	Our listening creates a sanctuary for the homeless parts within another person. - Rachel Naomi Remen
whimsy	sfw	Our minds can shape the way a thing will be, because we act according to our expectations. - Federico Fellini
whimsy	sfw	Our plans miscarry because they have no aim. When you don’t know what harbor you’re aiming for, no wind is the right wind. - Seneca
whimsy	sfw	Our suffering is caused by holding on to how things might have been, should have been, could have been. - Stephen Levine
whimsy	sfw	Outer space exists because it's afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Over forty & single is not funny.
whimsy	sfw	Ozzy Osbourne bites the heads off of bats. Chuck Norris bites the heads off of Siberian Tigers.
whimsy	sfw	Pain is not the cleanser.
whimsy	sfw	Paper beats rock, rock beats scissors, and scissors beats paper, but Chuck Norris beats all 3 at the same time.
whimsy	sfw	Paradoxes are only conflicts between reality and your feelings of what reality ought to be. - Richard Feynman (via Luke Palmer)
whimsy	sfw	Participate joyfully in the sorrows of life. - Joseph Campbell
whimsy	sfw	Parties are only bad when a fight breaks out, when men fight over women or vice versa. Someone takes a fall, an ambulance comes, and the police arrive. If you can avoid those things, pretty much all behaviour is acceptable. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	Pay close attention to when you’re being the real you and when you’re trying to impress an invisible jury. - Derek Sivers
whimsy	sfw	Peace is the result of retraining your mind to process life as it is, rather than as you think it should be. - Wayne Dyer
whimsy	sfw	Peace is the result of retraining your mind to process life as it is, rather than as you think it should be. - Wayne W. Dyer
whimsy	sfw	Peace of mind is not the absence of conflict from life, but the ability to cope with it. - Unknown
whimsy	sfw	Pearls are not oyster barf.
whimsy	sfw	People are getting smarter nowadays; they are letting lawyers, instead of their conscience, be their guide. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	People are like stained glass windows: they sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light within. - Elizabeth Kubler-Ross
whimsy	sfw	People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals that do not inspire them. - Anthony Robbins
whimsy	sfw	People are so alienated from their own soul that when they meet their soul they think it comes from another star system. - Terence McKenna
whimsy	sfw	People can’t live with change if there’s not a changeless core inside them. The key to the ability to change is a changeless sense of who you are, what you are about and what you value. - Stephen R. Covey
whimsy	sfw	People change and forget to tell each other. - Lillian Hellman
whimsy	sfw	People just naturally assume that dogs would be incapable of working together on some sort of construction project. But what about just a big field full of holes? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	People laugh when I say that I think a jellyfish is one of the most beautiful things in the world. What they don't understand is, I mean a jellyfish with long, blond hair. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	People never leave a sinking ship until they see the lights of another ship approaching. - Buckminster Fuller
whimsy	sfw	People only talk about what a joyous experience it is, but there is terror: Your life, as you know it, is over. It's over the day that child is born. It's over, and something completely new starts. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	People say I'm difficult and sometimes that's a badge of honour. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	People teach their dogs to sit; it's a trick. I've been sitting my whole life, and a dog has never looked at me as though he thought I was tricky. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	People think it would be fun to be a bird because you could fly. But they forget the negative side, which is the preening. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	People try nonviolence for a week, and when it ‘doesn’t work,’ they go back to violence, which hasn’t worked for centuries. - Theodore Roszak
whimsy	sfw	People used to think we just faked all that stuff... it was all written, rehearsed. The fact that it looks as cobbled together as it does is just that we weren't very good. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	People who achieve access to the deepest roots of their freedom can completely change. - Peter Koestenbaum
whimsy	sfw	People who fly into a rage always make a bad landing. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	People who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those who are doing it. - Chinese Proverb
whimsy	sfw	People's minds are changed through observation and not through argument. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
whimsy	sfw	Perhaps you have moved away by standing still. - Anonymous (via @ktotheb)
whimsy	sfw	Persistent people begin their success where others end in failures. - Edward Eggleston
whimsy	sfw	Philosophers’ Syndrome: mistaking a failure of imagination for an insight into necessity (Daniel Dennett, Consciousness Explained, 1991).
whimsy	sfw	Philosophers’ Syndrome: mistaking a failure of the imagination for an insight into necessity. - Daniel C Dennett
whimsy	sfw	Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language. - Ludwig Wittgenstein
whimsy	sfw	Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win. - Jonathan Kozol
whimsy	sfw	Pixel art is not real art.
whimsy	sfw	Playing it safe is the riskiest choice we can ever make. - Sarah Ban Breathnach
whimsy	sfw	Please accept my resignation. I don't care to belong to any club that will have me as a member. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Poking a dead raccoon is not research.
whimsy	sfw	Politeness, n. The most acceptable hypocrisy. - Ambrose Bierce
whimsy	sfw	Politics doesn't make strange bedfellows - marriage does. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Politics has become so expensive that it takes a lot of money even to be defeated. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Politics is applesauce. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Pork is not a verb.
whimsy	sfw	Practically everybody in New York has half a mind to write a book, and does. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Practice not-doing, and everything will fall into place. - Lao-tzu
whimsy	sfw	Praying without ceasing is not ritualized, nor are there even words. It is a constant state of awareness of oneness with God. - Peace Pilgrim
whimsy	sfw	President Roosevelt once rode his horse 100 miles. Chuck Norris carried his the same distance in half the time.
whimsy	sfw	Preventing the new generation from changing in any deep way is what most societies require of their educators. - George Leonard (1923–2010)
whimsy	sfw	Prince is not the son of Martin Luther King.
whimsy	sfw	Probably the earliest flyswatters were nothing more than some sort of striking surface attached to the end of a long stick. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Probably to a shark, about the funniest thing there is is a wounded seal, trying to swim to shore, because WHERE DOES HE THINK HE'S GOING?! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Problems worthy of attack prove their worth by hitting back. — Piet Hein
whimsy	sfw	Procrastination is like being intimate. The best things come at the end.
whimsy	sfw	Programmers often think they want mechanisms that come from operational thinking. Part of the art of API design is saying "no" at the right times, when it’s more helpful for the programmers to change their thinking. - Conal Elliott
whimsy	sfw	Programming languages teach you not to want what they don’t provide. - Paul Graham
whimsy	sfw	Prohibition is better than no liquor at all. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Prosperity is just around the corner.
whimsy	sfw	Punishment damages goodwill and self-esteem, and shifts our attention from the intrinsic value of an action to external consequences. - Marshall Rosenberg
whimsy	sfw	Q: How many Chuck Norris' does it take to change a light bulb?
whimsy	sfw	Quando, Omni, Flunkus, Moritadi.
whimsy	sfw	Quando, Omni, Flunkus, Moritadi. Sit down.
whimsy	sfw	Quando, Omni, Flunkus, Moritadi. [translation: if all else fails, play dead]
whimsy	sfw	Quote me as saying I was mis-quoted. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Ralph won't "morph" if you squeeze him hard enough.
whimsy	sfw	Ranger Gord: Hello, men. I'm Ranger Gord, and I'm -... Harold Green: Uh-uh-uh - - no last names; that's a basic rule here. Ranger Gord: Hello, my name is Ranger, and I'm a man.
whimsy	sfw	Ranger Gord: Here's a new joke I just made up: "Knock, knock." "Who's there?" "No one." "No one who?" "No one. Just no one. Ever."
whimsy	sfw	Ranger Gord: Many people have died at the end of a snake. Many people have died at the end of a rope. Think about it. Red Green: Just remember, snakes are just as afraid of you as we are of Ranger Gord.
whimsy	sfw	Ranger Gord: Ranger Gord presents - Ranger Gord in: Ranger Gord's Educational Films. Written, drawn, animated, and voiced by: Ranger Gord. Starring Ranger Gord!
whimsy	sfw	Ranger Gord: Who am I kidding? No one ever gets lost out here. Red Green: I don't know, Gord. You seem pretty out there to me.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: "Quando Omni Flunkus Terra Retreatum"? Harold Green: Yes... it means, "When all else fails, hide under a rock". Red Green: Okay, then -- you wait here, and I'll go get a ROCK!
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: And it's no good to write "THIS END UP" on the package - that only means that THEY will decide how THIS ENDS UP!
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: And now the doctor says he'd like for me to lose some weight. Well, I'D like for HIM to DROP DEAD! But I've got another solution -- it's not as violent, but it IS dishonest, so it's got that going for it.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: Apparently the water in Possum Lake has just been declared okay for human consumption. Harold Green: Really? I wouldn't drink it. Red Green: So what? I said *human* consumption.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: Boy there's a bunch of advantages when you own your own highway. Harold Green: Uncle Red, you do not own the highway. Red Green: Well, I drive like I do.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: But what I can't understand, Harold, is why they'd want to hire someone like you. I applied for that job, you know. Harold Green: Yeah, I know - a lot of you guys did. That REALLY HELPED me get the job - thanks.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: Harold, you have a woman boss? Harold Green: So? So do you! Aunt Bernice! Red Green: Harold, that's different. Harold Green: [smugly] Yeah, I know - I get paid!
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: Harold, you want the truth? Harold Green: Yes! Red Green: You want the truth? Harold Green: I want the truth! Red Green: I can't handle the truth!
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: Have you seen these toy trains where, when they run into something, they just turn around and head off in another direction? Kinda like politicians at a press conference?
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: Having used my lawn-mower handle for this project means that I'll no longer be able to cut my lawn -- but I'll get over it!
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: How did you learn so much about money? Harold Green: I watch that show "Traders."
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: How's it coming with my van, Dale? Dale: All finished, Mr. Green. I put a drop of oil on your horn relay. Your horn was sticking. Red Green: Yeah, I know. I LIKE it sticking. That way I can let morons know what I think of them, and still keep both hands on the wheel.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: I graduated at age 20. Harold Green: I didn't know you went past high school, Uncle Red. Red Green: Sure, I did, Harold -- I went past the high school on the way to the Lodge!
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: I guess crime doesn't pay, huh, Mike? Mike Hamar: Not the way I do it.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: I'll tell you - - NOBODY wants to HARK when they hear THIS "Harold" angel sing!
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: If it weren't for modern art, we wouldn't have the singing bass, the black-velvet paintings, or the "I'M WITH STUPID" t-shirts. Would you really want to live in a world like that, Harold? Harold Green: Yes...! Actually, I would!
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: Oh, Harold... nobody in his RIGHT MIND would give YOU driving lessons. Harold Green: Oh, you will? Oh, THANK you!
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: Stay tuned to find out how the treasure hunt turned out.Harold Green: Big hint... we're still doing the show.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: This week we have Winston Rothschild of Rothschild's Sewage and Septic Sucking Services. Winston Rothschild: "No tank too big, no tank too small, teacup or cesspool, we suck 'em all."
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: We learned that everything has its place. Mine is here, Harold's is over there, and Moose's barber kit's is at the bottom of the lake.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: Well, I'm not gonna be calling the U.S. Air Force, Harold. What do I say? We've got a missile? They take that as a threat, we're in real trouble. Harold Green: Well, then, contact the Canadian Air Force. Red Green: Harold, it's after six; he's gone home.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: Well, it looks like somebody was PAID OFF here. Mike Hamar: Oh, no -- they wouldn't take a bribe. I-I wouldn't THINK --!
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: What animal are you hunting, Reg? Reg Hunter: Well, it's an animal that makes a sound like this: Awooooo! Red Green: Yes, but what kind of animal is that? Reg Hunter: I dunno, but I betcha I can put a bullet in it.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: Where did we go wrong with you, Harold? Harold Green: Well, it was all those years of not getting the respect I deserved. Red Green: You got what you deserved, it just wasn't respect, that's all.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: You can't be forgetting your wedding anniversary, Dalton. Dalton Humphries: Yeah, it's kind of ironic when the second dumbest think you ever did was to forget the dumbest thing you ever did.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: You must have a ton of regrets. Mike Hamar: Well, only one: children. I regret not having any children. Dalton Humphrey: Yeah, I feel exactly the same way. Or did you say you regret *not* having children?
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: You're never too old to learn things. Harold Green: Are you ever too old to listen? You never listen, so I guess the answer is yes on that one.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: You're only limited by your own imagination, and the laws in your area.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: [Mike and Dalton are warning Red about the impending hurricane] We don't get hurricanes here. We're too far from the ocean, okay? We get a fair bit of wind, but that's because we're so close to Port Asbestos, and it SUCKS!
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: [Seeing Harold in a neckbrace] Did you hurt your neck, Harold, or have you been going to Don Cherry's tailor?
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: [Walter is about to lift up a refrigerator] Walter is a young fella. He doesn't have a girlfriend, so he has power.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: [reciting the Man's Prayer along with the other lodge members] I'm a man, but I can change, if I have to, I guess. Dalton Humphrey: Or get an upgrade! ... Computer talk.
whimsy	sfw	Red Green: [trying to unscrew a jar of nitroglycerin] It would work better if that finger wasn't missing. Edgar Montrose: Oh, it's not missing, Red. I know exactly where it is. It's back up at the quarry, still pointing at the "no smoking" sign.
whimsy	sfw	Red: I could be a great astronomer, Harold! Harold: (to audience) He's always been good at staring off into space, so...
whimsy	sfw	Red: I either have a plan, or I'm an idiot. Harold: That's good. 'Cause usually you have a plan and you're an idiot.
whimsy	sfw	Red: Isn't this great? We've got no overhead! Harold: You've got no inhead!
whimsy	sfw	Red: Why do you have such a negative attitude towards the festive season, though? Dalton: Gee, you should come by my house Christmas morning. Then yule see.
whimsy	sfw	Reindeer meat does not taste like chicken.
whimsy	sfw	Religion is a defense against the experience of God. - Carl Gustav Jung
whimsy	sfw	Religion is like a blind man looking in a black room for a black cat that isn’t there, and finding it. - Oscar Wilde
whimsy	sfw	Remember The Ultimate Warrior? He quit wrestling because Chuck Norris wanted his nickname back.
whimsy	sfw	Remember the Soviet Union? They decided to quit after watching a DeltaForce marathon on Satellite TV.
whimsy	sfw	Remember, I'm pulling for ya. We're all in this together!
whimsy	sfw	Remember, a dead fish can float downstream, but it takes a live one to swim upstream. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Remember, we all stumble, every one of us. That’s why it’s a comfort to go hand in hand. - Emily Kimbrough
whimsy	sfw	Remember, you may have to grow old, but you don't have to mature.
whimsy	sfw	Reminds me of my safari in Africa. Somebody forgot the corkscrew and for several days we had to live on nothing but food and water. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Resentment is disappointment waiting to be felt. When you feel it, you move through to space, resolution and peace. - Bridget Pilloud
whimsy	sfw	Rice is great if you're really hungry and want to eat two thousand of something. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	Right perspective is no perspective or all perspectives. - Buddha (via Deepak Chopra)
whimsy	sfw	Rocktober is not followed by Blowvember.
whimsy	sfw	Room service? Send up a larger room. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Rudolph's red nose is not alcohol-related.
whimsy	sfw	Rules of fighting: 1) Don't bring a knife to a gun fight. 2) Don't bring a gun to a Chuck Norris fight.
whimsy	sfw	Saddam Hussein was not found hiding in a "hole." Saddam was roundhouse-kicked in the head by Chuck Norris in Kansas, which sent him through the earth, stopping just short of the surface of Iraq.
whimsy	sfw	Sandwiches should not contain sand.
whimsy	sfw	School online
whimsy	sfw	Science class should not end in tragedy.
whimsy	sfw	Science is the belief in the ignorance of the experts - Richard Feynman
whimsy	sfw	Scientifically speaking, it is impossible to charge Chuck Norris with "obstruction of justice." This is because even Chuck Norris cannot be in two places at the same time.
whimsy	sfw	Scientists have estimated that the energy given off during the Big Bang is roughly equal to 1CNRhK (Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick)
whimsy	sfw	Scotty in Star Trek often says "Ye cannae change the laws of physics." This is untrue. Chuck Norris can change the laws of physics. With his fists.
whimsy	sfw	Security is mostly a superstition. It does not exist in nature, nor do the children of men as a whole experience it. Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure. Life is either a daring adventure, or nothing. - Helen Keller
whimsy	sfw	Security is not the meaning of my life. Great opportunities are worth the risk. - Shirley Hufstedler
whimsy	sfw	Seeking love keeps you from the awareness that you already are it. - Byron Katie
whimsy	sfw	Self worth cannot be verfied by others - Wayne W Dyer
whimsy	sfw	Self-judgment is how conditioned mind keeps control over your life. - Cheri Huber
whimsy	sfw	Selfishness comes from poverty in the heart, from the belief that love is not abundant. - Don Miguel Ruiz
whimsy	sfw	Set up another case bartender! The best thing for a case of nerves is a case of Scotch. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	She wounds you as a rose will wound you -- Not with her thorn. A rose will always wound you with her beauty. Harry Martinson, CY 6862
whimsy	sfw	She's marrying you for the exact opposite reason you're marrying her: she thinks you'll change. She thinks you'll change, for the BETTER. Things don't get better as they get older. Look at your truck. Look at your roof. Look in the MIRROR!
whimsy	sfw	Sherri does not "got back".
whimsy	sfw	Shooting paintballs is not an art form.
whimsy	sfw	Shouldn’t a person who tells a joke in a bar and gets no laughs be entitled to a free beer? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Show me a great actor and I'll show you a lousy husband. Show me a great actress, and you've seen the devil. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Show me a man with both feet on the ground, and I’ll show you a man who can’t put his pants on. - Arthur K. Watson
whimsy	sfw	Silence is the best reply to a fool. - Imam Ali
whimsy	sfw	Silly string is not a nasal spray.
whimsy	sfw	Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability. - Edsger Dijkstra
whimsy	sfw	Simplicity is the most difficult thing to secure in this world; it is the last limit of experience and the last effort of genius. - George Sand
whimsy	sfw	Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. - Leonardo da Vinci
whimsy	sfw	Simply by pulling on both ends, Chuck Norris can stretch diamonds back into coal.
whimsy	sfw	Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse-kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.�
whimsy	sfw	Sleep - the most beautiful experience in life - except drink. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Snow angels are not frozen hobos.
whimsy	sfw	Snowmen don't have carrot penises.
whimsy	sfw	So I guess the moral here is "Never connect a used fuel pump from a Russian rocket missile to a large deciduous tree."
whimsy	sfw	So don't ever think that an ATM card like this is like a bottomless pit of cash that just lets you spend whatever you want... for that, you need this...A credit card!
whimsy	sfw	So get yourself some training, and if that doesn't work out, well, just tell any prospective employer that you do everything that Red Green says, and that'll PROVE that you're certifiable!
whimsy	sfw	So if my wife is watching, I'll be coming straight home after the meeting, and I learned today that the best way to control anger is to be the boss. Of course, you knew that all along, didn't you?
whimsy	sfw	So if my wife is watching, I'll be coming straight home after the meeting, and yes, I know it's the computer age, but let's not forget about personal interaction. When I get home, I want to show you that I'm user-friendly.
whimsy	sfw	So let's be honest with ourselves and not take ourselves too serious, and never condemn the other fellow for doing what we are doing every day, only in a different way. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	So often I hear ‘The Real World’ as a static notion (e.g., ‘but in the Real World …’). I’m for helping the Real World evolve. - Conal Elliott
whimsy	sfw	Solving a problem simply means representing it so as to make the solution transparent. - H.A. Simon
whimsy	sfw	Some folks say it was a miracle. Saint Francis suddenly appeared and knocked the next pitch clean over the fence. But I think it was just a lucky swing. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Some folks say it was a miracle. St. Francis suddenly appeared and knocked the next pitch clean over the fence. Other folks say it was just a lucky swing. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Some kids play Kick the can. Chuck Norris played Kick the keg.
whimsy	sfw	Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
whimsy	sfw	Some men look at a problem like this and try to find a solution. I prefer to figure out whose fault it is and let them take care of it.
whimsy	sfw	Some people ask for a Kleenex when they sneeze, Chuck Norris asks for a body bag.
whimsy	sfw	Some people like to eat frogs' legs. Chuck Norris likes to eat lizard legs. Hence, snakes.
whimsy	sfw	Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
whimsy	sfw	Some say the Commonwealth would have fallen even without Nietzschean treachery. They underestimate both the Commonwealth and the Nietzscheans in a single breath. Yin Man-Wei The Rise and Fall of the Systems Commonwealth CY 11942
whimsy	sfw	Some weasel took the cork out of my lunch. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Somebody like a Piggy or a Kermit, there needs to be several versions and so there will be several of them. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	Somebody told me it was frightening how much topsoil we are losing each year, but I told that story around the campfire and nobody got scared. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Someone once said the fundamental reason we get married is because have a universal human need for a witness. - Roger Ebert.
whimsy	sfw	Something tells me that the first mousetrap wasn't designed to catch mice at all, but to protect little cheese "gems" from burglars. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Sometimes I snore, like when I get really tired. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	Sometimes I think I'd be better off dead. No, wait. Not me, you. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Sometimes I think the so-called experts actually ARE experts. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Sometimes I think the world has gone completely mad. And then I think, "Aw, who cares?" And then I think, "Hey, what's for supper?" -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Sometimes I think you have to march right in and demand your rights, even if you don't know what your rights are, or who the person is you're talking to. Then, on the way out, slam the door. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Sometimes I wonder if I'm patriotic enough. Yes, I want to kill people, but on both sides. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Sometimes life seems like a dream, especially when I look down and see that I forgot to put on my pants. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Sometimes our light goes out but is blown into flame by another human being. Each of us owes deepest thanks to those who have rekindled this light. - Albert Schweitzer
whimsy	sfw	Sometimes the beauty of the world is so overwhelming, I just want to throw back my head and gargle. Just gargle and gargle, and I don't care who hears me, because I am beautiful. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Sometimes we do a thing in order to find out the reason for it. Sometimes our actions are questions not answers. - Le Carre
whimsy	sfw	Somewhere there's a score being kept, so you have an obligation to live life as well as you can, be as engaged as you can. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	Sound ingenious? Sound incredible? Sound impossible? Who cares? I'm not listening.
whimsy	sfw	South Park, we'd stand beside you if we weren't so scared.
whimsy	sfw	Spaghetti... I can't eat spaghetti, there's too many of them. No matter how hungry I am, 1,000 of something is too many. I'll have 1,000 pieces of noodles. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	Speak well of your enemies. After all you made them. - Unknown
whimsy	sfw	Speech is conveniently located midway between thought and action, where it often substitutes for both. - John Andrew Holmes
whimsy	sfw	Spiral, spin, ride the whirlwind. Knowing when the drumming stops, There'll be no second dance. - Ulatempa Poetess, "Rhythms", CY 9825
whimsy	sfw	Spitwads are not free speech.
whimsy	sfw	Spoiler Alert: Unfortunately, my dad doesn't die.
whimsy	sfw	SpongeBob is not a contraceptive.
whimsy	sfw	Staring at Chuck Norris for extended periods of time without proper eye protection will cause blindess, and possibly foot sized brusies on the face.
whimsy	sfw	Start every day off with a smile and get it over with. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Sticks and stones may break your bones, but a Chuck Norris glare will liquefy your kidneys.
whimsy	sfw	Strangling is not an effective parenting tool.
whimsy	sfw	Stress is caused by being ‘here’ but wanting to be ‘there’. - Eckhart Tolle
whimsy	sfw	Studying is not 'appropriating nerd culture'.
whimsy	sfw	Substitute teachers are not scabs.
whimsy	sfw	Successful problem solving requires finding the right solution to the right problem. We fail more often because we solve the wrong problem than because we get the wrong solution to the right problem - Russell Ackoff
whimsy	sfw	Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon. - Alan J. Perlis
whimsy	sfw	TNT was originally developed by Chuck Norris to cure indigestion.
whimsy	sfw	Take rest; a field that has rested gives a bountiful crop. - Ovid
whimsy	sfw	Take sips of this pure wine being poured. Don’t mind that you’ve been given a dirty cup. - Rumi
whimsy	sfw	Talent develops in tranquility, character in the full current of human life. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
whimsy	sfw	Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see. - Arthur Schopenhauer
whimsy	sfw	Tar is not a plaything.
whimsy	sfw	Teacher did not pay too much for her condo.
whimsy	sfw	Teacher is not a leper.
whimsy	sfw	Teacher spent new year's eve at home by choice
whimsy	sfw	Teacher was not dumped—it was mutual.
whimsy	sfw	Teacher's diet is working.
whimsy	sfw	Teachers' unions are not ruining this country.
whimsy	sfw	Tears have cleansed my eyes, and errors have taught me the language of the hearts. - Kahlil Gibran
whimsy	sfw	Tell me and I’ll forget; show me and I may remember; involve me and I’ll understand. - Chinese Proverb
whimsy	sfw	Thank God I’m not a Jungian. - Carl Jung
whimsy	sfw	Thank you for 28 great years...Taylor Swift.
whimsy	sfw	That language is an instrument of human reason, and not merely a medium for the expression of thought, is a truth generally admitted. - George Boole, The Laws of Thought
whimsy	sfw	That's not Chuck Norris doing push-ups -- that's Chuck Norris moving the Earth away from the path of a deadly asteroid.
whimsy	sfw	The 1928 Republican Convention opened with a prayer. If the Lord can see His way clear to bless the Republican Party the way it's been carrying on, then the rest of us ought to get it without even asking. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The 1972 Miami Dolphins lost one game, it was an exhibition game vs. Chuck Norris and three seven year old girls. Chuck Norris won with a roundhouse-kick to the face in overtime.
whimsy	sfw	The 70% solution is usually the 40% solution, described by someone who can’t tell the difference. - Gilad Bracha
whimsy	sfw	The Bermuda Triangle used to be the Bermuda Square, until Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked one of the corners off.
whimsy	sfw	The Bible was originally titled "Chuck Norris and Friends"
whimsy	sfw	The Christmas Pageant does not stink.
whimsy	sfw	The Corporate impulse for human uniformity instills shame at difference and, thus, the contemporary zeal for privacy. - John Perry Barlow
whimsy	sfw	The Drummer for Def Leppard's only got one arm. Chuck Norris needed a back scratcher.
whimsy	sfw	The Experience of Sacred Space makes possible the founding of the world: where the sacred Manifests itself in space, the real unveils itself, the world comes into existence. - Mircea Eliade
whimsy	sfw	The First Amendment does not cover burping.
whimsy	sfw	The First Law of Thermodynamics states that energy can neither be created nor destroyed... unless it meets Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	The First rule of Chuck Norris is: you do not talk about Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	The Giving Tree is not a chump.
whimsy	sfw	The Good Humor man can only be pushed so far.
whimsy	sfw	The Heavens burned, the stars cried out And under the ashes of infinity, Hope, scarred and bleeding, breathed its last. Ulatempa Poetess "Elegy for the Commonwealth" CY 9823
whimsy	sfw	The Man's Prayer: I'm a man, but I can change, if I have to, I guess.
whimsy	sfw	The Manhattan Project was not intended to create nuclear weapons, it was meant to recreate the destructive power in a Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick. They didn't even come close.
whimsy	sfw	The Pilgrims were not illegal aliens.
whimsy	sfw	The Pledge of Allegiance does not end with "Hail Satan".
whimsy	sfw	The Possum Lodge Pledge: Quando, Omni, Flunkus, Moritadi.
whimsy	sfw	The Rabid Dogs of Gallaphron Can be trained to drool At the ring of a bell. Doesn't stop them from biting. Karlos El Greeta-Stirra, "Reflections of Rim-Salt", CY 4389
whimsy	sfw	The Red Green Show is kind of like the flu; not everybody gets it.
whimsy	sfw	The Tao that can be spoken is not the true Tao. - Lao Tzu
whimsy	sfw	The US did not boycott the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow due to political reasons: Chuck Norris killed the entire US team with a single round-house kick during TaeKwonDo practice.
whimsy	sfw	The United States never lost a war or won a conference. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The Wall Street Journal is better than ever.
whimsy	sfw	The ability to observe without evaluating is the highest form of intelligence. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
whimsy	sfw	The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak. - Hans Hofmann
whimsy	sfw	The act of forgiveness is the act of returning to present time. And that’s why when one has become a forgiving person, and has managed to let go of the past, what they’ve really done is they’ve shifted their relationship with time. - Caroline Myss
whimsy	sfw	The air around Chuck Norris is always a balmy 78 degrees.
whimsy	sfw	The amount of energy necessary to refute bullshit is an order of magnitude bigger than to produce it. - Alberto Brandolini
whimsy	sfw	The amount of happiness that you have depends on the amount of freedom you have in your heart. - Thich Nhat Hanh
whimsy	sfw	The answers you get depend upon the questions you ask. - Thomas Kuhn
whimsy	sfw	The apparently unendurable conflict is proof of the rightness of your life. A life without contradiction is only half a life; or else a life in the Beyond, which is destined only for angels. But God loves human beings more than the angels. - Carl Jung
whimsy	sfw	The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order. - A N Whitehead
whimsy	sfw	The art teacher is fat, not pregnant.
whimsy	sfw	The attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be. - Alan Watts
whimsy	sfw	The beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves, and not to twist them to fit our own image. Otherwise we love only the reflection of ourselves we find in them. - Thomas Merton
whimsy	sfw	The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. - Helen Adams Keller
whimsy	sfw	The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate intensity. - William Butler Yeats
whimsy	sfw	The best part of waking up, is not Folgers in your cup, but knowing that Chuck Norris didn't kill you in your sleep.
whimsy	sfw	The best practice is inspired by theory. - Donald Knuth
whimsy	sfw	The best theory is inspired by practice. - Donald Knuth
whimsy	sfw	The best way out of a difficulty is through it. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas. - Linus Pauling
whimsy	sfw	The best-laid plans of mice and men often go awry. Even the worst-laid plans of Chuck Norris come off without a hitch.
whimsy	sfw	The biggest problems with movies are expectations. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	The boys' room is not a water park.
whimsy	sfw	The brightest light is invisible. It shines through your deeds and warms the universe. - Chronicles of Courage and Conviction by Captain Dylan Hunt, Ret., CY 9817
whimsy	sfw	The cafeteria deep fryer is not a toy.
whimsy	sfw	The capital of Montana is not "Hannah".
whimsy	sfw	The chemical formula for the highly toxic cyanide ion is CN-. These are also Chuck Norris' initials. This is not a coincidence.
whimsy	sfw	The chief export of Chuck Norris is pain.
whimsy	sfw	The chief source of problems is solutions. - Eric Sevareid
whimsy	sfw	The class hamster isn't just sleeping.
whimsy	sfw	The clever cat eats cheese and breathes down rat holes with baited breath. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	The collective dream is the hypnosis of social conditioning. Only sages, psychotics & geniuses manage to break free. - Deepak Chopra
whimsy	sfw	The constant assertion of belief is an indication of fear. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
whimsy	sfw	The cost of living has gone up another dollar a quart. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	The creative adult is the child who has survived. - Ursula K LeGuin (thanks @ktotheb)
whimsy	sfw	The crossing lights in Chuck Norris's home town say "Die slowly" and "die quickly". They each have a picture of Chuck Norris punching or kicking a pedestrian.
whimsy	sfw	The crows seemed to be calling his name, thought Caw. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	The data stream has been corrupted, return to first principles. - Terence McKenna
whimsy	sfw	The deeper you surrender to existence, life, nature, the more loving, more understanding, more insightful you become. - Osho
whimsy	sfw	The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	The desire for safety stands against every great and noble enterprise. - Tacitus
whimsy	sfw	The difference between a Republican and a Democrat is the Democrat is a cannibal they have to live off each other, while the Republicans, why, they live off the Democrats. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The difference between a man and a boy is, a boy wants to grow up to be a fireman, but a man wants to grow up to be a giant monster fireman. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	The easiest way to determine Chuck Norris' age is to cut him in half and count the rings.
whimsy	sfw	The enemy is at the gates - - heck, the enemy may even be NAMED "Gates"!
whimsy	sfw	The essence of philosophy is that a man should so live that his happiness shall depend as little as possible on external things. - Epictetus
whimsy	sfw	The essence of the beautiful is unity in variety. - William Somerset
whimsy	sfw	The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend. - Henri Bergson
whimsy	sfw	The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of the face. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence whatever that it is not utterly absurd; indeed in view of the silliness of the majority of mankind, a widespread belief is more likely to be foolish than sensible. - Bertrand Russell
whimsy	sfw	The farmer has to be an optimist or he wouldn't still be a farmer. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The fat man who works one night a year is my dad
whimsy	sfw	The fearful sit In a clutch with their worries, Whilst one man alone Faces the Furies. Songs of Loren CY 4557
whimsy	sfw	The fellow that can only see a week ahead is always the popular fellow, for he is looking with the crowd. But the one that can see years ahead, he has a telescope but he can't make anybody believe that he has it. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The fewer the facts, the stronger the opinion. - Arnold H. Glasow
whimsy	sfw	The first episode of the second 600.
whimsy	sfw	The first principle is that you must not fool yourself, and you are the easiest person to fool. - Richard P. Feynman
whimsy	sfw	The first step in conflict is to shift from agree/disagree to trying to understand, what is the experience of the person saying this? - MK (Miki Kashtan?)
whimsy	sfw	The first step toward change is acceptance. Once you accept yourself, you open the door to change. That’s all you have to do. Change is not something you do, it’s something you allow. - Will Garcia
whimsy	sfw	The first thing was, I learned to forgive myself. Then, I told myself, "Go ahead and do whatever you want, it's okay by me." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	The first thing which I can record concerning myself is, that I was born. These are wonderful words. This life, to which neither time nor eternity can bring diminution - this everlasting living soul, began. My mind loses itself in these depths. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	The foolish man seeks happiness in the distance; the wise grows it under his feet. - James Oppenheim
whimsy	sfw	The function of the imagination is not to make strange things settled, so much as to make settled things strange. - G.K. Chesterton
whimsy	sfw	The fundamental cause of the trouble is that in the modern world the stupid are cocksure while the intelligent are full of doubt. - Bertrand Russell (in The Triumph of Stupidity 10 May 1933) - Bertrand Russell
whimsy	sfw	The further a society drifts from the truth, the more it will hate those that speak it. - George Orwell
whimsy	sfw	The future is uncertain. But such uncertainty lies at the very heart of human creativity. - Ilya Prigogine
whimsy	sfw	The future must be seen in terms of what a person can do to contribute something, to make something better, to make it go where he believes with all his being it ought to go. - Frederick R. Kappel
whimsy	sfw	The gas siphon - you'd probably use this at the mall while your wife is inside shopping.
whimsy	sfw	The grass is always greener on the other side, unless Chuck Norris has been there. In that case the grass is most likely soaked in blood and tears.
whimsy	sfw	The great snare of thought is uncritical acceptance of irrational assumptions. - Will Durant
whimsy	sfw	The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life. - Eckhart Tolle
whimsy	sfw	The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it. - Michelangelo
whimsy	sfw	The greatest danger in times of turbulence is not the turbulence; it is to act with yesterday’s logic. - Peter Drucker
whimsy	sfw	The greatest meditation is a mind that lets go. The greatest wisdom is seeing through appearances. - Atisha
whimsy	sfw	The greatest mistake you can make in life is to be continually fearing you will make a mistake. - Elbert Hubbard
whimsy	sfw	The greatest obstacle to discovering the shape of the earth, the continents, and the oceans was not ignorance but the illusion of knowledge. - Daniel J. Boorstin
whimsy	sfw	The greatest weapon against stress is our ability to choose one thought over another. - William James
whimsy	sfw	The hamster did not have a "full life".
whimsy	sfw	The handyman's secret weapon - duct tape.
whimsy	sfw	The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts. - Marcus Aurelius
whimsy	sfw	The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts: therefore, guard accordingly, and take care that you entertain no notions unsuitable to virtue and reasonable nature. - Marcus Aurelius
whimsy	sfw	The income tax has made liars out of more Americans than golf. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself. - Friedrich Nietzsche
whimsy	sfw	The intellectual mind that is unconnected to the heart is an uncultivated mind. - B.K.S. Iyengar
whimsy	sfw	The journey into self-love and self-acceptance must begin with self-examination. … until you take the journey of self-reflection, it is almost impossible to grow or learn in life. - Iyanla Van Zant
whimsy	sfw	The joy is in creating, not maintaining. - Vince Lombardi
whimsy	sfw	The land that had nourished him and had borne him fruit now turned against him and called him a fruit. Man, I hate land like that. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	The last thing you hear before Chuck Norris gives you a roundhouse kick? No one knows because dead men tell no tales.
whimsy	sfw	The laziest man I ever met put popcorn in his pancakes so they would turn over by themselves. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	The liar’s punishment is not in the least that he is not believed, but that he cannot believe anyone else. - George Bernard Shaw
whimsy	sfw	The life of every man is a diary in which he means to write one story, and writes another, and his humblest hour is when he compares the volume as it is with what he vowed to make it. - James Barrie
whimsy	sfw	The limits of my language mean the limits of my world. - Ludwig Wittgenstein
whimsy	sfw	The loyal heart Has hidden treasures. In secrets kept, In silence sealed. Commander Sing Bex, "The Art of Secrets". Approx. CY 2575
whimsy	sfw	The man who never alters his opinion is like standing water, and breeds reptiles of the mind. - William Blake
whimsy	sfw	The man with the best job in the country is the vice-president. All he has to do is get up every morning and say, 'How is the president?' ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The mass of men lead lives of quiet desperation and go to the grave with the song still in them. - Henry David Thoreau
whimsy	sfw	The mind can assert anything and pretend it has proved it. My beliefs I test on my body, on my intuitional consciousness, and when I get a response there, then I accept. - D.H. Lawrence
whimsy	sfw	The mind cannot long act the role of the heart. - Francois de la Rochefoucauld
whimsy	sfw	The modern man thinks that everything ought to be done for the sake of something else, and never for its own sake. - Bertrand Russell (from In Praise of Idleness )
whimsy	sfw	The moment you realize you are not present, you are present. - Eckhart Tolle
whimsy	sfw	The moon could not continue shining if it had to pay attention to all the dogs barking at it. - Anonymous
whimsy	sfw	The more original a discovery, the more obvious it seems afterward. - Arthur Koestler
whimsy	sfw	The more relaxed you are, the better you are at everything: the better you are with your loved ones, the better you are with your enemies, the better you are at your job, the better you are with yourself. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	The more room you give yourself to express your true thoughts and feelings, the more room there is for your wisdom to emerge. - Marianne Williamson
whimsy	sfw	The more that learn to read the less learn how to make a living. That's one thing about a little education. It spoils you for actual work. The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The more work I do, the more important it is to work with people I like - who are very talented. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	The more you observe politics, the more you've got to admit that each party is worse than the other. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	The most erroneous stories are those we think we know best - and therefore never scrutinize or question. - Stephen Jay Gould
whimsy	sfw	The most erroneous stories are those we think we know best — and therefore never scrutinize or question. - Stephen Jay Gould
whimsy	sfw	The most important thing in communication is to hear what is not being said. - Peter Drucker
whimsy	sfw	The most pitiful among men is he who turns his dreams into silver and gold. - Kahlil Gibran
whimsy	sfw	The most sophisticated people I know - inside they are all children. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	The moth wants a star The night wants tomorrow The King wants what's far Outside his sphere of sorrow Tales of Queen Kysella, CY 5647
whimsy	sfw	The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The nurse is not dealing.
whimsy	sfw	The object of mathematical rigor is to sanction and legitimize the conquests of intuition, and there was never any other object for it. - Jacques Hadamard
whimsy	sfw	The obstacle is the path. - Zen Proverb
whimsy	sfw	The old pool shooter had won many a game in his life. But now it was time to hang up the cue. When he did, all the other cues came crashing to the floor. "Sorry," he said with a smile. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn't get worse every time Congress meets. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The only real security in life lies in relishing life’s insecurity. - M. Scott Peck
whimsy	sfw	The only sure things are Death and Taxes?and when Chuck Norris goes to work for the IRS, they'll be the same thing.
whimsy	sfw	The only thing Junior Singleton reads cover to cover is a matchbook.
whimsy	sfw	The only time Chuck Norris was wrong was when he thought he made a mistake
whimsy	sfw	The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The only way you can beat the lawyers is to die with nothing. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The opinion other people have of you is their problem, not yours. - Elisabeth Kubler-Ross
whimsy	sfw	The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth. - Niels Bohr
whimsy	sfw	The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris. The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
whimsy	sfw	The original title for Star Wars was "Skywalker: Texas Ranger". Starring Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	The other day I got out my can opener and was opening a can of worms when I thought, "What am I doing?!" -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that. - Eckhart Tolle
whimsy	sfw	The pen is mighter than the sword, but only if the pen is held by Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	The phrase 'balls to the wall' was originally conceived to describe Chuck Norris entering any building smaller than an aircraft hangar.
whimsy	sfw	The phrase 'break a leg' was originally coined by Chuck Norris's co-stars in Walker, Texas Ranger as a good luck charm indicating that a broken leg might be the worst extent of their injuries. This never proved to be the case.
whimsy	sfw	The phrase 'break a leg' was originally coined by Chuck Norris's co-stars in Walker, Texas Ranger as a good luck charm, indicating that a broken leg might be the worst extent of their injuries. This never proved to be the case.
whimsy	sfw	The phrase 'dead ringer' refers to someone who sits behind Chuck Norris in a movie theater and forgets to turn their cell phone off.
whimsy	sfw	The pie scene in "American Pie" is based on a dare Chuck Norris took when he was younger. However, in Chuck Norris' case, the "pie" was the molten crater of an active volcano.
whimsy	sfw	The power of the 'Muppets,' and the popularity of these characters, is so iconic in people's lives that I had to distance myself from publicly. Not privately... Privately, hell, I'm with them for life, and I love these people. They're my second family. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	The principal's toupée is not a frisbee.
whimsy	sfw	The purpose of abstraction is not to be vague, but to create a new semantic level in which one can be absolutely precise. - Edsger Dijkstra
whimsy	sfw	The purpose of computing is insight, not numbers. - Richard Hamming
whimsy	sfw	The purpose of visualization is insight, not pictures. - Ben Shneiderman
whimsy	sfw	The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man. - George Bernard Shaw
whimsy	sfw	The recognition of the false is already the arising of the real. - Eckhart Tolle
whimsy	sfw	The refusal to choose is a form of choice; disbelief is a form of belief. - Frank Barron
whimsy	sfw	The resistance to the unpleasant situation is the root of suffering. - Ram Dass
whimsy	sfw	The schools ain't what they used to be and never was. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success. - Yogananda
whimsy	sfw	The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	The secret to creative freedom is letting go of our habitual certainities. - Deepak Chopra
whimsy	sfw	The shortest path to exceeding expectations doesn’t generally pass through meeting expectations. - Ward Cunningham
whimsy	sfw	The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Chuck Norris. There were no survivors, and nobody is brave enough to go to the island to retrieve the footage.
whimsy	sfw	The significant problems of our time cannot be solved by the same level of thinking that created them. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	The single biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has occurred. - George Bernard Shaw
whimsy	sfw	The skill of writing is to create a context in which other people can think. - Edwin Schlossberg
whimsy	sfw	The slovenliness of our language makes it easier for us to have foolish thoughts. The point is that the process is reversible. - George Orwell, Politics and the English Language
whimsy	sfw	The soul is larger than the sky Deeper than the ocean, Or the abysmal dark Of the unfathomed center. - Enoch Vere de Vere. "Lamentations Sous-terre", CY 9734
whimsy	sfw	The soul of the Nietzscheans is this: We are arrogant. We are vain. We are manipulative. We are selfish. And we love our children. -- Drago Musevini, "Primary Reflections", CY 8428
whimsy	sfw	The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears. - John Vance Cheney
whimsy	sfw	The sound of fresh rain run-off splashing from the roof reminded me of the sound of urine splashing into a filthy Texaco latrine. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	The square root of Chuck Norris is pain. Do not try to square Chuck Norris, the result is death.
whimsy	sfw	The stories we tell ourselves can serve as straitjackets for stagnation, or scaffolding for transformation. - Seb Paquet
whimsy	sfw	The teacher did not get fat during the holidays.
whimsy	sfw	The teacher is like the candle which lights others in consuming itself. - Giovanni Ruffini
whimsy	sfw	The term "Cleveland Steamer" got its name from Chuck Norris, when he took a dump while visiting the Rock and Roll Hall of fame and buried northern Ohio under a glacier of fecal matter.
whimsy	sfw	The tiger can't change his spots. No, wait, he did! Good for him! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	The time to save is now. When a dog gets a bone, he doesn't go out and make a down payment on a bigger bone. He buries the one he's got. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	The tire iron - it's a simple tool but it's a useful tool. Rather like my brother-in-law.
whimsy	sfw	The tired and thirsty prospector threw himself down at the edge of the watering hole and started to drink. But then he looked around and saw skulls and bones everywhere. "Uh-oh," he thought. "This watering hole is reserved for skeletons." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	The trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit. - Moliere
whimsy	sfw	The true location of Springfield is in any state but yours.
whimsy	sfw	The true quarry of any great adventurer is the undiscovered territory of their own soul. Lady Aenea Makros "The Metaphysics of Motion", CY 6416
whimsy	sfw	The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it. - Flannery O’Connor
whimsy	sfw	The truth is not out there.
whimsy	sfw	The truth is that good and bad coexist; sour and sweet coexist. They aren’t really opposed to each other. - Pema Chödrön, (Start Where you Are)
whimsy	sfw	The truth that makes men free is for the most part the truth which men prefer not to hear. - Herbert Agar
whimsy	sfw	The truth which makes men free is for the most part the truth which men prefer not to hear. - Herbert Sebastian Agar
whimsy	sfw	The truth will set you free. Unless Chuck Norris has you, in which case, forget it buddy!
whimsy	sfw	The truth you believe and cling to makes you unavailable to hear anything new. - Pema Chödrön
whimsy	sfw	The two Virtues of Equanimity and Compassion become more available to the person whose ego-shell has been smashed—either by great suffering or by great love—or by both. - Richard Rohr
whimsy	sfw	The universe is a dangerous place. But in our future my crew and I fight to make it safe. I am Dylan Hunt, captain of the Andromeda Ascendant and these are our adventures. - Introductory Sequence, narrated by Dylan
whimsy	sfw	The use of anthropomorphic terminology forces you linguistically to adopt an operational view. And it makes it practically impossible to argue about programs independently of their being executed. - Edsger Dijkstra
whimsy	sfw	The very first condition of lasting happiness is that a life should be full of purpose, aiming at something outside self. - Hugh Black
whimsy	sfw	The wise man can pick up a grain of sand and envision a whole universe. But the stupid man will just lie down on some seaweed and roll around until he's completely draped in it. Then he'll stand up and go, "Hey, I'm Vine Man." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	The wise speak only of what they know. - J.R.R. Tolkien
whimsy	sfw	The word 'Kill' was invented by Chuck Norris. Other words were 'Die', 'Beer', and 'What'.
whimsy	sfw	The word ‘choice’ is a fraud while people choose only what they have been taught to choose. - Idries Shah
whimsy	sfw	The work you do while you procrastinate is probably the work you should be doing for the rest of your life. - Jessica Hische
whimsy	sfw	The world in general doesn’t know what to make of originality; it is startled out of its comfortable habits of thought, and its first reaction is one of anger. - W. Somerset Maugham
whimsy	sfw	The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper. - W.B. Yeats
whimsy	sfw	The world is getting to be such a dangerous place, a man is lucky to get out of it alive. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can’t be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it. - Harry Emerson Fosdick
whimsy	sfw	The world may end in 2012, but this show won't.
whimsy	sfw	The world of achievement has always belonged to the optimist. - J. Harold Wilkins
whimsy	sfw	The worst thing that happens to you may be the best thing for you if you don't let it get the best of you. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	There -- now do you feel better about your bald spot? Me, neither!
whimsy	sfw	There are many ways to be free. One of them is to transcend reality by imagination, as I try to do. - Anaïs Nin
whimsy	sfw	There are moments when television systems are young and haven't formed properly, and there's room for lots of original stuff. Then things become more and more top-heavy with executives who are trying to guarantee the success of things. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	There are no races, only countries of people Chuck Norris has beaten to different shades of black and blue.
whimsy	sfw	There are no steroids in baseball. Just players Chuck Norris has breathed on.
whimsy	sfw	There are no such things as tornados. Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks.
whimsy	sfw	There are no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, Chuck Norris lives in Oklahoma.
whimsy	sfw	There are now five cup sizes at Starbucks: Short, Tall, Grande, Venti, and Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	There are only two real ways to get ahead today - sell liquor or drink it. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	There are only two things that can cut diamonds: other diamonds, and Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	There are people who drove me crazy, but they got the job done. And when I see that person again, I nod my head. Respect. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	There are plenty of businesses like show business.
whimsy	sfw	There are two kinds of people: those who do things and those who write manuals.
whimsy	sfw	There are two types of people in the world... people that suck, and Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	There aren't many downsides to being rich, other than paying taxes and having relatives asking for money. But being famous, that's a 24 hour job right there. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	There comes a time in the affairs of man when he must take the bull by the tail and face the situation. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	There is a foolish corner in the brain of the wisest man. - Aristotle
whimsy	sfw	There is a historical significance to party boats, going back to um, Cleopatra and um, Moses, and um the crew of the Exxon-Valdez.
whimsy	sfw	There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first. When you learn to live for others, they will live for you. - Paramahansa Yogananda
whimsy	sfw	There is a transcendental dimension beyond language…. It’s just hard as hell to talk about it. - Terence McKenna
whimsy	sfw	There is an almost sensual longing for communion with others who have a larger vision. The immense fulfillment of the friendships between those engaged in furthering the evolution of consciousness has a quality almost impossible to describe. - Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
whimsy	sfw	There is endless debate about the existence of the human soul. Well it does exist, and Chuck Norris finds it delicious.
whimsy	sfw	There is no chin behind Chuck Norris' beard. There is only another fist.
whimsy	sfw	There is no chin behind Chuck Norris’ beard. There is only another fist.
whimsy	sfw	There is no ethics in general. There are only—eventually—ethics of processes by which we treat the possibilities of a situation. - Alain Badiou, ‘Ethics’, 1993.
whimsy	sfw	There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion. - Francis Bacon
whimsy	sfw	There is no more independence in politics than there is in jail. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	There is no security for those who seek it outside of themselves. - Byron Katie
whimsy	sfw	There is no such month as Rocktober.
whimsy	sfw	There is no such thing as a lesbian, just a woman who has never met Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	There is no such thing as an iPoddy.
whimsy	sfw	There is no such thing as global warming. Chuck Norris was cold, so he turned the sun up.
whimsy	sfw	There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals Chuck Norris allows to live.
whimsy	sfw	There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of creatures Chuck Norris has allowed to live.
whimsy	sfw	There is nothing so practical as a good theory - Phil Wadler
whimsy	sfw	There is nothing so stupid as the educated man if you get him off the thing he was educated in. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	There is nothing with which every man is so afraid as getting to know how enormously much he is capable of doing and becoming. - Soren Kierkegaard
whimsy	sfw	There is nothing worse than aggressive stupidity. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
whimsy	sfw	There must be a way of promoting human values without involving religion, based on common sense, experience and recent scientific findings. - Dalai Lama
whimsy	sfw	There ought to be one day - just one - when there is open season on senators. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	There should be a detective show called "Johnny Monkey," because every week you could have a guy say "I ain't gonna get caught by no MONKEY," but then he would, and I don't think I'd ever get tired of that. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
whimsy	sfw	There was a little afternoon show that was called Afternoon. Back in those days in television, most local stations had a midday show for housewives that had a series of things. It was like a variety show for midday. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	There was a perverse side of me, with things like Van Helsing coming out. I didn't want to go down that route. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	There was no Roman god named "Fartacus".
whimsy	sfw	There's a few movies I wanted to do, and I didn't get to do them partly because they wanted me to be part of the horse and pony show, getting the money, and I'm just not doing that. There's a few movies that people wanted me to do, but they were too safe. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	There's an order to the universe: space, time, Chuck Norris.... Just kidding, Chuck Norris is first.
whimsy	sfw	There's no proven link between raisins and boogers.
whimsy	sfw	There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	There's one way to find out if a man is honest - ask him. If he says, 'Yes,' you know he is a crook. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	There's one way to find out if a man is honest-ask him. If he says, "Yes," you know he is a crook. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	There's only one thing that can kill the movies, and that's education. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	There's only two things that excite a man, expensive toys and real expensive toys.
whimsy	sfw	There’s as much risk in doing nothing as in doing something. - Trammel Crow
whimsy	sfw	There’s only one wrong way to live and that’s unhappily. - Patrick Elliott
whimsy	sfw	Thesis, antithesis, synthesis — most of us only take the first or second steps. - Edward Craig (@NewMindMirror)
whimsy	sfw	They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea. - Francis Bacon
whimsy	sfw	They are laughing at me, not with me.
whimsy	sfw	They belong to what is as yet a small but fortunately growing minority of spiritual pioneers: people who are reaching a point where they become capable of breaking out of inherited collective mind patterns that have kept humans in bondage to suffering for eons. - Eckhart Tolle
whimsy	sfw	They make Spy Kids, they make Scream, they make A Scary Movie. This doesn't do that, so it could be a very bad marriage. I'm trying to keep this potential nightmare quiet because we're just finishing editing. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	They must find it hard to take Truth for authority who have so long mistaken Authority for Truth. - Gerald Massey
whimsy	sfw	They say curiosity killed the cat. This is false. Chuck Norris killed the cat. Every single one of them.
whimsy	sfw	They say necessity is the mother of invention. Don't know who the father is; probably remorse.
whimsy	sfw	They were going to release a Chuck Norris edition of Clue, but the answer always turns out to be "Chuck Norris. In The Library. With a Roundhouse Kick."
whimsy	sfw	Things ain't what they used to be and never were. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Things are only impossible until they’re not. - Jean-Luc Picard
whimsy	sfw	Things don't get better as they get older. Look at your truck. Look at your roof. Look in the MIRROR!
whimsy	sfw	Things in our country run in spite of government, not by aid of it. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Things just aren't that important. You know what? It's the money you make *selling* things that's important.
whimsy	sfw	Think of a hot woman. Chuck Norris did her.
whimsy	sfw	This arm needs Tommy John surgery.
whimsy	sfw	This country has come to feel the same when Congress is in session as when the baby gets hold of a hammer. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	This counts as gym and art class.
whimsy	sfw	This impure world that we presently experience exists only in relation to our impure mind. - G. K. Gystso (maybe for a post on FP)
whimsy	sfw	This is not a clue... or is it?
whimsy	sfw	This is only temporary, unless it works.
whimsy	sfw	This is the last episode.
whimsy	sfw	This punishment is not boring and pointless.
whimsy	sfw	This punishment is not medieval.
whimsy	sfw	This really should be kept secret, but you can learn a lot by watching the making-of DVDs. Every actor should do it. You figure out what you're dealing with. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	This school does not need a "regime change".(reference to the then-upcoming War In Iraq)
whimsy	sfw	This school is not falling apart.
whimsy	sfw	This shirt is dry clean only. Which means... it's dirty. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	This thing of being a hero, about the main thing to it is to know when to die. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Those are my principles, and if you don't like them... well, I have others. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Those who are awake live in a state of constant amazement. - Siddhārtha Gautama
whimsy	sfw	Those who are enamored of practice without theory are like a pilot who goes into a ship without rudder or compass and never has any certainty where he is going. Practice should always be based on a sound knowledge of theory. - Leonardo da Vinci
whimsy	sfw	Those who control their passions do so because their passions are weak enough to be controlled. - William Blake
whimsy	sfw	Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending. - Carl Bard
whimsy	sfw	Thousands of years ago Chuck Norris came across a bear. It was so terrified that it fled north into the arctic. It was also so terrified that all of its decendents now have white hair.
whimsy	sfw	Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Time is God’s way of keeping everything from happening at once. - Anonymous
whimsy	sfw	Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity. - Henry Van Dyke
whimsy	sfw	Tintin did not suck suck.
whimsy	sfw	To be fully alive, fully human, and completely awake is to be continually thrown out of the nest. To live fully is to be always in no-man’s-land, to experience each moment as completely new and fresh. To live is to be willing to die over and over again. - Pema Chödrön
whimsy	sfw	To be or not to be? That is the question. The answer? Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	To be persuasive we must be believable; to be believable we must be credible; credible we must be truthful. - Edward R. Murrow
whimsy	sfw	To be positive: To be mistaken at the top of one’s voice. - Ambrose Bierce
whimsy	sfw	To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it. - Confucius
whimsy	sfw	To do evil a human being must first of all believe that what he’s doing is good. - Alexander Solzhenitsyn
whimsy	sfw	To get the viewpoint of the other person appreciatively and profoundly and reconcile it with his own so far as possible is the supreme achievement of man and his highest vocation. - Henry Nelson Wieman
whimsy	sfw	To kill an error is as good a service as, and sometimes even better than, the establishing of a new truth or fact. - Charles Darwin
whimsy	sfw	To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. - Joseph Chilton Pearce
whimsy	sfw	To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else. - Emily Dickinson
whimsy	sfw	To love is to admire with the heart; to admire is to love with the mind. - Theophile Gautier
whimsy	sfw	To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there's no music, no choreography, and the dancers hit each other. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kind of scary. I've wondered where this started and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus, and a clown killed my dad. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, "Hey, can you give me a hand?," you can say, "Sorry, got these sacks." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	To me, there's no better symbol for the world than a grasshopper lying dead on a gravel road, and maybe there's a globe lying next to him. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	To me, truth is not some vague, foggy notion. Truth is real. And, at the same time, unreal. Fiction and fact and everything in between, plus some things I can't remember, all rolled into one big "thing." This is truth, to me. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	To practice NVC, we must completely abandon the goal of getting other people to do what we want. - Marshall Rosenberg
whimsy	sfw	To put it concisely, we suffer when we resist the noble and irrefutable truth of impermanence and death. - Pema Chödrön
whimsy	sfw	To the question of life after death: Not whether such a thing exists, but... What manner of life? "A Wayist Practicum" Reverend Bem, CY 10090
whimsy	sfw	To us, it might look like just a rag. But to the brave, embattled men of the fort, it was more than that. It was a flag of surrender. And after that, it was torn up and used for shoe-shine rags, so the men would look nice for the surrender. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	To venture in the fair unknown I must enter as I leave: A traveller, alone. -- Anonymous, CY 1917
whimsy	sfw	To ‘see both sides’ of a problem is the surest way to prevent its complete solution. Because there are always more than two sides. - Idries Shah
whimsy	sfw	Today is not Mothra's Day.
whimsy	sfw	Tom Clancy has to pay royalties to Chuck Norris because "The Sum of All Fears" is the name of Chuck Norris' autobiography.
whimsy	sfw	Too bad Lassie didn't know how to ice skate, because then if she was in Holland on vacation in winter and someone said "Lassie, go skate for help," she could do it. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Too bad there's not such a thing as a GOLDEN skunk, because you'd probably be PROUD to be sprayed by one. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Too bad you can't buy a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin real fast and freak everybody out. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Too bad you can't just grab a tree by the very tip-top and bend it clear over the ground and then let her fly, because I bet you'd be amazed at all the stuff that comes flying out. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Too many people spend money they haven't earned to buy things they don't want to impress people they don't like. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Too often we enjoy the comfort of opinion without the discomfort of thought. - John F Kennedy
whimsy	sfw	Two things you need at a bar is ice and water; water for mixing drinks and ice to drop into people's shorts and into their hats, depending on where their hangover is.
whimsy	sfw	Two wrongs don't make a right. Unless you're Chuck Norris. Then two wrongs make a roundhouse kick to the face.
whimsy	sfw	Types don’t just contain data; types explain data. - Conor McBride (source)
whimsy	sfw	Underwear should be worn on the inside.
whimsy	sfw	Unless you have the courage to doubt you will never come to know the truth. - Osho
whimsy	sfw	Until you look forward to all criticism, your Work’s not done. - Byron Katie (on Tumbler)
whimsy	sfw	Using his trademark roundhouse kick, Chuck Norris once made a fieldgoal in RJ Stadium in Tampa Bay from the 50 yard line of Qualcomm stadium in San Diego.
whimsy	sfw	Vampire is not a career choice.
whimsy	sfw	Vehicles don't belong in the Middle Ages anyway. Except maybe for Buster's Edsel.
whimsy	sfw	Waking up to who you are requires letting go of who you imagine yourself to be. - Alan Watts
whimsy	sfw	Walk without footprints. Breathe without breath. Our lives leave no trace. -- Motto of the Assassins' Guild, CY 3455
whimsy	sfw	Walking is also an ambulation of mind. - Gretel Ehrlich
whimsy	sfw	War is an instrument entirely inefficient toward redressing wrong; and multiplies, instead of indemnifying losses. - Thomas Jefferson
whimsy	sfw	Warning: Do Not Operate Heavy Machinery or Navigate The Slipstream While Under the Influence Of This Beverage. Sparky - Cola (Label), 291 AFC
whimsy	sfw	We are all born originals — why is it so many of us die copies? - Edward Young
whimsy	sfw	We are all here for a spell, get all the good laughs you can. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	We are faced with the paradoxical fact that education has become one of the chief obstacles to intelligence and freedom of thought. - Bertrand Russell
whimsy	sfw	We are no longer happy as soon as we wish to be happier. - Walter Savage Landor
whimsy	sfw	We are not all naked under our clothes.
whimsy	sfw	We are not the masks we wear. But if we don them, do we not become them? Keops Tsumai, "Fortunes", CY 9683
whimsy	sfw	We ascribe beauty to that which is simple; which has no superfluous parts; which exactly answers its end; which stands related to all things; which is the mean of many extremes. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
whimsy	sfw	We can easily forgive a child who is afraid of the dark. The real tragedy of life is when men are afraid of the light. - Plato
whimsy	sfw	We can throw stones, complain about them, stumble on them, climb over them, or build with them. - William Arthur Ward
whimsy	sfw	We can't all be heroes, because somebody has to sit on the curb and applaud when they go by. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	We cannot change anything unless we accept it. - Carl Jung
whimsy	sfw	We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world. - Helen Adams Keller
whimsy	sfw	We criticize people for not giving us what we ourselves are afraid to ask for. - Marshall Rosenberg
whimsy	sfw	We did Holy Grail, and I got my name up there as one of the directors. After that, I started moving more and more down the line I wanted to, which was making movies. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	We do need no education.
whimsy	sfw	We do not live in our own pee.
whimsy	sfw	We don't seem to be able to check crime, so why not legalize it and then tax it out of business? ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	We don’t see things as they are, we see them as we are. - Anais Nin
whimsy	sfw	We had a He man contest up here at the lodge with first prize being a truss.
whimsy	sfw	We have a condom machine at school. It's always broken, but it's fun to think about.
whimsy	sfw	We have produced many of our problems through our confused mental states. - Tenzin Palmo
whimsy	sfw	We hold on to hope, and hope robs us of the present moment. - Pema Chödrön
whimsy	sfw	We know what we are, but know not what we may be. - William Shakespeare
whimsy	sfw	We like to praise birds for flying. But how much of it is actually flying, and how much of it is just sort of coasting from the previous flap? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	We live in an expanding universe. All of it is trying to get away from Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	We must be the change we wish to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
whimsy	sfw	We must lay one brick at a time, take one step at a time; we can be responsible only for the one action of the present moment. But we can beg for an increase of love in our hearts that will vitalize and transform all our individual actions. - Dorothy Day
whimsy	sfw	We must travel in the direction of our fear. - John Berryman
whimsy	sfw	We now come to the part of the show called "If it ain't broke, you're not trying!"
whimsy	sfw	We now have a drive-thru window to serve all your live bait needs. But we've had to go to containers; people feel just a bit skittish about driving through a school zone with a lap full of frogs.
whimsy	sfw	We say atoms are bound by Weak Attractions. Why not admit the Truth: The Universe is held together by Love. Michio Von Kerr, Wayist physicist, CY 9942
whimsy	sfw	We seldom realize, for example that our most private thoughts and emotions are not actually our own. For we think in terms of languages and images which we did not invent, but which were given to us by our society. - Alan Wilson Watts
whimsy	sfw	We shape our tools and afterwards our tools shape us. - Marshall McLuhan
whimsy	sfw	We should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97% of the time: premature optimization is the root of all evil. - Tony Hoare
whimsy	sfw	We should have a great many fewer disputes in the world if words were taken for what they are, the signs of our ideas, and not for things themselves. - John Locke
whimsy	sfw	We tend to scoff at the beliefs of the ancients. But we can't scoff at them personally, to their faces, and this is what annoys me. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	We think we understand the rules when we become adults but what we really experience is a narrowing of the imagination. - David Lynch
whimsy	sfw	We thought it would be fun to try to design a show that would work well internationally and so that' s what we're intending to do with Fraggle Rock, and we are indeed now selling it around the world. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	We took up the offer with the BBC, and that was Monty Python's Flying Circus. I didn't have to submit my ideas to the group. I used to turn up on the days we recorded with a can of film under my arm, and in it went. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	We will never have true civilization until we have learned to recognize the rights of others. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	We'll really miss you, Mrs. K.
whimsy	sfw	We're born alone. We do need each other. It's lonely to really effectively live your life, and anyone you can get help from or give help to; that's part of your obligation. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	We're the only house where the Christmas tree is still up.
whimsy	sfw	Wealth is too precious to be entrusted to the rich. Anonymous Kalderan Proverb, circa CY 500
whimsy	sfw	Wearing a turtleneck is like being strangled by a really weak guy, all day. Wearing a backpack and a turtleneck is like a weak midget trying to bring you down. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	Wedgies are unhealthy for children and other living things.
whimsy	sfw	Welcome to "Harold's Handy Crafts" where crafty hands make handy crafts!
whimsy	sfw	Welcome to Possum Creek. Where men are men... and Harold here is my nephew.
whimsy	sfw	Welcome twilight Welcome blackness Welcome inky night Only in darkness Can I see your soul -- "Lost Verses of Krrendar", CY 9542
whimsy	sfw	Well, Art is Art, isn't it? Still, on the other hand, water is water. And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew them like applesauce they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does. Now you tell me what you know. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Well, Detroit Institute is kind of a key - probably the largest permanent collection of puppets in the US. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	Well, Hollywood isn't made up of individual studio heads anymore. It's made of corporations. And corporations are looking for the bottom line. They don't want to take chances. They want the money back for stockholders. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	Well, it's been an hour since Harold went to tell Bonnie that they should start seeing less of each other.... Probably by now they're seeing ALL of each other! THERE'S a scary visual!
whimsy	sfw	Well, we may have lost Eddie as cook, but there is a DOWNSIDE, too.
whimsy	sfw	What I remember most about the 'Road' movies is my enjoyment at watching the two characters sparring with each other. But more important than that was my feeling that Hope and Crosby were enjoying the sparring, too. -- Frank Oz
whimsy	sfw	What I want in my life is compassion, a flow between myself and others based on a mutual giving from the heart. - Marshall B. Rosenberg
whimsy	sfw	What am I afraid of? I'll tell you: a feather. that's right, a feather. How could anyone be afraid of a feather, you say. That's an honest question, and I'll try to give it an honest answer. First of all, did I say it was a poison feather? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	What clings to a wall, But travels all the world? - Unsolvable riddle of Ski, Patriarch of Jill. CY 1111
whimsy	sfw	What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens. - Thaddeus Golas
whimsy	sfw	What is funnier: a dad trying to get his kid’s kite up in the air but getting it caught in a tree, or the dad trying to get the kite down with a rake and accidentally tearing it to pieces? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid-gold baby? Maybe we'll never know. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	What many people dont know is Chuck Norris is the founder of planned parenthood. Not even unborn children can escape his wrath.
whimsy	sfw	What other people think about you is none of your business. - unknown
whimsy	sfw	What others think of us would be of little moment did it not, when known, so deeply tinge what we think of ourselves. - Paul Valery
whimsy	sfw	What saves a man is to take a step. Then another step. It is always the same step, but you have to take it. - Antoine De Saint-Exupéry
whimsy	sfw	What sculpture is to a block of marble, education is to a human soul. - Joseph Addison
whimsy	sfw	What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	What we assume, what we have never clearly thought out, controls us. - Morton Kelsey
whimsy	sfw	What we think, we become. - Buddha (via Garr Reynolds)
whimsy	sfw	What we wish, that we readily believe. - Demosthenes
whimsy	sfw	What you already know is merely a good departure point. - Keorapetse Kgositsile
whimsy	sfw	Whatever people do, they do for a reason and they think that it meets their needs….by their perception. - Anthony Robbins
whimsy	sfw	When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris
whimsy	sfw	When Arnold says the line "I'll be back" in the first Terminator movie it is implied that is he going to ask Chuck Norris for help.
whimsy	sfw	When Bruce Banner gets mad, he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad, he turns into Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris calls 1-900 numbers, he doesnt get charged. He holds up the phone and money falls out.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris does division, there are no remainders.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris falls in water, Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. Water gets Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris goes to donate blood, he declines the syringe, and instead requests a hand gun and a bucket.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris goes to out to eat, he orders a whole chicken, but he only eats its soul.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris is in a crowded area, he doesn't walk around people. He walks through them.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris makes a burrito, its main ingredient is real toes.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris plays Monopoly, it affects the actual world economy.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris plays Oregon Trail, his family does not die from cholera or dysentery, but rather, roundhouse kicks to the face. He also requires no wagon, since he carries the oxen, axels, and buffalo meat on his back. He always makes it to Oregon before you.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris talks, everybody listens. And dies.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris wants an egg, he cracks open a chicken.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris was a baby, he didn't suck his mother's breast. His mother served him whiskey, straight out of the bottle.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris was denied an Egg McMuffin at McDonald's because it was 10:35, he roundhouse kicked the store so hard it became a Wendy's.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck Norris works out on the Total Gym, the Total Gym feels like it's been raped.
whimsy	sfw	When Chuck crosses the street, the cars have to look both ways.
whimsy	sfw	When God said, "let there be light", Chuck Norris said, "say 'please'."
whimsy	sfw	When I am with you, everything is a prayer. - Rumi
whimsy	sfw	When I found the skull in the woods, the first thing I did was call the police. But then I got curious about it. I picked it up, and started wondering who this person was, and why he had deer horns. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When I heard that trees grow a new "ring" for each year they live, I thought, we humans are kind of like that: we grow a new layer of skin each year, and after many years we are thick and unwieldy from all of our skin layers. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When I slept in class, it was not to help Leo DiCaprio.
whimsy	sfw	When I think back on all the blessings I have been given in my life, I can't think of a single one, unless you count that rattlesnake that granted me all those wishes. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When I was a child, there were times when we had to entertain ourselves. And usually the best way to do that was to turn on the TV. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When I was a kid my favorite relative was Uncle Caveman. After school we'd all go play in his cave, and every once in a while he would eat one of us. It wasn't until later that I found out that Uncle Caveman was a bear. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When I was a kid, I never saw a puppet show. I never played with puppets or had any interest in them. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	When I was young, my ambition was to be one of the people who made a difference in this world. My hope is to leave the world a little better for having been there. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	When I work, my first relationship with people is professional. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	When I’m working on a problem, I never think about beauty. I think only how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong. - R. Buckminster Fuller
whimsy	sfw	When J. Robert Oppenheimer said "I am become death, the destroyer Of worlds", He was not referring to the atomic bomb. He was referring to the Chuck Norris halloween costume he was wearing.
whimsy	sfw	When Rick told me he was having trouble with his wife, I had to laugh. Not because of what he said, but because of a joke I thought of. I told him the joke, but he didn't laugh very much. Some friend HE is. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When Steven Seagal kills a ninja, he only takes its hide. When Chuck Norris kills a ninja, he uses every part.
whimsy	sfw	When The Muppet Show ended, we all sat around and said, what kind of television show would we like to do. We felt the need these days are for some quality children's programming. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	When a distinguished but elderly scientist states that something is possible he is almost certainly right. When he states that something is impossible, he is very probably wrong. - Arthur C. Clarke
whimsy	sfw	When a well-packaged web of lies has been sold gradually to the masses over generations, the truth will seem utterly preposterous and its speaker a raving lunatic. - Dresden James
whimsy	sfw	When all else fails, use more duct tape!
whimsy	sfw	When an episode of Walker Texas Ranger was aired in France, the French surrendered to Chuck Norris just to be on the safe side.
whimsy	sfw	When facism comes to America it will be wrapped in the flag and carrying a cross. - Sinclair Lewis
whimsy	sfw	When ignorance gets started it knows no bounds. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	When in a bar, you can order a drink called a "Chuck Norris". It is also known as a "Bloody Mary", if your name happens to be Mary.
whimsy	sfw	When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us. - Alexander Graham Bell
whimsy	sfw	When one tugs at a single thing in nature, he finds it attached to the rest of the world. - John Muir
whimsy	sfw	When should a college athlete turn pro? Not until he has earned all he can in college as an amateur. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	When someone hands you a flyer, it's like they're saying here you throw this away. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	When taking the SAT, write "Chuck Norris" for every answer. You will score over 8000.
whimsy	sfw	When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
whimsy	sfw	When the age of the Vikings came to a close, they must have sensed it. Probably, they gathered together one evening, slapped each other on the back and said, "Hey, good job." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When the forms of an old culture are dying, the new culture is created by a few people who are not afraid to be insecure. - Rudolf Bahro
whimsy	sfw	When the going gets tough, switch to power tools.
whimsy	sfw	When the phone started ringing too many times, I had to take it back to what I can handle. I take my chances on a job or a person as opposed to a situation. I don't like to have a situation placed over my head. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	When the solution is simple, God is answering. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	When this girl at the art museum asked me whom I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, "I like mayonnaise." She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, "I like mayonnaise." She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When we get too caught up in the busyness of the world we lose connection with one another and ourselves. - Jack Kornfield
whimsy	sfw	When we have lost everything, including hope, life becomes a disgrace, and death a duty. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	When we see men of a contrary character, we should turn inwards and examine ourselves. - Confucius
whimsy	sfw	When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves. - William Arthur Ward
whimsy	sfw	When we understand the needs that motivate our own and other’s behavior, we have no enemies. - Marshall Rosenberg
whimsy	sfw	When you accept who you really are, your arguments with others cease. - Paul Ferrini
whimsy	sfw	When you are completely absorbed or caught up in something, you become oblivious to things around you, or to the passage of time. It is this absorption in what you are doing that frees your unconscious and releases your creative imagination. - Dr. Rollo May
whimsy	sfw	When you blame and criticize others, you are avoiding some truth about yourself. - Deepak Chopra
whimsy	sfw	When you die, if you get a choice between going to regular heaven or pie heaven, choose pie heaven. It might be a trick, but if it's not, ummmm, boy. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When you die, if you go somewhere where they ask you a bunch of questions about your life and what you learned and all, I think a good way to get out of it is just to say, "No speaka English." -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When you do something, you should burn yourself completely, like a good bonfire, leaving no trace of yourself. - Shunryu Suzuki
whimsy	sfw	When you first start wearing a turban, probably the most common mistake is wrapping it too tight. You have to allow the head to breathe. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When you go for a job interview, I think a good thing to ask is if they ever press charges. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When you go ice-skating, try not to swing your arms too much, because that really annoys me. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When you go in for a job interview, I think a good thing to ask is if they ever press charges. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When you go to a party at somebody's house, don't automatically assume that the drinks are free. Ask, and ask often. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When you listen generously to people they can hear the truth in themselves, often for the first time. - Rachel Naomi Remen
whimsy	sfw	When you play Monopoly with Chuck Norris, you do not pass go, and you do not collect two hundred dollars. You will be lucky if you make it out alive.
whimsy	sfw	When you put down the good things you ought to have done, and leave out the bad ones you did do well, that's Memoirs. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	When you say "no one's perfect", Chuck Norris takes this as a personal insult.
whimsy	sfw	When you see grown men near to tears because they've missed hitting a little white ball into a hole from three feet, it makes you laugh. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	When you see someone sinking in quicksand, is it funnier if you know the person? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When you stop projecting your anger & fear on the world, you can stand for truth without hurting others. - Paul Ferrini
whimsy	sfw	When you're Chuck Norris, anything + anything is equal to 1. One roundhouse kick to the face.
whimsy	sfw	When you're going up the stairs and you take a step, kick the other leg up high behind you to keep people from following too close. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When you're riding in a time machine way far into the future, don't stick your elbow out the window, or it'll turn into a fossil. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	When your creative expressions match the needs of you fellow humans, then wealth will spontaneously manifest. - Deepak Chopra
whimsy	sfw	When your judgements parade as the truth, you deceive everyone, including yourself. - Paul Ferrini
whimsy	sfw	Whenever I hear the sparrow chirping, watch the woodpecker chirp, catch a chirping trout, or listen to the sad howl of the chirp rat, I think: Oh boy! I'm going insane again. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Whenever I need to ``get away,'' I just get away in my mind. I go to my imaginary spot, where the beach is perfect and the water is perfect and the weather is perfect. The only bad thing there are the flies. They're terrible! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Whenever I open a door, I pull on the doorknob real hard, because isn't there a saying that if it comes off in your hand, you can rear back and throw it as hard as you can? I thought I heard that somewhere. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what is I was an ant, and she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Whenever I think of the high salaries we are paid as film actors, I think it is for the travel, the time away, and any trouble you get into through being well known. It's not for the acting, that's for sure. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	Whenever anyone says "I can't," it makes me wish he'd get stung to death by about ten thousand bees. When he says "I'll try," five thousand bees. ("I can," one bee.) -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Whenever someone asks me to define love, I usually think for a minute, then I spin around and pin the guy's arm behind his back. NOW who's asking the questions? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Whenever you do things from your Soul, you feel a river inside, a joy. - Rumi
whimsy	sfw	Whenever you read a good book, it's like the author is right there, in the room, talking to you, which is why I don't like to read good books. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Whenever you think that your needs are not being met, you’re telling the story of a future. - Byron Katie
whimsy	sfw	Where there's smoke, there's fire; where there's fire, there's Ranger Gord; where there's Ranger Gord, there's... nothing...
whimsy	sfw	Whether they ever find life there or not, I think Jupiter should be considered an enemy planet. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Whether they live in an igloo or a grass shack or a mud hut, people around the world all want the same thing: a better house! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	While urinating, Chuck Norris is easily capable of welding titanium.
whimsy	sfw	Who are you going to believe, me or your own eyes? -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Who let the dogs out? Chuck Norris let the dogs out... and then roundhouse kicked them through an Oldsmobile.
whimsy	sfw	Whoever named it necking was a poor judge of anatomy. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Whoever said "only the good die young" was probably in Chuck Norris's kindergarten class.
whimsy	sfw	Why a four-year-old child could understand this report. Run out and find me a four-year-old child. I can't make head nor tail out of it. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Why do people in ship mutinies always ask for "better treatment"? I'd ask for a pinball machine, because with all that rocking back and forth you'd probably be able to get a lot of free games. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Why do the caterpillar and the ant have to be enemies? One eats leaves, and the other eats caterpillars. Oh, I see now. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Why do there have to be rules for everything? It's gotten to the point that rules dominate just about every aspect of our lives. In fact, it might be said that rules have become the foot-long sticks of mankind. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Why does Marta still laugh when I put on my T-shirt backward, even though I’ve done it hundreds of times? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything? If it works as well as prohibition did, in five years Americans would be the smartest race of people on Earth. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Why don't you put your money where your mouth is. Or do you have that much money?
whimsy	sfw	Why is Cloud 9 so amazing? What is wrong with Cloud 8? That joke came off the top of my head, and the top of my head ain't funny! -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	Why is a funny cowboy dance hysterical but a funny sailor dance confusing? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Why is a man slipping on a banana peel funny, but not as funny as a man choking on a banana peel? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Why is it boring when your friend Don tells you about his wife leaving him but you laugh when you find out that she left him for another man named Don? ~ Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Why is it that we will laugh at a man in a clown outfit, but we won't laugh at a man just walking down the street carrying a clown outfit in one of those plastic dry-cleaner bags? -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Why should I care about posterity? What's posterity ever done for me? -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Why, I'd horse-whip you if I had a horse. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Wickedness is a myth invented by good people to account for the curious attractiveness of others. - Oscar Wilde
whimsy	sfw	Wilt Chamberlain claims to have slept with more than 20,000 women in his lifetime. Chuck Norris calls this "a slow Tuesday."
whimsy	sfw	Winston Rothschild here for Rothschild's Sewage and Septic Sucking Services, where we put the P.U. in pump!
whimsy	sfw	Winston Rothschild here from Rothschild's Sewage and Septic Sucking Services, with a lesson for you: "There once was a man from Turkey, whose septics were plugged up and murky. They blamed it on lead from the pipes in the bed when the culprit was too much beef jerky."
whimsy	sfw	Winston Rothschild, III: I need an heir! Red Green: You already have an air. What you need is a shower!
whimsy	sfw	Winston Rothschild: Do you notice a difference in your reply as compared to ours? Red Green: Yeah -- I didn't LIE!
whimsy	sfw	Winston Rothschild: I've made up all these advertising fliers for my sewage business, and so I want to find the best way to use them. Red Green: [offhandedly] Just toss 'em in the trash can, like everybody else does!
whimsy	sfw	Winston Rothschild: That really stinks! Your attitude SUCKS! Red Green: Well, your TRUCK does BOTH OF THOSE, Winston.
whimsy	sfw	Wisdom is a love affair with questions. Knowledge is a love affair with answers. - Julio Olalla (via Holly Croydon)
whimsy	sfw	Wisdom is what’s left after we’ve run out of personal opinions. - Cullen Hightower
whimsy	sfw	Wisdom tends to grow in proportion to one’s awareness of one’s ignorance. - Anthony de Mello
whimsy	sfw	Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something. - Plato
whimsy	sfw	With the rising cost of gasoline, Chuck Norris is beginning to worry about his drinking habit.
whimsy	sfw	With their miniscule families, humans are often forced to rely on a "state" or "nation" for support. Pity them. Than-thre-kull Anthropology Text, approx. CY 7956
whimsy	sfw	Without danger you cannot get beyond danger. - George Herbert
whimsy	sfw	Wives are people who feel they don't dance enough. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	Women are like elephants. I like to look at 'em, but I wouldn't want to own one. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	Women should be obscene and not heard. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	sfw	World War II could not beat up World War I.
whimsy	sfw	Worry is preposterous; we don’t know enough to worry. - Wei Boyang
whimsy	sfw	Worry pretends to be necessary but serves no useful purpose. - Eckhart Tolle (thanks @ktotheb)
whimsy	sfw	Worrying is like paying on a debt that may never come due. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	Worrying is using your imagination to create something you don’t want. - Esther Hicks
whimsy	sfw	Worship the potato? The idea seemed silly to me. But then I thought, what else is more deserving of worship? It's simple, it comes from the earth, and it can kill you if you disobey it. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	Y'know, you can't please all the people all the time... and last night, all those people were at my show. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	Ya know, I think it was Sir Isaac Newton-John who once said, "Whatever comes down must go up -- IF ya got enough water-pressure!"
whimsy	sfw	Ya know, when I was a kid playing street-hockey with my friends, and a car came along, we all CLEARED OUT -- 'cause we didn't wanna feel guilty about holdin' up traffic. But kids today DON'T FEEL GUILTY ABOUT ANYTHING! I blame the YOUNG OFFENDERS ACT.
whimsy	sfw	Yeah, I did some small parts in high school and the first year of college and then fairly soon thereafter I settled into the backstage scenery, and then at the University of Maryland I was doing posters for their productions. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	Yeah, I think that's sort of the American way. And it's also the Polish way, it turns out. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	sfw	Yeah, I think we did the term Muppets before we got the show Sam and Friends - a few months after I started working. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	Yeah, I think we should just take that right to bed, see how it creases the sheets.
whimsy	sfw	Yeah, we pretty much had a form and a shape by that time - a style - and I think one of the advantages of not having any relationship to any other puppeteer was that it gave me a reason to put those together myself for the needs of television. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	Yeah, well when I first started working, it was $5 a show; it was probably a little higher by the time I got to my own show, but I remember that they put me under contract at $100 a week, which to me was really an astronomical price. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	Yet if he upbraided her in his hurry, it was to repent bitterly his temper the next, and to feel its effects more than she, temper being a weapon that we hold by the blade. - James Barrie
whimsy	sfw	Yo can’t reason someone out of something he didn’t reason himself into. - Jonathan Swift (via Alfie Kohn)
whimsy	sfw	You are an aperture through which the universe is looking at and exploring itself. - Alan Watts
whimsy	sfw	You are never upset for the reason you think. - A Course in Miracles
whimsy	sfw	You are not just a drop in the ocean, you the mighty ocean in the drop. - Rumi
whimsy	sfw	You can achieve anything you want in life if you have the courage to dream it, the intelligence to make a realistic plan, and the will to see that plan through to the end. - Sidney A. Friedman
whimsy	sfw	You can kidnap me and force me to be your watchdog if you want to. But I'm telling you, I will bark at any sound I hear and it will drive you crazy. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	You can never cross the ocean unless you have the courage to lose sight of the shore. - Christopher Columbus
whimsy	sfw	You can never learn anything that is not a part of yourself. - Louis Kahn
whimsy	sfw	You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions. - Naguib Mahfouz
whimsy	sfw	You can't play April Fools jokes on April 27th.
whimsy	sfw	You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you in a new way. ~ Will Rogers
whimsy	sfw	You can't tell me that cowboys, when they're branding cattle, don't sort of "accidentally" brand each other every once in a while. It's their way of letting off stress. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	You can't trust water: Even a straight stick turns crooked in it. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	sfw	You cannot antagonize and influence at the same time. - John Knox
whimsy	sfw	You cannot be lonely if you like the person you’re alone with. - Wayne Dyer
whimsy	sfw	You cannot teach a man anything; you can only help him discover it in himself. - Galileo Galilei
whimsy	sfw	You can’t come to a new point of view until you realize what your brainwashing has been. - Morton Kelsey
whimsy	sfw	You desire to know the art of living, my friend? It is contained in one phrase: make use of suffering. - Henri Frederic Amiel
whimsy	sfw	You do not really understand something unless you can explain it to your grandmother. - Albert Einstein
whimsy	sfw	You ever see one of these? It's called a GPS, which stands for - well, who cares? Point is, this thing uses satellites to tell you where you are, which means that every man can have a five-hundred-dollar reason not to ask for directions.
whimsy	sfw	You get trapped by stories. Though I've got this reputation for being out of control, it's not true, it just happens to be a more interesting story than the truth. -- Terry Gilliam
whimsy	sfw	You have to know how to accept rejection and reject acceptance. - Ray Bradbury
whimsy	sfw	You know how they say if you die in your dream then you will die in real life? In actuality, if you dream of death then Chuck Norris will find you and kill you.
whimsy	sfw	You know how to paint a room real fast? Just put paint rollers on your feet and somehow figure out how to skate up the walls and across the ceiling. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	You know me, safety forced.
whimsy	sfw	You know one thing that will really make a woman mad? Just run up and kick her in the butt. (P.S. This also works with men.) -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	You know something that would really make me applaud? A guy gets stuck in quicksand, then sinks, then suddenly comes shooting out, riding on water skis! How do they do that?! -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	You know what makes good hair for a snow man? REAL hair. Don't ask me why, but it works. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	You know what would be the most terrifying thing that could ever happen to a flea? Getting caught inside a watch somehow. You don't even care, do you. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	You know what would make a good story? Something about a clown who make people happy, but inside he's real sad. Also, he has severe diarrhea. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	You know what would make a good story? Something about a clown who makes people happy, but inside he's real sad. Also, he has severe diarrhea. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	You know what's probably a good thing to hang on your porch in the summertime, to keep mosquitoes away from you and your guests? Just a big bag of blood. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	sfw	You know when they have a fishing show on TV? They catch the fish and then let it go. They don't want to eat the fish, they just want to make it late for something. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	sfw	You know, contrary to popular folklore, bats will not suck the blood out of your body. That's your boss' job.
whimsy	sfw	You know, it's not what you make, it's what you spend there. It's not what you pay, it's what you buy.
whimsy	sfw	You lose it if you talk about it. - Ernest Hemingway
whimsy	sfw	You may think that your handsome youthful looks are behind you, but the people who are standing back there may not share that opinion!
whimsy	sfw	You might say reality is the result of complex negotiations between the observer and the observed. But that is simply a point of view. Michio von Kerr, "The Apotheosis of Reason", CY 11542
whimsy	sfw	You must be the change you wish to see in the world (- Mahatma Gandhi). As applied to software: design software as if it were the beautiful paradise you want it to be, then build pieces of the scaffolding back to the status quo. - Luke Palmer (blog post)
whimsy	sfw	You must live in the present, launch yourself on every wave, find your eternity in each moment. - Henry David Thoreau
whimsy	sfw	You need a tank moved, you pay someone. You need a roof reshingled, you pay someone. You need underwear, you pay someone. I just don't work that way, Harold.
whimsy	sfw	You never change things by fighting the existing reality. To change something, build a new model that makes the existing model obsolete. - Buckminster Fuller
whimsy	sfw	You should get on with the next segment, I think; it's more interesting than this. This is boring. This is as bad as a PBS subscription drive; that's how bad this is. Next segment's interesting, though.
whimsy	sfw	You think 'Fear Factor' is gross? I eat with these hands!
whimsy	sfw	You will never find time for anything. You must make it. - Charles Buxton
whimsy	sfw	You're assisting the audience to understand; you're giving them a bridge or an access. And if you don't give them that, if you keep it more abstract, it's almost more pure. It's a cooler thing. -- Jim Henson
whimsy	sfw	You're never more alive than the first time someone puts a gun to your favorite head and asks you to dance. Major Korgo Korgar, "Last of the Lancers", AFC 32
whimsy	sfw	You're watching "The Red Green Show" and nobody can stop you.
whimsy	sfw	You're wrong about what gives people zits, and you're wrong about what makes teenagers go blind.
whimsy	sfw	Your commitment to other people must be an extension of your commitment to yourself, not at odds with it. - Paul Ferrini
whimsy	sfw	Your decision to be, have and do something out of ordinary entails facing difficulties that are out of the ordinary as well. Sometimes your greatest asset is simply your ability to stay with it longer than anyone else. - Brian Tracy
whimsy	sfw	Your happiness depends on you alone. - Aristotle
whimsy	sfw	Your problems are just old habit patterns, asking to be released. - Karen Bell (KB, ktotheb)
whimsy	sfw	Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it. - Rumi
whimsy	sfw	Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens…. - Carl Jung
whimsy	sfw	Your wife left you? Blow up the stove. Otherwise you'll start cooking for yourself and that's dangerous.
whimsy	sfw	You’re happiest while you’re making the greatest contribution. - Robert F. Kennedy
whimsy	sfw	Zek's Revised Ferengi Rules of Acquisition: Rule 001 » If they want their money back, give it to them.
whimsy	sfw	Zek's Revised Ferengi Rules of Acquisition: Rule 010 » Greed is dead.
whimsy	sfw	Zek's Revised Ferengi Rules of Acquisition: Rule 021 » Never place profit before friendship.
whimsy	sfw	Zek's Revised Ferengi Rules of Acquisition: Rule 022 » Latinum tarnishes, but family is forever.
whimsy	sfw	Zek's Revised Ferengi Rules of Acquisition: Rule 023 » Money can never replace dignity.
whimsy	sfw	Zek's Revised Ferengi Rules of Acquisition: Rule 285 » A good deed is its own reward.
whimsy	sfw	[Being dangerous is] what gets the juices flowing -- the adrenaline, the testosterone, the hydrogen peroxide...
whimsy	sfw	[Red and Harold enter the Lodge after Harold was driving with Red] Red Green: Well, that wasn't so bad, Harold. Old Lady Benkman yelled a lot, but I think those shrubs were already dead.
whimsy	sfw	[The Possum Lodge Word Game: "hand"] Red Green: You and your wife go out for a walk and you hold... Dalton Humphries: My temper. Red Green: No, she's feeling romantic so she takes your... Dalton Humphries: Wallet?
whimsy	sfw	[The Possum Lodge Word Game: Manners] Red Green: When somebody belches at the dinner table that's a sign of bad...? Dougie Franklin: Burritos. Red Green: When you belch at the dinner table, your mom says mind your...? Dougie Franklin: Spray?
whimsy	sfw	[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: Let's say your wife is planning a fancy dinner-- Dalton Humphrey: KFC!
whimsy	sfw	[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: The building you were in when you were married. Bob Steuyvesant: Motel 6.
whimsy	sfw	[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: This is a family member, Mike; the man who slept with your mother. Mike: Could you be a little more specific? Red: If your wife had kids, you would be...? Mike: Long gone. Red: Aha! Just like your...? Mike: Father.
whimsy	sfw	[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: This is an animated character whose name is Donald... Dalton Humphrey: Trump?
whimsy	sfw	[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: This is something you play at parties... Edgar: Spin the grenade!
whimsy	sfw	[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: This is what normal people drink. Ranger Gord: Beer. Red: Um, OK, but this has no taste to it. Ranger Gord: American beer?
whimsy	sfw	[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: What word comes to mind when you think of bone china or crystal? Edgar Montrose: Oops!
whimsy	sfw	[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: Younger than 20; older than 12. Dalton Humphrey: Shoplifter?
whimsy	sfw	[The revised Men Anonymous pledge.] I'm a man...but I changed...if I had to...Oh well.
whimsy	sfw	[a poem called "Tiny Shoots"] Tiny shoots come out of the ground. Crocuses, tulips and daffodils rise to a height of 2 1/2 inches and are frozen in time, not by a late frost, but by a dirty lawnmower.
whimsy	sfw	[a spitting cobra is preparing to attack] Ed Frid: He's getting ready to spit! Red Green: Ohh, so am I! Or, or, or, or, or did you say spit?
whimsy	sfw	[poem] It is spring. Tadpoles swim in a stagnant pond, surrounded by floating lilies and water snakes. You're tempted to destroy their world with men and equipment, to dry up the swamp and kill the animals. But what the heck? You don't go down in the basement that often anyway.
whimsy	sfw	[poem] It is summer. In the shade of an apple tree, you relax with a mint julep or nine. Summer is no time for stress. You casually forget your aunt's birthday. She thanks you.
whimsy	sfw	[poem] It is winter. Cousin Jerry was lying in the snow making snow angels. Along came the snowplow. Now Cousin Jerry is making REAL angels.
whimsy	sfw	[poem] It is winter. We hitched the horse up to the sleigh, like Grandfather used to do. Over hills and through the dells we'd glide for an hour or two. And soon my ears are brittle and my mouth is frozen shut. My eyes are locked wide open and all I see is the horse's butt.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] Bacon drippings! Bacon drippings! Bacon drippings, bacon! If you want to call your song 'Bacon Drippings' I'm sorry; it's been taken.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] Fingers are handy, you must understand You can do more things with your fingers than you can count on one hand Work with them, point with them, pick with them, scratch But if you give a big guy the finger, you may not get it back.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] Hoein' every hayfield and puttin' them in bales Pickin' all the peapods and puttin' them in pails It's time to reap the harvest; we're goin' as fast as we can Tryin' to get the crops in before the farmer that owns this place comes out and starts shootin' at us.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] I loved her on the rooftop but she didn't like my flashin' she threw my heart in the down spout, and now I drink a lot, and drive trucks.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] My butterfly collection gives me so much pride My butterfly collection makes me warm inside The monarchs, blues and yellows; these are beauties, man oh man Come see my butterfly collection - they're all wedged in the grille of my van.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] Oh, I have one whisker on the end of my nose And the more I shave it, the more it grows I waxed it and stretched it until it was 40 inches long And then it was hit by lightning and I was forced to rethink the whole project.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] Oh, I know a guy with a car named Sue, he was the butt of many jokes He had named his car after his wife, 'Cause it's hard to start and it smokes.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] Oh, a horse with a horn is called a unicorn A horse with stripes is called a zebra A horse with wings is called Pegasus And a horse with a broken leg is called glue.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] Oh, hats off to my science teachers They were absolutely right after all 'Cause I just threw a fridge off my roof And cold air definitely falls.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] Oh, the mountain is high and the valley is low It's the laws of Nature that make it so If the valley is high and the mountain is low You're either upside down or drunk or both.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] Oh, the mountain is high and the valley is low It's the laws of nature that make it so If the valley is high and the mountain is low You're either upside-down or drunk, or both.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] Oh, there's a hole in my tent and the water's coming in. It's rainin' on my hat, and it's drippin' on my chin. Always remember camping lesson number one. If there're bugs in your tent, don't shoot 'em with a gun.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] Oh, you never see a vampire with a full grown beard But a vampire can't see his reflection So a lack of facial hair is unbelievably weird 'Cause you'd think shaving would be out of the question.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] Oh, your hands are connected to your arms, your arms are connected to your shoulders, your shoulders are connected to your body, your body is connected to your head. Oh, your head is connected to... nothing... and that explains a lot.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] Sometimes I get to thinkin' About all the mistakes I've made All the people I've hurt And all the bills I haven't paid Sometimes I get to thinkin' I should change and get on the ball... But then I turn on the ol' TV and I don't get to thinkin' at all.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] The elbow is throbbing, from the strength of the force The shoulder is separated, it may get a divorce The wrist is all numb, and the fingers are swollen And if this outboard doesn't start on the very next pull, she's goin' into the lake.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] Tougher than iron, not one ounce of fat All sinew and muscle, and blacker than black... I guess I burned the steaks again.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] When you feel like a toad on the highway of life and everyone seems like a steel-belted radial when you're lyin' there squished in an assortment of bodily fluids at least you left your mark.
whimsy	sfw	[singing] When you wish upon a star Make sure it's not our own sun 'Cause wishing on our sun isn't much fun Unless your wish is to burn out your retinas.
whimsy	sfw	disperse your money and attention with extreme miserliness when people start telling you they have the answers. There are no answers at this point. Part of growing up is to live without answers. - Terence McKenna
whimsy	sfw	drop the story line, which means instead of acting out/repressing—use the situation as an opportunity to feel your heart, to feel the wound. - Pema Chödrön
whimsy	sfw	preparing to saw into the bellows of the old accordion] If there are any MUSIC LOVERS out there - - you're WELCOME!
whimsy	sfw	we make our world significant by the courage of our questions and the depth of our answers. - Carl Sagan
whimsy	sfw	‘I don’t know’ is my favorite position. - Byron Katie
whimsy	sfw	‘Rights’ are granted; ‘duties’ are enforced. To speak of rights and duties is to think in terms of authority. - Laurence Labadie
whimsy	sfw	… inherited collective mind-patterns … have kept humans in bondage to suffering for eons. - Eckhart Tolle
whimsy	sfw	…if there is sin against life, it lies in hoping for another life and evading the implacable grandeur of the one we have. - Albert Camus
whimsy	spicy	'I am' is reportedly the shortest sentence in the English language. Could it be that 'I do' is the longest sentence? -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	70% of a human's weight is water. 70% of Chuck Norris' weight is his dick.
whimsy	spicy	A high tide means Chuck Norris is flying over your coast. The tide is caused by God pissing his pants.
whimsy	spicy	A man once claimed Chuck Norris kicked his ass twice, but it was promptly dismissed as false - no one could survive it the first time.
whimsy	spicy	Always do whatever's next. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	As a teen, Chuck Norris had sex with every nun in a convent tucked away in the hills of Tuscany. Nine months later the nuns gave birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only undefeated and untied team in professional football history.
whimsy	spicy	At a formal dinner party, the person nearest death should always be seated closest to the bathroom. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Atheism is a non-prophet organization. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris does not follow fashion trends, they follow him. But then he turns around and kicks their ass. Nobody follows Chuck Norris.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris does not kick ass and take names. In fact, Chuck Norris kicks ass and assigns the corpse a number. It is currently recorded to be in the billions.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris invented a language that incorporates karate and roundhouse kicks. So next time Chuck Norris is kicking your ass, don't be offended or hurt, he may be just trying to tell you he likes your hat.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris invented the internet? just so he had a place to store his porn.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris is 1/8th Cherokee. This has nothing to do with ancestry, the man ate a fucking Indian.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris is like a dog, not only because he can smell fear, but because he can piss on whatever the fuck he wants.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris is not capable of hitting a target on the broad side of a barn. Every time he tries, the whole damn barn falls down.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris is the only known mammal in history to have an opposable thumb. On his penis.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris needs a monkeywrench and a blowtorch to masturbate.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris once had sex with a cigarette machine in the Osaka airport.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris puts his pants on one leg at a time, just like the rest of us. The only difference is, then he fucking kills people.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris wipes his ass with chain mail and sandpaper.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris won super bowls VII and VIII singlehandedly before unexpectedly retiring to pursue a career in ass-kicking.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris' Penis is a third degree blackbelt, and an honorable 32nd-degree mason.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris' blood type is AK+. Ass-Kicking Positive. It is compatible only with heavy construction equipment, tanks, and fighter jets.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris' dick is so big, it has it's own dick, and that dick is still bigger than yours.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris' penis has a Hemi.
whimsy	spicy	Chuck Norris' sperm is so badass, he had sex with Nicole Kidman, and 7 months later she prematurely gave birth to a Ford Excursion.
whimsy	spicy	Death is caused by swallowing small amounts of saliva over a long period of time. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Divide Chuck Norris by zero and you will in fact get one........one bad-ass motherfucker that is.
whimsy	spicy	Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Dusting is a good example of the futility of trying to put things right. As soon as you dust, the fact of your next dusting has already been established. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Easy reading is damn hard writing. - Nathaniel Hawthorne
whimsy	spicy	Electricity is really just organized lightning. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Fact: Chuck Norris doesn't consider it sex if the woman survives.
whimsy	spicy	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 184. There are three things you must not talk to aliens: sex, religion and taxes
whimsy	spicy	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 4. Sex and profit are the two things that never last long enough
whimsy	spicy	Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Give a man a fish, and you will feed him for a day. Give a man anything that is better than a fish, and Chuck Norris will beat his ass and take it.
whimsy	spicy	Halloween does not kick Thanksgiving's ass.
whimsy	spicy	Hap Shaughnessy: I quit whaling after my near fatal encounter with the great white whale Moby Richard. Harold Green: I think you mean Moby Dick. Hap Shaughnessy: No, I didn't know him that well.
whimsy	spicy	Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac? -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	I believe in making the world safe for our children, but not our children's children, because I don't think children should be having sex. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	spicy	I have as much authority as the Pope, I just don't have as many people who believe it. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	I recently went to a new doctor and noticed he was located in something called the Professional Building. I felt better right away. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	I remember one day I was at Grandpa's farm and I asked him about sex. He sort of smiled and said, "Maybe instead of telling you what sex is, why don't we go out to the horse pasture and I'll show you." So we did, and there on the ground were my parents having sex. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	spicy	I remember the first time I had sex - I kept the receipt. -- Groucho Marx
whimsy	spicy	I think it would be interesting if old people got anti-Alzheimer's disease where they slowly began to recover other people's lost memories. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	I think people should be allowed to do anything they want. We haven't tried that for a while. Maybe this time it'll work. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	I think that the online world has actually brought books back. People are reading because they're reading the damn screen. That's more reading than people used to do. -- Bill Murray
whimsy	spicy	I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older; then it dawned on me - they're cramming for their final exam. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman, 'Where's the self-help section?' She said if she told me, it would defeat the purpose. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	I would never want to be a member of a group whose symbol was a guy nailed to two pieces of wood. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	I'm a heroine addict. I need to have sex with women who have saved someone's life. -- Mitch Hedberg
whimsy	spicy	I'm always relieved when someone is delivering a eulogy and I realize I'm listening to it. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. My idea is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	I'm not concerned about all hell breaking loose, but that a PART of hell will break loose... it'll be much harder to detect. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	If Chuck Norris were a calendar, every month would be named Chucktober, and every day he'd kick your ass.
whimsy	spicy	If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no point in being a damn fool about it. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	spicy	If it's true that our species is alone in the universe, then I'd have to say the universe aimed rather low and settled for very little. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	If we could just find out who's in charge, we could kill him. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	If we were to code your mom in a C++ function she would look like this: double mom (double fat){ mom(fat);return mom;}; //your mom is recursively fat.
whimsy	spicy	If you Google search "Chuck Norris getting his ass kicked" you will generate zero results. It just doesn't happen.
whimsy	spicy	If you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	If you rate this 5 roundhouse kicks, then Chuck Norris WILL roundhouse kick Justin Bieber's ass.
whimsy	spicy	In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Inside every cynical person, there is a disappointed idealist. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Instead of having a cigarette after sex, Chuck Norris heads outside and brands his cattle.
whimsy	spicy	It is said that every time you masturbate, God kills a kitten. Every time God masturbates, Chuck Norris kills a lion.
whimsy	spicy	It took yo momma 10 tries to get her drivers license - she couldn't get used to the front seat!
whimsy	spicy	Jean-Claude Van Damme once kicked Chuck Norris' ass. He was then awakened from his dream by a roundhouse kick to the face.
whimsy	spicy	Just cause you got the monkey off your back doesn't mean the circus has left town. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Marta likes to talk about sensuality, but I don't think she would know sensuality if it bit her on the ass. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	spicy	May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Mr. T pities the fool. Chuck Norris rips the fool's fucking head off.
whimsy	spicy	Never look a gift Chuck Norris in the mouth, because he will bite your damn eyes off.
whimsy	spicy	Not only do I not know what's going on, I wouldn't know what to do about it if I did. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	One can never know for sure what a deserted area looks like. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	People who say they don't care what people think are usually desperate to have people think they don't care what people think. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Physics is like sex: sure, it may give some practical results, but that’s not why we do it. - Richard P. Feynman
whimsy	spicy	Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn’t go away. - Philip K. Dick
whimsy	spicy	Religion is just mind control. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Some people see things that are and ask, Why? Some people dream of things that never were and ask, Why not? Some people have to go to work and don't have time for all that. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Some things are better than sex, and some are worse, but there's nothing exactly like it. -- W. C. Fields
whimsy	spicy	Standing ovations have become far too commonplace. What we need are ovations where the audience members all punch and kick one another. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	The 11th commandment is "Thou shalt not piss off Chuck Norris" This commandment is rarely enforced, as it is impossible to accomplish.
whimsy	spicy	The basic tool for the manipulation of reality is the manipulation of words. If you can control the meaning of words, you can control the people who must use the words. - Philip K. Dick
whimsy	spicy	The infinite series of yo momma from 0 to infinity is strictly diverging.
whimsy	spicy	The integral of yo momma is fat plus a constant, where the constant is equal to more fat.
whimsy	spicy	The limit of yo momma's ass goes to infinity.
whimsy	spicy	The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	The mass of yo momma at rest is approximately equal to that of a neutron star traveling at (1-(10^-1000))c.
whimsy	spicy	The only way to get from point A to point B is around yo momma's fat ass.
whimsy	spicy	The original draft of The Lord of the Rings featured Chuck Norris instead of Frodo Baggins. It was only 5 pages long, as Chuck roundhouse-kicked Sauron's ass halfway through the first chapter.
whimsy	spicy	The other night I ate at a real nice family restaurant. Every table had an argument going. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	The prince decided he would learn anger. So he gathered his subjects together outside his balcony. :Who would teach me anger?" he said. "Fuck you!" somebody yelled. "Okay, how about algebra?" said the prince. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	spicy	The reason I talk to myself is that I'm the only one whose answers I accept. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	The status quo sucks. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	The truth will set you free. But first, it will piss you off. - Gloria Steinem
whimsy	spicy	The very existence of flame-throwers proves that some time, somewhere, someone said to themselves, You know, I want to set those people over there on fire, but I'm just not close enough to get the job done. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	The volume of yo momma is an improper integral.
whimsy	spicy	There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	They had to edit the first ending of 'Lone Wolf McQuade' after Chuck Norris kicked David Carradine's ass, then proceeded to barbecue and eat him.
whimsy	spicy	They once made a Chuck Norris toilet paper, but there was a problem-- It wouldn't take shit from anybody.
whimsy	spicy	They once made a Chuck Norris toilet paper, but there was a problem: It wouldn't take shit from anybody.
whimsy	spicy	Think off-center. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Too late, asshole.
whimsy	spicy	We used to laugh at Grandpa when he'd head off and go fishing. But we wouldn't be laughing that evening when he'd come back with some whore he picked up in town. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	spicy	We used to laugh at Grandpa when he'd head off to go fishing. But we wouldn't be laughing that evening, when he'd come back with some whore he picked up in town. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	spicy	Weather forecast for tonight: dark. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Well, if crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire, what do freedom fighters fight? They never mention that part to us, do they? -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	What does it mean to pre-board? Do you get on before you get on? -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	What's the difference between yo momma and a 747? About 20 pounds.
whimsy	spicy	What's the difference between yo momma and a Lay-Z-Boy? One's soft, squishy, and always has someone in it. The other is a chair.
whimsy	spicy	What's the difference between yo momma and a walrus? One has whiskers and smells of fish... the other one is a walrus!
whimsy	spicy	When Chuck Norris has sex with a man, it won't be because he is gay. It will be because he has run out of women.
whimsy	spicy	When Chuck Norris says "More cowbell", he fucking MEANS it.
whimsy	spicy	When Chuck Norris was born, he immediately had sex with the first nurse he saw. He was her first. She was his third. That afternoon.
whimsy	spicy	When Thomas Edison worked late into the night on the electric light, he had to do it by gas lamp or candle. I'm sure it made the work seem that much more urgent. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	When people say that the desert is lifeless, it just makes me want to grab them by the collar and yell, "Why you stupid, stupid bastard!" Then I drive them out into the desert to where the circus is, and point out the many forms of zebra and clown life. -- Jack Handey
whimsy	spicy	When someone is impatient and says, 'I haven't got all day,' I always wonder, How can that be? How can you not have all day? -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	When the movie Pulp Fiction was filmed they had to borrow Chuck Norris's wallet... It's the one that says "Bad Mother Fucker" on it
whimsy	spicy	When you step on the brakes your life is in your foot's hands. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	When you're born you get a ticket to the freak show. When you're born in America, you get a front row seat. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	Ya momma's so fat, her wand is a Slim Jim.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma = x/0 for every x in yo momma.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma So Fat, she can't fit through the moon door.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma conforms to Planck's law - the greater the frequency with which she screws, the more energetic she gets.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma got hit upside the head with an ugly stick.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma has so many teeth missing, that it looks like her tongue is in jail.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma has so much hair on her upper lip that she braids it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is cross-eyed and watches TV in stereo.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like Bazooka Joe, 5 cents a blow.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like Dominoes Pizza, one call does it all.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like Humpty Dumpty - First she gets humped, then she gets dumped.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like Pizza Hut - if she isn't there in 30 minutes... it's Free!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like Sprint - 10 cents a minute anywhere in the country.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a Chinese restaurant - All you can eat for only $9.95!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a Christmas tree, everybody hangs balls on her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a Discover card, she gives cash back.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a bag of potato chips, 'Free-To-Lay.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a basketball hoop, everybody gets a shot.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a bowling ball, she always winds up in the gutter.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a bowling ball... round, heavy, and you can fit three fingers in.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a bus, guys climb on and off her all day long.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a carpenter's dream - flat as a board and easy to nail.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a championship ring, everybody puts a finger in her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a chicken coop, cocks fly in and out all day.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a door knob, everybody gets a turn.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a fan - she's always blowing someone.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a fine restaurant, she only takes deliveries in the rear.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a gas station - you gotta pay before you pump!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a goalie - she only changes her pads after three periods.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a hockey player, she only showers after three periods.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a library, she's open to the public.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a light switch, even a little kid can turn her on.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a mail box, open day and night.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a microwave, press one button and she's hot.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a paper towel, she picks up all kinds of slimy wet stuff.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a protractor - she's good at every angle.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a slaughter house - everybody's hanging their meat up in her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a telephone, even a 3 year old can pick her up.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like a turtle - once she's on her back she's fucked.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like an ATM, open 24 hours.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like the new AOL 4.0: Fun, Fast, Easy and Free!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is like the sun, look at her too long and you'll go blind.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is missing a finger and can't count past nine.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so bald that even a wig wouldn't help!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so bald that she took a shower and got brain-washed!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so bald that you can see what's on her mind.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that her ass looks like two tires.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that her nickname is midnight.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that she bleeds molasses.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that she could show up naked to a funeral.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that she drinks water and pees coffee.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that she got her tattoo done in chalk.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that she has to wear white gloves when she eats Tootsie Rolls to keep from eating her fingers.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that she looks like a picture of outer-space with no stars... except when she smiles.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that she makes asphalt look grey.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that she spits chocolate milk!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that she was riding a motorcycle and got a ticket for tinted windows.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that she went to night school and was marked absent!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that that she can leave fingerprints on charcoal.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that when her eyes are red she looks like a beeper.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that when she goes outside, the streetlights turn on.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that when she goes swimming it looks like an oil spill.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that when she puts lotion on her legs it looks like she has on patent leather pants.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that when she puts on yellow lipstick, she looks like a cheese burger.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that when she smiles at night she looks like a pack of floating Chiclets.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dark that when the police shot at her, the bullets came back for flashlights.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dirty that even Swamp Thing told her to take a shower.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dirty that she has to creep up on bathwater.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dirty that she loses weight in the shower.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dirty that she makes mud look clean.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dirty that that she was banned from a sewage facility because of sanitation concerns.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dirty that that you can't tell where the dirt stops and she begins.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dirty that the US Government uses her bath water as a chemical weapon.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so dirty that when she tried to take a bath, the water jumped out and said 'I'll wait.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat MTX audio's subwoofers couldn't rattle her bones!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat and dumb that the only reason she opened her email was because she heard it contained spam.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat her headphones are a pair of PA speakers connected to a car amplifier.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat she threw on a sheet for Halloween and went as Antarctica.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that Dracula got Type 2 Diabetes after biting her neck.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that God couldn't light the Earth until she moved!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that I had to take a train and two buses just to get on the her good side!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that I ran around her twice and got lost.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that NASA has to orbit a satellite around her!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that Weight Watchers won't look at her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that a picture of her would fall off the wall.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that at the zoo, the elephants throw HER peanuts.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that eating contests have banned her because she is unfair competition.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that even Chuck Norris couldn't run around her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that even Dora can't explore her!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that even god can't lift her spirit.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that even her clothes have stretch marks!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that everytime she walks in high heels, she strikes oil!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that her belly button doesn't have lint, it has sweaters.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that her belly button's got an echo.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that her bellybutton gets home 15 minutes before she does.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that her blood type is Ragu.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that her butt drags on the ground and kids yell - 'there goes santa claus with his bag of toys!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that her derivative is strictly positive.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that her legs are like spoiled milk - white & chunky!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that her neck looks like a dozen hot dogs!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that her sedan can fit 5 people... or just yo momma with the front seats removed.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that her waist size is the Equator.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that in a love triangle, she'd be the hypotenuse.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that it took Usain Bolt 3 years to run around her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that light bends around her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that people jog around her for exercise.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she broke the Stairway to Heaven.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she can't even fit into an AOL chat room.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she can't even jump to a conclusion.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she cant reach into her back pocket.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she comes at you from all directions.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she could fall down and wouldn't even know it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she could sell shade.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she cut her leg and gravy poured out
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she doesn't eat with a fork, she eats with a forklift.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she doesn't have a tailor, she has a contractor.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she eats 'Wheat Thicks'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she fell and created the Grand Canyon!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she fell in love and broke it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she fell out of both sides of her bed.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she gets group insurance.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she gets her toenails painted at Lucky's Auto Body.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she got hit by a car and had to go to the hospital to have it removed.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she got hit by a parked car!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she had to go to Sea World to get baptized.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she has been declared a natural habitat for condors.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she has her own gravity field.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she has more Chins than a Chinese phone book!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she has to buy three airline tickets.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she has to iron her pants on the driveway.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she has to pull down her pants to get into her pockets.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she has to put her belt on with a boomerang.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she has to use a VCR as a beeper!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she influences the tides.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she left the house in high heels and came back wearing flip flops.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she looked up cheat codes for Wii Fit
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagen!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagen.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she measures 36-24-36, and the other arm is just as big.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she puts mayonnaise on aspirin.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she puts on her lipstick with a paint-roller!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she sat on a dollar and squeezed a booger out George Washington's nose.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she sets off car alarms when she runs.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she stands in two time zones.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she took geometry in high school just cause she heard there was gonna be some pi.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she uses a mattress for a tampon.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she uses redwoods to pick her teeth
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she uses the entire country of Mexico as her tanning bed.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she uses two buses for roller-blades.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she wakes up in sections!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she walked into the Gap and filled it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she was born on the fourth, fifth, and sixth of June.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she was cut from the cast of E.T., because she caused an eclipse when she rode the bike across the moon.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her for the New World.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she was in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade... wearing ropes.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she was zoned for commercial development.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she went on a light diet. As soon as it's light she starts eating.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she went to the fair and the kids thought she was a bouncy castle.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she went to the movie theatre and sat next to everyone.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she's got Amtrak written on her leg.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she's got every caterer in the city on speed dial!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she's got her own area code!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she's half Italian, half Irish, and half American.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that she's on both sides of the family!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that that her senior pictures had to be taken from a helicopter!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that that she cant tie her own shoes.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that that when I tried to drive around her I ran out of gas.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that that when she sits on the beach, Greenpeace shows up and tries to tow her back into the ocean...
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that the National Weather Service names each one of her farts.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that the camera TAKES AWAY 10 lbs from her appearance.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that the highway patrol made her wear a sign saying 'Caution! Wide Turn'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that the last time she saw 90210, it was on a scale.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that the last time the landlord saw her, he doubled the rent.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that the only exercise she gets is when she chases the ice cream truck.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that the only pictures you have of her were taken by satellite cameras.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that the ratio of the circumference to her diameter is four.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that the shadow of her butt weighs 100 pounds.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that the sign inside one restaurant says, “Maximum occupancy: 300, or Yo momma.”
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that the stripes on her pajamas never end.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that they have to grease the bath tub to get her out!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that they use the elastic in her underwear for bungee jumping.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay for her because we dressed her up as a Toyota.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that we're in her right now!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when her beeper goes off, people think she's backing up.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she asked for a waterbed, they put a blanket over the ocean!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she bungee jumps she goes straight to hell!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she climbed onto a diving board at the beach, the lifeguard told your dad 'sorry, you can't park here'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she dances at a concert the whole band skips.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she gets on the scale it says 'We don't do livestock'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she gets on the scale it says 'to be continued'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she goes to a buffet, she gets the group rate.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she goes to a restaurant, she looks at the menu and says 'okay!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she goes to an all you can eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she goes to an amusement park, people try to ride HER!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she got her shoes shined, she had to take the guy's word for it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she got hit by a bus, she said, 'Who threw that rock at me?'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she lays on the beach, people run around yelling Free Willy.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she lies on the beach no one else gets any sun!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she plays hopscotch, she goes 'New York, L.A., Chicago...'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she ran away, they had to use all four sides of the milk carton to display her picture.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she runs the fifty-yard dash she needs an overnight bag.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she sat on Wal-Mart, she lowered the prices.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she sat on an iphone, it turned into an ipad.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she sings, it's over for everybody.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE HOUSE!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she steps on a scale, it reads 'one at a time, please'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she takes a shower, her feet don't get wet.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she talks to herself, it's a long distance call.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she tripped on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she turns around people throw her a welcome back party.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she visited Toronto's City Hall, she was arrested for attempting to smuggle 500 lbs of crack into Mayor Rob Ford's office.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she walked in front of the TV, I missed 3 seasons of Breaking Bad.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she wants to shake someones hand, she has to give directions!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she was diagnosed with a flesh-eating disease, the doctor gave her ten years to live.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she was growing up she didn't play with dolls, she played with midgets.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she wears a 'Malcolm X' T-shirt, helicopters try to land on her back!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she wears a yellow raincoat, people yell 'taxi!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she went to church and sat on a bible, Jesus came out and said 'LET MY PEOPLE GO!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she went to seaworld the whales started singing 'We Are Family'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when she's standing on the corner police drive by and yell, “Hey, break it up.”
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when we were playing Call of Duty, I got a 20 kill streak for killing her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that when you get on top of her your ears pop.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat that you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat when she goes skydiving she doesn't use a parachute to land, she uses a twin-engine plane!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat you have to roll over twice to get off her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so fat, Al Gore accuses her of global warning everytime she farts!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so flat that she makes the walls jealous!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so greasy that I buttered my popcorn with her leg hairs.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so greasy that Texaco buys Oil from her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so greasy that her freckles slipped off.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so greasy that if Crisco had a football team, she'd be the mascot.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so greasy that she squeezes Crisco from her hair to bake cookies.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so greasy that she sweats Crisco!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so greasy that she sweats butter and syrup and has a full time job at Denny's wiping pancakes across her forehead.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so greasy that she uses bacon as a band-aid!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so greasy that she's labeled as an ingredient in Crisco.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so greasy that you could fry a chicken dinner for 12 on her forehead.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so grouchy that the McDonald's she works in doesn't even serve Happy Meals.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that Bigfoot wants to take HER picture!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that Jane Goodall follows her around.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that her armpits look like she has Don King in a headlock.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that if she could fly she'd look like a magic carpet.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that if you shaved her legs, you could supply wigs for the entire Hair Club for Men.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that people run up to her and say 'Chewbacca, can I get your autograph?'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that she gets mistaken for Chewbacca's cousin.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that she got a trim and lost 20 pounds.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that she has afros on her nipples.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that she looks like Bigfoot in a tank top.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that she looks like a Chia pet with a sweater on.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that she looks like she has Buckwheat in a headlock.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that she shaves her legs with a weed wacker.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that the only language she can speak is wookie.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that they filmed 'Gorillas in the Mist' in her shower!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that two birds made nests in her armpits and she doesn't even know about it!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that when I took her to a pet store they locked her in a cage.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that when she's at a nude beach people think she's wearing a fur coat!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so hairy that you almost died of rug burn at birth!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so lazy that she came in last place in a recent snail marathon.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so lazy that she thinks a two-income family is where yo daddy has two jobs.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so lazy that she's got a remote control just to operate her remote!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so mean that she has no standard deviation.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that I chatted with her on MSN and she gave me a virus.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that I when I talked to her on the phone, she gave me an ear infection.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that a skunk smelled her ass and passed out.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that even dogs won't sniff her crotch.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that every time she opens her mouth she's talking shit.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that her crabs use her tampon string as a bungee cord.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that her shit is glad to escape.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that her tits leak sour milk.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that next to her a skunk smells sweet.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that she bit the dog and gave it rabies.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that she brings crabs to the beach.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that she calls Janet 'Miss Jackson.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that she has a sign by her crotch that says: 'Warning: May cause irritation, drowsiness, and a rash or breakouts.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that she has more crabs then Red Lobster.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that she has more rappers in her than an iPod.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that she has to use Right Guard and Left Guard.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that she made right guard turn left.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that she makes speed stick slow down.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that she only changes her drawers once every 10000 miles.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that she's got more clap than an auditorium.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that that pours salt water down her pants to keep her crabs fresh.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that the fishery pays her to stay away.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that the only dis I want to give her is a disinfectant.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so nasty that when you were being delivered, the doctor was wearing the oxygen mask.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old she remembers when the Mayans published their calendar.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that I told her to act her own age, and she died.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that her birth certificate is written in Roman numerals.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that her birth certificate says 'expired' on it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that her memory is in black and white.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that her social security number is 1.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she DJ'd at the Boston Tea Party.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she baby-sat for Jesus.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she called the cops when David and Goliath started to fight.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she co-wrote the Ten Commandments.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she drove a chariot to high school.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she has Adam & Eve's autographs.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she has an autographed bible.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she knew Captain Crunch while he was still a private.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she knew Mr. Clean when he had an afro.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she knew the Beetles when they were the New Kids on the Block.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she learned to write on cave walls.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she needed a walker when Jesus was still in diapers.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she owes Fred Flintstone a food stamp.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she owes Jesus a dollar.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she planted the first tree at Central Park.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she ran track with dinosaurs.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she sat next to Jesus in third grade.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she took her drivers test on a dinosaur.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she walked into an antique store and they kept her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that she's mentioned in the shout out at the end of the bible.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that that when she was in school there was no history class.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that the candles cost more than the birthday cake.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that when God said 'Let there be light' she was there to flick the switch.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that when Moses split the red sea, she was on the other side fishing.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that when she farts, dust comes out.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that when she was born, the Dead Sea was just getting sick.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so old that when she was young rainbows were black and white.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor Nigerian scammers wire HER money!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor she couldn't afford to apply for Medicare!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that I came over for dinner and she read me recipes.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that I saw her running after a garbage truck with a shopping list.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that I saw her wrestling a squirrel for a peanut.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that I stepped on her skateboard and she said 'Hey, get off the car!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that I threw a rock at a trash can and she popped out and said 'Who knocked?'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that I walked into her house and swatted a firefly and Yo momma said, 'Who turned off the lights?'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that I walked into her house, asked to use the bathroom, and she said '3rd bucket to your right.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that I went through her front door and ended up in the back yard.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that I went to her house and tore down some cob webs, and she said 'Who's tearing down the drapes?'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that after I pissed in your yard, she thanked me for watering the lawn.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that burglars break in and leave money.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that for halloween, her trick was the treat.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that her face is on the front of a food stamp.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that her front and back doors are on the same hinge.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that her idea of a fortune cookie is a tortilla with a food stamp in it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that her idea of a timeshare is a few days camped out under a bridge.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she can't afford to pay attention!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she can't even afford to go to the free clinic.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she can't even put her two cents in this conversation.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she got in an elevator and thought it was a mobile home.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she had to get a second mortgage on her cardboard box.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she has to take the trash IN.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she has to wear her McDonald's uniform to church.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she lives in a two story Dorrito bag with a dog named Chip.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she married young just to get the rice!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she was in K-Mart with a box of Hefty bags and when I asked her what she was doing she said, 'Buying luggage.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she washes paper plates.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she watches TV on an Etch-A-Sketch.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she waves around a popsicle stick and calls it air conditioning.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she went to McDonald's and put a milkshake on layaway.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that she's got more furniture on her porch than in her house.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that the bank repossessed her cardboard box.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that the closest thing to a car she has is a low-rider shopping cart with a box on it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that we were on a road trip and she stopped by a dumpster and got out. I said 'what are you doing' and she said I'm 'booking a hotel!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that when I asked what was for dinner, she pulled her shoelaces off and said 'Spaghetti.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that when I ring the doorbell I hear the toilet flush!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that when I ring the doorbell she says,'DING!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that when I saw her in the park digging up plants, she said she was 'getting groceries'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, and she said 'moving.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that when I saw her rolling some trash cans around in an alley, I asked her what she was doing, she said 'Remodeling.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that when I saw her walking down the street with one shoe and said 'Hey miss, lost a shoe?' she said 'Nope, just found one!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that when I walked inside her house and put out a cigarette, she said 'who turned off the heater?'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that when I went over to her house for dinner and grabbed a paper plate, she said 'Don't use the good china!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that when she goes to KFC, she has to lick other people's fingers!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that when she tells people her address, she says 'it's in the second alley from main street, beside the yellow dumpster.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that when yo family watches TV, they go to Sears.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that your TV got 2 channels: ON and OFF.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so poor that your family ate cereal with a fork to save milk.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that her homies are the Keebler Elves.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that she can do push-ups under the door.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that she can limbo under the door.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that she can play handball on the curb.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that she does backflips under the bed.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that she does pull-ups on a staple.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that she has to get a running start to get up on the toilet.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that she has to look up to look down.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that she has to use a ladder to pick up a dime.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that she makes Gary Coleman look like Shaquille O'Neal.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that she models for trophies.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that she slam-dunks her bus fare.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that she uses a condom for a sleeping bag.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that when I was dissin' her she tried to jump kick me in the ankle.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that when she sneezes, she hits her head on the floor.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short that you can see her feet on her drivers license!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so short, you can make a life size sculpture of her using one can of Play-Doh.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that I could blind-fold her with dental floss.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that her bra fits better when she wears it backwards.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that her nipples touch.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that her pants only have one belt loop.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that if she had a sesame seed on her head, she'd look like a push pin.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that if she had a yeast infection she'd be a Quarter Pounder with Cheese.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that if she had dreads I'd grab her by the ankles and use her to mop the floor.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that if she turned sideways and stuck out her tongue, she would look like a zipper.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that instead of calling her your parent, you call her transparent.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that she can dodge rain drops.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that she can see out a peephole with both eyes.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that she goes hot tubing with the Mini Wheats Man.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that she had to stand in the same place twice to cast a shadow.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that she has to run around in the shower to get wet.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that she has to wear a belt with spandex.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that she hula hoops with a Cheerio.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that she inspires crack whores to diet.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that she looks like a mic stand.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that she only has one stripe on her pajamas.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that she swallowed a meatball and thought she was pregnant.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that she turned sideways and disappeared.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that she uses Chapstick for deodorant.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that she uses a Band-Aid as a maxi-pad.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that when she takes a bath and lets the water out, her toes get caught in the drain.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that when she wore her yellow dress, she looked like an HB pencil.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so skinny that you can save her from drowning by tossing her a Fruit Loop.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so small that she goes paragliding on a Dorito.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so square that she's got imaginary numbers on her social security card.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that I saw her in the frozen food section with a fishing rod.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that I saw her jumping up and down, asked what she was doing, and she said she drank a bottle of medicine and forgot to shake it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that I saw her walking down the street yelling into an envelope, asked what she was doing, and she said sending a voice mail.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that I told her Christmas was just around the corner and she went looking for it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that I told her I was reading a book by Homer and she asked if I had anything written by Bart.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that at bottom of application where it says Sign Here - she put Scorpio.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that if she spoke her mind, she'd be speechless.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that if you gave her a penny for her thoughts, you'd get change.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that in the 'No Child Left Behind' act there's a provision that exempts yo momma.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that it takes her an hour to cook minute rice.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that it took her 2 hours to watch 60 Minutes!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that on her job application where it says emergency contact she put 911.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she asked for a price check at the dollar store.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she asked me what yield meant, I said 'Slow down' and she said 'What... does.... yield... mean?'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she asked you 'What is the number for 911?'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she bought a solar-powered flashlight!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she bought a video camera to record cable tv shows at home.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she brought a cup to the movie 'Juice.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she called the 7-11 to see when they closed.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she can't make Jello because she can't fit 2 quarts of water in the box.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she climbed over a glass wall to see what was behind it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she failed a survey.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she got fired from the M&M factory for throwing away all the W's.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she got hit by a parked car.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she got locked in a Furniture store and slept on the floor.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she got locked in a grocery store and starved!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she got locked out of a convertible car with the top down.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she got stabbed in a shoot out.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she leaves the house for the Home Shopping Network.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she locked her keys inside a motorcycle.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she needs twice as much sense to be a half-wit.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she once attempted to commit suicide by jumping off a curb.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she ordered a cheese burger from McDonald's and said 'Hold the cheese.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she ordered her sushi well done.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she peals M&M's to make chocolate chip cookies.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she picked up the phone and asked 'What button do I push?'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she put 2 quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to 50 cent.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she put a peephole in a glass door.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she put a phone up her ass and thought she was making a booty call.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she put a quarter in a parking meter and waited for a gumball to come out.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she put on a coat to chew Winterfresh gum.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she put on bug spray before going to the flea market.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she put on her glasses to watch 20/20.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she put two M&M's in her ears and thought she was listening to Eminem.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she puts lipstick on her head just to make-up her mind
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she ran outside with a purse because she heard there was change in the weather.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she said 'what's that letter after x' and I said Y she said 'Cause I wanna know'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she sat in a tree house because she wanted to be a branch manager.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she sent me a fax with a stamp on it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she shoved a AA battery up her butt and said 'I got the power!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she sits on the TV, and watches the couch!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she sold her car for gas money!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she sold the house to pay the mortgage.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she spent twenty minutes lookin' at an orange juice box because it said 'concentrate'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she stole free bread.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she stopped at a stop sign and waited for it to say go.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks Christmas Wrap is Snoop Dogg's holiday album.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks Fleetwood Mac is a new hamburger at McDonald's!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks Taco Bell is a Mexican Phone Company.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks Tiger Woods is a forest in India.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks Tiger Woods is a forest.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks a quarterback is a refund!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks a stereotype is the brand on her clock-radio.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks deadbeat is a type of music.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks fruit punch is a gay boxer.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks sexual battery is something in a dildo.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks socialism means partying!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought Delta Airlines was a sorority.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought Dunkin' Donuts was a basketball team!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought Grape Nuts was an STD.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought Mick Jagger was a breakfast sandwich!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought St. Ides was a Catholic church.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought Tupac Shakur was a Jewish holiday.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought a lawsuit was something you wear to court.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought brownie points were coupons for a bake sale.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought menopause was a button on the VCR.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought meow mix was a record for cats.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she threw a rock the ground and missed.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she told everyone that she was 'illegitimate' because she couldn't read.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she took a spoon to the superbowl.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she took a umbrella to see Purple Rain.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she took lessons for a player piano.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Dr. Pepper.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she tried to commit suicide by jumping out of the basement window.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she tried to drop acid but the car battery fell on her foot.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she tried to drown a fish.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she tries to email people by putting envelopes into her computer's disk drive.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she tries to insult you with yo momma jokes.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she tripped over a cordless phone!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she uses Old Spice for cooking.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she was born on Independence Day and can't remember her birthday.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she was on the corner with a sign that said 'Will eat for food.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she went to the store to buy a color TV and asked what colors they had.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she wiped her ass before she took a shit.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that she wouldn't know up from down if she had three guesses.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that the first time she used a vibrator, she cracked her two front teeth.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when I asked her about X-Men she said 'Sure, there's Bobby my first baby daddy, Roger the guy I see on Thursdays...'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when I asked her if she wanted to play one on one, she said 'Ok, but what's the teams?'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when I told her 'pi-r-squared' and she replied no, they are round.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when I was drowning and yelled for a life saver, she said 'Cherry or Grape?'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when asked on an application, 'Sex?', she marked, 'M, F, and wrote sometimes Wednesday too.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when her husband lost his marbles she ran to the store and bought him new ones.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when she asked me what kinda jeans I wore, I said Guess and she said 'Ummm... Levis?'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when she heard 90% of all crimes occur around the home, she moved.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when she heard her neighbour was spanking the monkey, she called the humane society.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when she locked her keys in the car, it took her all day to get Yo family out.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when she pulled into the drive-thru at McDonald's, she drove through the window.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line she put 'OK'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when she saw a 'Wrong Way' sign in her rearview mirror, she turned around.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when she saw the 'Under 17 not admitted' sign at a movie theatre, she went home and got 16 friends.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when she took an IQ test, the results came out negative.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when she took you to the airport and a sign said 'Airport Left,' she turned around and went home.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when she went for a blood test, she asked for time to study.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when she went to take the 44 bus, she took the 22 twice instead.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when she worked at McDonald's and someone ordered small fries, she said 'Hey Boss, all the small one's are gone.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when the computer said 'Press any key to continue', she couldn't find the 'Any' key.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when the judge said 'Order in the court,' she said 'I'll have a hamburger and a Coke.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when they said they were playing craps she went and got toilet paper.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran out the door with a spoon.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid that you have to dig for her IQ!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid, she went to the aquarium to buy a Blu-Ray.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so stupid, that she thought Moby Dick was a sexually transmitted disease.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so tall that if she did a back-flip she'd kick Jesus in the mouth.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so tall that she tripped in Michigan and bumped her head in Florida.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so tall that she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that I took her to a haunted house and she came out with a job application.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that I took her to the zoo, guy at the door said ''
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that I took her to the zoo, guy at the door said 'Thanks for bringing her back.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that Santa pays an elf to drop off her gifts at Christmas.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that a sculpture of her face is used when torturing prisoners at Guantanamo Bay.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that even Bill Clinton wouldn't sleep with her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that even Rice Krispies won't talk to her!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that government intelligence agencies have to pixelize her face when spying on her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that her birth certificate contained an apology letter from the condom factory.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that her face is blurred on her driver's license.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that her pillow cries at night.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that her shadow ran away from her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that if she was a scarecrow, the corn would run away.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that it looks like she's been bobbing for french fries.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that it looks like someone did the stanky leg dance on her face.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that just after she was born, her mother said 'What a treasure!' and her father said 'Yes, let's go bury it.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that neither Jacob nor Edward want her on their team.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that people at the circus pay money not to see her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that people go as her for Halloween.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that people hang her picture in their cars so their radios don't get stolen.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she can look up a camel's butt and scare the hump off of it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she climbed the ugly ladder and didn't miss a step.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she could be the poster child for birth control.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she could make a freight train take a dirt road.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she could scare the flies off a shit wagon.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she didn't get hit with the ugly stick, she got hit by the whole damn tree.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she gives Freddy Kreuger nightmares.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she has 7 years bad luck just trying to look at herself in the mirror.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she looks like she's been in a dryer filled with rocks.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she made Barack Obama lose hope!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she made an onion cry!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she makes blind children cry.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she practices birth control by leaving the lights on.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she put the Boogie Man out of business!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she scared the crap out of the toilet.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she scares the roaches away.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she threw a boomerang and it wouldn't even come back.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she tried to take a bath and the water jumped out!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she turned Medusa to stone!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she'd scare the monster out of Loch Ness.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that she's never seen herself 'cause the mirrors keep breaking.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that that when she sits in the sand on the beach, cats try to bury her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that that your father takes her to work with him so that he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that the FCC requires her face to be blurred when she's on TV, because of decency rules.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that the government moved Halloween to her birthday!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that the last time I saw something that looked like her, I pinned a tail on it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that they didn't give her a costume when she auditioned for Star Wars.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that we put her in the kennel when we go on vacation.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when I last saw a mouth like hers, it had a hook in it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she drove past area 51, she was thought to be extraterrestrial life. They took her away never to be seen again.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she goes to the therapist, he makes her lie on the couch face down.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she joined an ugly contest, they said 'Sorry, no professionals.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she looks in the mirror it says 'viewer discretion is advised.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she looks in the mirror, the reflection looks back and shakes its head.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she moved into the projects, all her neighbors chipped in for curtains.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she plays Mortal Kombat, Scorpion tells her to 'Stay Over There!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she uploaded a photo of herself to a computer, it was rejected by the anti-virus software.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she walked out of her house, the neighbours called animal control.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she walks down the street in September, people say 'Wow, is it Halloween already?'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she walks in the kitchen, the rats jump on the table and start screaming.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillance cameras.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she was born she was put in an incubator with tinted windows.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she was born, the doctor slapped her AND her parents!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she went to Taco Bell everyone ran for the border.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that when she went to a beautician it took 12 hours... to get a quote!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that you have to tie a steak around her neck so the dog will play with her!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly that... well... look at you!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is so ugly, that Pythagoras wouldn't touch her with a 3-4-5 triangle.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is such a ho, that she asked all the math majors to to figure out g(f(your mom)) just so they could 'f' her first.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma is twice the man you are.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma likes to applaud, 'cause she's got clap
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma smells so bad that the doctor diagnosed her with breath cancer.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma so Ugly, she got turned down for 'Girls Gone Wilding'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma so bad at sex, the only kind of head she gives is severed.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma so dumb, she lost a spelling bee to Hodor
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma so dumb, she thought Bran Stark was a type of muffin.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma so fat that she sweats more than a dog in a chinese restaurant.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma so fat, all she wants for Christmas is to see her feet.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma so fat, even Roose Bolton won't touch her
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma so fat, she Winter-fell and couldn't get up!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma so fat, that went she stepped in the water, Thailand had to declare another tsunami warning.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma so fat, they've been calling her 'the wall' for thousands of years!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma so old, the old gods pray to HER!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma so ugly, winter turned around and left!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma sucks so much dick her butt chin turned into a nut chin!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma was such an ugly baby that her parents had to feed her with a slingshot.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's a convenient proof that the universe is still expanding exponentially.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's aging with such grace and beauty that she could be featured on the cover of Elle magazine.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's arms are so short that she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's been on welfare so long that her picture is on food stamps.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's breath is so nasty that it chases away Miasma.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's breath is the secret ingredient in the Weasly's Butterscotch Barf-ies.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's breath smells so bad that when she yawns her teeth duck out of the way.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's breath smells so fresh that Wrigley's could make a chewing gum flavour based on it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's cosplay is so bad that she got beat by a Narutard in the masquerade!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's dumber than an augmented rat.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's face is so wrinkled, that she has to screw her hat on.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's feet are so big that her shoes need to have license plates on them!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got 1 leg longer than the other so they call her call her hip hop.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got 1 toe & 1 knee and they call her Tony.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got Play-Doh teeth.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got a 'wait' problem, she can't wait to eat.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got a 4 dollar weave and don't know when to leave.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got a leather wig with suede sideburns.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got a peanut butter wig with jelly sideburns.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got an eagle's nest wig.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got an eating disorder, she be eating dis order, dat order, she be eating all the damn orders!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got more crust than a bucket of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got more weave than a dog in traffic.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got no ears and was trying on sunglasses.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got one leg and people call her Ilene.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got so much dandruff, she needs to defrost it before she combs her hair.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got so much weave, AT&T uses her extensions as backup lines.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's got so much weave, when a fly goes by her hair swats at it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's gums are so black that she spits Yoo-hoo.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's hair is so nappy that she has to take Tylenol just to comb it.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's head is so small that she got her ear pierced and died.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's head is so small that she uses a tea-bag as a pillow.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's hips are so big that people set their drinks on them.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's house is so dirty that roaches ride around on dune buggies!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's house is so dirty that she has to wipe her feet before she goes outside.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like 7-Eleven - open all night, hot to go, and for 89 cents you can get a slurpy.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like McDonald's... Billions and Billions served.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like Wal-Mart... She's got different discounts everyday.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a 5 foot tall basketball hoop, it ain't that hard to score.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, there's no wrong way to eat her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a Snickers bar, packed with nuts.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a birthday cake, everybody gets a piece.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a bowling ball, she gets picked up, fingered, thrown down the gutter, and she still comes back for more.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a brick, dirty, flat on both sides, and always getting laid by Mexicans.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a bungee cord... 100 dollars for 30 seconds and if that rubber breaks, your ass is dead!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a converging lens - she's wider in the middle than she is on either end.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a dollar bill, she gets handled all across the country.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a nickel, she ain't worth a dime.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a parking garage, three bucks and you're in.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a pool table, she likes balls in her pocket.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a postage stamp, you lick her, stick her, then send her away.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a puppy... everybody wants to give her a hug.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a race car driver - she burns a lot of rubbers.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a railroad track, she gets laid all over the country.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a refrigerator, everyone puts their meat in her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a screen door, after a couple of bangs she loosens up.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a set of speakers - loud, ugly, lives in a box, and you can turn her up, down, on, and off.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a shotgun, one cock and she blows.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a squirrel, she's always got some nuts in her mouth.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a streetlamp, you can find her turned on at night on any street corner.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a telephone booth, open to the public, costs a quarter, and guys go in and out all day.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a tricycle, she's easy to ride.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a vacuum cleaner - a real good suck.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like a vacuum cleaner... she sucks, blows, and then gets laid in the closet.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like an elevator, guys go up and down on her all day.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like an iPod, fun to touch!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like cake mix, 15 servings per package!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like lettuce, 25 cents a head.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like mustard, she spreads easy.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like peanut butter: brown, creamy, and easy to spread.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like school at 3 o'clock... children keep coming out and nobody can remember all the fathers.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like the Bermuda Triangle, they both swallow a lot of seamen.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like the Panama Canal, vessels full of seamen pass through her everyday.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's like the Pillsbury dough boy - everybody pokes her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's lips are so big that Chapstick had to invent a spray.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's mouth is so big that she speaks in surround sound.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's muscle-to-fat ratio can only be explained in irrational complex numbers.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's nose hairs are so long that they make Bobobo jealous!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's nostrils are so huge she makes Patrick Ewing jealous.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's only got one finger and runs around stealing key rings.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so bald that I can tell fortunes on her head.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so bald that when she braids her hair, it looks like stitches.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so bald that when she goes to bed, her head slips off the pillow.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so bald that you could draw a line down the middle of her head and it would look like my ass.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so big that doctors use scuba divers as nanobots to clean her arteries.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so big that she has a gravitational pull equal to that of the sun.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so clean, she could bottle her bathwater and sell it at the grocery store alongside Evian, Dasani and FIJI.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so dirty, she fertilizes her lawn by rolling in it!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so dirty, she jumped in a river and created a mud slide!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so dirty, when a seed gets stuck in her ass crack it beings to grow!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so dirty, when the wind blows people yell 'Sand Storm!!!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so dumb she thought that she could talk to snakes if she put parsley on her tongue
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so dumb that a stupify spell actually made her smarter.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so dumb that she tried to rent a car from The Enterprise.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so dumb that she went to the dentist and asked for a bluetooth.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so dumb that when she found a vulcan, she tried to call Santa to take him back to the north pole.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so dumb that when she was handed the death note, she thought they were asking for her autograph.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so dumb, she failed out of Cromartie High School.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fashionable that Gucci, Prada and Fendi call her on a daily basis to get insight into upcoming fashion trends.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat even Grawp can't pick her up!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat she blew up the Death Star.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat she makes Riker's belly look 3 atoms thick.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat she makes a Snorlax look like a chihuahua!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat she wears her own inertia dampener.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that 'ACORN' registered her to vote eight times!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that China uses her to block the internet.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that Dexster Jettster mistook her for his wife.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that Gardulla the Hutt had a boost in self-esteem after seeing her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that IEEE is working on a wifi protocol so people can get the signals to reach users on opposite sides of her. It's called 802.11 Draft Fat Momma
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that NASA shot a rocket into her ass looking for water.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that Sarah Palin can see her from her house.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that Sarah Palin can't see Russia anymore!.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that Spock couldn't find a pressure point to perform the Vulcan Death Grip on her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that THX can't even surround her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that a $700 billion bailout would only keep her fed for a week.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that a Wingardium Leviosa spell couldn't lift her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that a recursive function computing her weight causes a stack overflow.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that even Mitt Romney couldn't afford to take her out to dinner!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that even her Quidditch robes have stretch marks.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that even the Death Star couldn't blow her up!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that even the Dementors can't suck her soul out in one sitting.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that her biography is called 'The Audacity of Hardee's'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that her lack of balance caused her to stumble into an Utapau sinkhole.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that if she confronted a boggart it would morph into a treadmill.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that if she was thrown into the second Death Star's reactor core, she could have blown up the entire Imperial fleet.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that if she were placed beside a changeling during regeneration, no one would know the difference.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that it takes two boggarts to shape-shift into her!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that it took the entire Dragon Ball Z crew 1 week just to lift her off the ground.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that only half her body was able to come out frozen from the carbon freezing chamber in Cloud City.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that scientists track her position by observing anomalies in Pluto's orbit.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she and the great wall of China are used as reference points when astronauts look back at the Earth.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she broke the HP limit!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she cant even fit in the expanding plug suit.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she caused Kamino to flood when her water broke.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she crushed Boga as soon as she mounted her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she doesn't get dreams, she gets movies!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she doesn't just have a low center of gravity, she has an elliptical orbit.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she doesn't need the internet - she's worldwide.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she expresses her weight in scientific notation.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she fell to the dark side and couldn't get back up.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she makes the USS Enterprise look like a micro machines racer.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she supported the bailout just because she wanted a 'barrel of pork'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she thought the opening line of Kirk's monologue was 'Spice, the final Frontier...'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she tried to eat someone dressed as a box of Pocky!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she tried to fly through a temporal anomaly but she didn't fit.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that she was mistaken for Mt. Fuji at the Sakura festival.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that the Dragon Ball Z crew uses her to make craters on set.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that the Kaminoans couldn't use her as a host for clones since they couldn't pierce her skin deep enough to draw blood.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that the Sorting Hat put her in all four houses!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that the housing bubble popped because she sat on it!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that the long double numeric variable type in C++ is insufficient to express her weight.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that the passengers of the Millennium Falcon mistook her for a small moon.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that the sorting hat couldn't decide where to put her - she couldn't fit in any of the houses!!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that when she asked me 'what's up?' I said 'your weight!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that when she beams to a ship, the ship beams inside of her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that when she goes on a scale, it reads 'lose some weight'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that when she goes on a scale, it shows her own phone number.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that when she got upgraded by the Cybermen, they turned her into an ice cream truck
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that when she sat down on a park bench, she caused the Naruto time skip.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that when she stepped on the scale, her weight was OVER 9000!!!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that when she tried to captain a galaxy class they had to separate the saucer so she could fit.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that when she walks into a room the replicators stop working.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat that when she walks, she changes the earth's rotation!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat the Sorting Hat assigned her to the House of Pancakes.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat the core of her wand has a creame filling.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat the odds against not finding her fat are approximately 3,720 to 1.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat they'd have to use transfiguration to sneak her through the hole in the Gryffindor Tower.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, Choji told her to lose weight.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, Data feels strong emotions of disgust and self-terminates.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, Naruto couldn't make enough clones to see all sides of her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, her Patronus is a Double-Whopper with Cheese.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, it doesn't matter that the Tardis is bigger on the inside. She can't get through the door.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, she ate the Death Eaters.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, she got stuck trying to enter the Nexus.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, she looked in the mirror of Erised and saw a ham!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, she makes Hagrid look like 'Mini-me'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, she makes Vash look anorexic!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, she managed to contain a warp core breach.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, she scared L into giving up all sweets.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, she tried to eat Cornelius Fudge.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, she used the invisibility cloak as a bib.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, she walked in front of the TV and I missed three seasons of Inuyasha!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, she's bigger than both the outside AND the inside of the Tardis
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, that in an attempt to beam her up, the ship ended up being pulled down to the surface.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, the Cyberman DOWNgraded her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, the Doctor caught her eating his psychic paper, thinking it was a burger.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, the Pirate Planet tried to take her over.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fat, when she fell over, she punched a hole in the fabric of space/time.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so fit that she could run a marathon, teach a Zumba class AND climb Mount Everest without stopping to catch her breath once.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so flatulent that she forced the Mustafarians to wear masks!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so generous that she sponsors children in Africa, Asia AND South America!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so greasy that her face could free the U.S. from its dependence on foreign oil.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so greasy, on hot days she cooks bacon strips on her ass cheeks!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so hairy Naruto thought she was a Summon.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so hairy and ugly that she got used as Ashitare's stunt double.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so hairy that she has to go to Furfest to meet a man.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so hairy that she's got sideburns on her tits.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so healthy that medical textbooks use her x-rays to demonstrate what perfect bone structure should look like.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so hunchbacked, she can stand on her feet and her head at the same time.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so hunchbacked, she has to look up to tie her shoes.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so hunchbacked, she has to wear goggles to wash dishes.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so hunchbacked, she hits her head on speed bumps.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so lazy, she's a 'part-time' lord
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so lonely that she buys hot dogs and nuts wishing she could have sex with them.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so masculine that Dumbledore would sleep with her!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so nasty that the order of the phoenix was 'stay away from that woman!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so nasty, every pair of her panties has the Dark Mark on them.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so nasty, the Forbidden Forrest was named after her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so old and fat they use her wrinkles as set terrain for Dragon Ball Z.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so old even Guinan refers to her as 'old bag'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so old she gave Nicholas Flamel his first kiss.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so old she makes Dumbledore look like a teenager.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so old that she goes on carbon dates.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so old, her boobs look like two upside down Sorting Hats!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so old, she used to babysit Dumbledore.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so old, when she breast feeds, people mistake her for a fog machine.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so pasty, she makes Ron Weasely look like George Hamilton.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so poor she can't even afford a Gringotts account.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so poor she had to go to the Weasley's for a loan.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so poor that Dobby gave her a sock to keep her foot warm.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so poor, that her doormat doesn't say 'welcome', it says 'welfare'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so popular that Facebook crashed on her birthday, because too many people posted wishes on her wall.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so promiscuous that electrons have a positive charge when they're around her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so round that she makes a Pokéball look flat!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so short that when she sat on the curb her feet didn't touch the ground.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so skanky that the reason you're called a Half-Blood Prince is because she has no idea who your father is!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so slow and dumb that she can be emulated on a 286.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so smart that an employee from Wikipedia calls her when they need to verify facts about 18th century political figures.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so smart, the hardest decision she's ever had to make was which college to accept a scholarship from - Harvard, Yale or Princeton!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so smelly, Bertie Bott made her his next jelly bean flavor.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stanky that not even dobby would accept one of her socks.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid she makes Tristan look like Einstein!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid she thinks Patronus is a kind of Tequlia.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid that her exchange particle is a 'moron'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid that she bought tickets to Xbox Live.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid that she got locked inside a motorcycle.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid that she thinks sub-prime is a way to cut steak.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid that she though Jar-Jar came with Pickles-Pickles.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid that she went to the dentist to get a bluetooth.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid that when Cassandra says 'Moisturize!', she begins to sweat.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid that when she broke her VCR, she bought a video tape on how to fix your VCR.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid that when the borg had to choose between assimilating her and a tree, they chose the tree.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid that whenever someone rings the doorbell, she checks the microwave.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid the Borg wouldn't assimilate her!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid, she drowned in a pensieve
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid, she thinks Sirius Black is a hip hop station on satellite radio.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so stupid, she thinks the G8 is a Value Meal at McDonald's.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so such a ho that she slept with me... therefore, I AM YOUR FATHER!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so tall, she can see her house from anywhere.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so tall, she did a push-up and burned her back on the sun.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so tall, she has to take out the driver's seat of her car and sit in the back to operate the vehicle.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so tall, she makes Shaquille O'Neal look like Gary Coleman.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so tall, she uses two 100-foot ladders as crutches.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly even Data would need special eye googles to look at her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly even a Ferengi would dress her in clothes.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly her Kazon hairdo is an improvement!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly she did the truly impossible: she made Captain James T Kirk's penis go limp.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly she scares the Dementors away.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly she turned the Basilisk to stone.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that Dalek's don't actually say 'Exterminate' when they see her, because they figure somebody else already got there first!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that Dr. Evazan looks like a male supermodel next to her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that Voldemort took one look at her and killed HIMSELF!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that Wuher said 'We don't serve your kind here'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that as a baby they had to use the Confundus Charm so the family would play with her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that even Voldemort won't say her name.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that she lost a beauty contest to Mountain Troll.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that she made Loz cry.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that she made Spike Spiegel choke on his cigarette
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that she made doctor McCoy say 'Damnit Jim, I'm a doctor, not a Zoologist!'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that she makes Orochimaru look beautiful.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that she makes Sailor Bubba feel dirty.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that she's like a Death Note. Get someone to look at her, and they'll die!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that she's probably a Shi'ido Clawdite that stays in her regular form all the time.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that the Dementor's Kiss was swapped out for a hearty handshake and a promise to give her a call sometime.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that the term 'bantha poodoo' wasn't used metaphorically with reference to her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that the whomping willow saw her and died.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that when Captain Jack Harkness saw her, he actually died.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that when Kakashi looked directly at her, he lost an eye.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that when Nozomu Itoshiki saw her, he didn't even bother with his 'ZETSUBOUSHITA!' speech - he skipped straight to hanging himself.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that when she asked Crabbe to take her to the Yule Ball, he decided to go with Goyle instead!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that when she looks into the Tardis, the Tardis doesn't look into her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that when she walked into Gringotts Wizarding Bank, they gave her a job application.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that when the Daleks Exterminate her, it's not for domination.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that when the bassalisk snuck up on her and saw her face, HE dropped dead.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly that you could put lipstick on a pig and it would look ten times better than her!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly, Jiraiya saw her and turned gay!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly, Saya thought she was a Chiropteran.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly, even Tamaki wouldn't hit on her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly, even a Dementor wouldn't kiss her!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly, everybody calls her 'She-Who-Must-Not-Be-Naked'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly, she can't even get tentacle raped.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly, she thought that Hogwarts were the growth on her thigh.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so ugly, she's the real reason Sasuke left the village.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's so weak-minded that I got her to lead me to Jabba without using a jedi mind trick!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's such a drunk, that her sonic screwdriver is made of vodka and orange juice.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's such a good cook that her vegetable lasagna could be served as the featured item at a Michelin Star restaurant!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's such a ho that 'who's your daddy?' is a multiple-choice question.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's such a ho that even the noble gases are attracted to her.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's such a ho that she lets ANYONE enter her 'chamber of secrets'.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's such a hoe that the nickname for her vagina (Bad Wolf) is scattered across time and space.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's such a noisy hoe, her nickname is the sonic screwdriver!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's such a tramp that she's given more rides than the Hogwarts Express!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's such a tramp that she's like a quidditch broomstick - everyone gets a ride.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's teeth are so rotten that when she smiles it looks like she has dice in her mouth.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's teeth are so yellow that she spits butter!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's teeth are so yellow that traffic slows down when she smiles!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's teeth are so yellow that when she smiles everyone sings 'We're Walking on Sunshine.'
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's teeth are so yellow, when she smiles it looks like a Kraft Singles pack.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's the only mute prostitute in Hogsmeade. They call her 'dumb-le-whore'!
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's the reason that Dumbledore turned gay.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma's twice the man you are.
whimsy	spicy	Yo momma... 'nuff said.
whimsy	spicy	You can't outrun Death forever, But you can make the bastard work for it. - Major Korgo Korgar, "Last of the Lancers", AFC 32
whimsy	spicy	You know an odd feeling? Sitting on the toilet eating a chocolate candy bar. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	You know the good part about all those executions in Texas? Fewer Texans. -- George Carlin
whimsy	spicy	You suck... yo momma does too, but she charges.
whimsy	spicy	You'll never be the man Yo momma was.
whimsy	spicy	[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Harold: Mr. Dalton Humphrey, you have 30 seconds to get Uncle Red to say this word- [giggles nervously, too embarrassed to say the word himself, but does point to it on the card] and go! Dalton Humphrey: [coughs and clears throat] Red: Sex?
whimsy	spicy	yo momma's breath is so stanky, she eats odour eaters.
whimsy	spicy	yo mommas like a hardware store. 25 cents a screw.
wisdom	sfw	"ANYTHING THAT MAKES IT HARDER TO PEE IS ANTISLACK." ~ Sternodox
wisdom	sfw	"Any time you can tape record a fart, you should.*" ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs in a new 1991(!) memo
wisdom	sfw	"Bob" smoked it, I bought it, that settles it!
wisdom	sfw	"Bob" smoked it. I bought it. That settles it!
wisdom	sfw	"But after I lick that toad day and night, it'll sure as hell look smooth to me." ~ Rev. Wilds ( Dobbstown initiation oath )
wisdom	sfw	"FREE THE DOBBSTOWN 2.71828!!!" ~ Batrix
wisdom	sfw	"From now on, as of this moment, you can do whatever you want." -- Rev. Willie at Slack Attack Devival, Dallas, Texas
wisdom	sfw	"From now on, as of this moment, you can do whatever you want." ~ Rev. Willie at Slack Attack Devival, Dallas
wisdom	sfw	"Give me Slack, or give me Apache helicopters, Sidewinder Missiles and nuclear warheads." ~ Rev. Ivan Stang getting all worked up on Hour of Slack radio broadcast
wisdom	sfw	"How'd it be if J.R. "Bob" Dobbs gave you a molten lead enema as 'part of the satire'?" ~ Rev. Dr. Onan Canobite to hostile debunker caller
wisdom	sfw	"I can handle it - I know when to quit. FASTER, NHEE GHEE, MORE REEFERS!!!" ~ Billy Samuels
wisdom	sfw	"I never leave until I bleed 'em out of house and Launch Pad." ~ Anonymous note (could be Cleve)
wisdom	sfw	"I think, therefore I'm going to have breakfast." ~ Charles Fort ("Bob's" third cousin)
wisdom	sfw	"I'm afraid I just got no use at all for any god that's little enough to fit inside of some old PILL." ~ Nenslo 1990
wisdom	sfw	"I'm going to ask you to exercise glands you never knew existed." ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
wisdom	sfw	"I'm not into SubGenius for the religious aspect so much. I see the Church more as... genetic stuntmen." ~ St. Joe Riley
wisdom	sfw	"Is," "is." "is" — the idiocy of the word haunts me. If it were abolished, human thought might begin to make sense. I don't know what anything "is"; I only know how it seems to me at this moment. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	"It's the bizarre idiots that act smart." ~ Rev. Capt. H. M. Smith
wisdom	sfw	"Learn to be a Connoisseur of the Obvious." ~ Clevecclesians 6:14
wisdom	sfw	"Mind" is a tool invented by the universe to see itself; but it can never see all of itself, for much the same reason that you can’t see your own back (without mirrors). ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	"Should" ain't "is". ~ "Bob" talking to his son Adam Kadmon after Adam's first date
wisdom	sfw	"So I says to him, I says: "Look. Either we all come from monkeys or we're supposed to be like this, and I don't like it either way." And he says, "Ich verstehe nicht." So I killed him. ~ Rev. Dr. Chris Gross
wisdom	sfw	"SubGenius is the link between revolution and evolution." ~ Batrix
wisdom	sfw	"The dicks you can't see are always longer." ~ Dobbs, 1957, in his cups in a bar after discovering his wife Connie had been having an affair.
wisdom	sfw	"The difference between Heaven and Hell is which end of the pitchfork you're on." ~ Rev. Sheldon DeWehr
wisdom	sfw	"The toad may stand in the rain day and night, but its skin will never be smooth." ~ Malay proverb
wisdom	sfw	"There'll be no smoking in the gas chamber." ~ Jimi Hendrix
wisdom	sfw	"They'll take away my 'Frappy when they pry it out of my cold dead fingers." ~ Rev. Ivan Stang
wisdom	sfw	"Too much" is always better than not enough.
wisdom	sfw	"WHO DIED AND MADE YOU GOD?" ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
wisdom	sfw	"What do you throw a Pink who's drowning in quicksand?" "His wife and child." ~ Boxholder
wisdom	sfw	"With great power there must also come—great hair and makeup!" -- Dolphin Blue
wisdom	sfw	"Without 'Frop I would go mad with ambition. I would beat my wife and kids. I believe in Salvation through 'Frop. If I 'Frop, it is so that others may live." ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
wisdom	sfw	(Always remembering, that our strength is continental, not provincial:) -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	(With pictures of confederate flag and US flag): My Pride Squirts White Stuff What Does Yours Do?
wisdom	sfw	* "But don't leave it by phone on a friend's answering machine, because you won't want your face near your mouthpiece again for the rest of the day."
wisdom	sfw	, , -. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	, ... -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	- , , . -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	-- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	...for though the flame of liberty may sometimes cease to shine, the coal can never expire. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	...taxes are not raised to carry on wars, but that wars are raised to carry on taxes -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	...the so much boasted constitution of England...is imperfect, subject to convulsions, and incapable of producing what it seems to promise... -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	A German is someone who cannot tell a lie without believing it himself. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	A Sunday school is a prison in which children do penance for the evil conscience of their parents. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	A bad man is the sort who weeps every time he speaks of a good woman. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	A body of men holding themselves accountable to nobody ought not to be trusted by anybody. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	A church is a place in which gentlemen who have never been to heaven brag about it to persons who will never get there. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	A civilization is destroyed only when its gods are destroyed. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	A commercial society whose members are essentially ascetic and indifferent in social ritual has to be provided with blueprints and specifications for evoking the right tone for every occasion. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	A commodity appears at first sight an extremely obvious, trivial thing. But its analysis brings out that it is a very strange thing, abounding in metaphysical subtleties and theological niceties. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	A confession has to be part of your new life. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	A distant enemy is always preferable to one at the gate. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	A free press can, of course, be good or bad, but, most certainly without freedom, the press will never be anything but bad. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	A golden rule: to leave an incomplete image of oneself. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	A good opinion of ourselves is exceedingly necessary in private life, but absolutely necessary in public life, and of the utmost importance in supporting national character. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	A good politician is quite as unthinkable as an honest burglar. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	A government or an administration, who means and acts honestly, has nothing to fear, and consequently has nothing to conceal; -- Thomas Paine, The Writings of -- Thomas Paine 1 1774-79
wisdom	sfw	A government which cannot preserve the peace is no government at all... -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	A hallucination is a fact, not an error; what is erroneous is a judgment based upon it. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	A happy life must be to a great extent a quiet life, for it is only in an atmosphere of quiet that true joy dare live. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	A hereditary monarch is as absurd a position as a hereditary doctor or mathematician. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	A judge is a law student who marks his own examination papers. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	A life without adventure is likely to be unsatisfying, but a life in which adventure is allowed to take whatever form it will is sure to be short. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	A long habit of not thinking a thing wrong, gives it a superficial appearance of being right, and raises at first a formidable outcry in defense of custom. But the tumult soon subsides. Time makes more converts than reason. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	A lost battle is a battle one thinks one has lost. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	A man always remembers his first love with special tenderness, but after that he begins to bunch them. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	A man may be a fool and not know it, but not if he is married. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	A man will be imprisoned in a room with a door that's unlocked and opens inwards; as long as it does not occur to him to pull rather than push. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	A man without ethics is a wild beast loosed upon this world. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	A man's thinking goes on within his consciousness in a seclusion in comparison with which any physical seclusion is an exhibition to public view. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	A man's work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	A marvel that has nothing to offer, democracy is at once a nation's paradise and its tomb. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	A monopoly on the means of communication may define a ruling elite more precisely than the celebrated Marxian formula of monopoly in the means of production. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	A multiplication of beliefs acts as a division of belief; and in proportion as anything is divided, it is weakened. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	A myth is an image in terms of which we try to make sense of the world. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	A national political campaign is better than the best circus ever heard of, with a mass baptism and a couple of hangings thrown in. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	A negative judgment gives you more satisfaction than praise, provided it smacks of jealousy. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	A new word is like a fresh seed sown on the ground of the discussion. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	A newspaper is a device for making the ignorant more ignorant and the crazy crazier. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	A pencil and rubber are of more use to thought than a battalion of assistants. To happiness the same applies as to truth: one does not have it, but is in it. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	A people represents not so much an aggregate of ideas and theories as of obsessions. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	A philosopher who is not taking part in discussions is like a boxer who never goes into the ring. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	A philosophical problem has the form: I don't know my way about. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	A picture is a fact. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	A point of view can be a dangerous luxury when substituted for insight and understanding. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	A politician is an animal which can sit on a fence and yet keep both ears to the ground. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	A process which led from the amoeba to man appeared to the philosophers to be obviously a progress though whether the amoeba would agree with this opinion is not known. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	A professor must have a theory as a dog must have fleas. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	A prohibitionist is the sort of man one couldn't care to drink with, even if he drank. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	A sense of duty is useful in work but offensive in personal relations. People wish to be liked, not to be endured with patient resignation. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	A serious and good philosophical work could be written consisting entirely of jokes. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	A society made up of individuals who were all capable of original thought would probably be unendurable. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	A specter is haunting Europe - the specter of communism. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	A sudden silence in the middle of a conversation suddenly brings us back to essentials: it reveals how dearly we must pay for the invention of speech. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	A thing moderately good is not so good as it ought to be. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	A true initiation never ends. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	A truer image of the world, I think, is obtained by picturing things as entering into the stream of time from an eternal world outside, than from a view which regards time as the devouring tyrant of all that is. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	A typewriter is a means of transcribing thought, not expressing it. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Act like a dumbshit and they'll treat you like an equal!
wisdom	sfw	Act like a dumbshit and they'll treat you like an equal.
wisdom	sfw	Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Acting is happy agony. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Admiration of the proletariat, like that of dams, power stations, and aeroplanes, is part of the ideology of the machine age. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Ads are the cave art of the twentieth century. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Adultery is the application of democracy to love. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Advertising is an environmental striptease for a world of abundance. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Advertising is the greatest art form of the 20th century. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Advice to intellectuals: let no-one represent you. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Advocates of capitalism are very apt to appeal to the sacred principles of liberty, which are embodied in one maxim: The fortunate must not be restrained in the exercise of tyranny over the unfortunate. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Affluence creates poverty. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	After all manner of professors have done their best for us, the place we are to get knowledge is in books. The true university of these days is a collection of books. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	After all, every murderer when he kills runs the risk of the most dreadful of deaths, whereas those who kill him risk nothing except promotion. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Against eternal injustice, man must assert justice, and to protest against the universe of grief, he must create happiness. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Against my will, in the course of my travels, the belief that everything worth knowing was known at Cambridge gradually wore off. In this respect my travels were very useful to me. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Ah! yes, I know: those who see me rarely trust my word: I must look too intelligent to keep it. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Ah, mon cher, for anyone who is alone, without God and without a master, the weight of days is dreadful. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Alimony - the ransom that the happy pay to the devil. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	All government, of course, is against liberty. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	All great deeds and all great thoughts have a ridiculous beginning. Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	All history has been a history of class struggles between dominated classes at various stages of social development. ~ Friedrich Engels
wisdom	sfw	All human actions are equivalent and all are on principle doomed to failure. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	All media are extensions of some human faculty - psychic or physical ~ Marhsall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	All media exist to invest our lives with artificial perceptions and arbitrary values. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	All men are frauds. The only difference between them is that some admit it. I myself deny it. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	All modern revolutions have ended in a reinforcement of the power of the State. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	All movements go too far. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	All national institutions of churches, whether Jewish, Christian or Turkish, appear to me no other than human inventions, set up to terrify and enslave mankind, and monopolize power and profit." -- Thomas Paine-The Age of Reason -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	All phenomena are real in some sense, unreal in some sense, meaningless in some sense, real and meaningless in some sense, unreal and meaningless in some sense, and real and unreal and meaningless in some sense. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	All satire is blind to the forces liberated by decay. Which is why total decay has absorbed the forces of satire. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	All that I know about my life, it seems, I have learned in books. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	All that I know most surely about morality and obligations I owe to football. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	All the tales of miracles, with which the Old and New Testament are filled, are fit only for impostors to preach and fools to believe. -- Thomas Paine, The Writing of -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	All their wishes centred in one, which was, that the country would turn out and help them to drive the enemy back. -- Thomas Paine, The Writings of -- Thomas Paine 1 1774-79
wisdom	sfw	All this is nothing better than the jargon of a conjuror, who picks up phrases he does not understand to confound the credulous people who come to have their fortune told. Priests and conjurors are of the same trade. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	All words, in every language, are metaphors. ~ Marhsall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Almost everything that distinguishes the modern world from earlier centuries is attributable to science, which achieved its most spectacular triumphs in the seventeenth century. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Always strive to excel, but only on weekends. ~ Richard Rorty
wisdom	sfw	Ambition is a drug that makes its addicts potential madmen. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	American youth attributes much more importance to arriving at driver's license age than at voting age. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Americans may have no identity, but they do have wonderful teeth. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	An Enlightened Master is ideal only if your goal is to become a Benighted Slave. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	An administrator in a bureaucratic world is a man who can feel big by merging his non-entity in an abstraction. A real person in touch with real things inspires terror in him. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	An army of principles can penetrate where an army of soldiers cannot. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense, The Rights of Man and Other Essential Writings
wisdom	sfw	An army of principles will penetrate where an army of soldiers cannot. Neither the Channel nor the Rhine will arrest its progress. It will march on the horizon of the world and it will conquer. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	An emancipated society, on the other hand, would not be a unitary state, but the realization of universality in the reconciliation of differences. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	An idealist is one who, on noticing that roses smell better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	An inner process stands in need of outward criteria. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	And a government which cannot preserve the peace is no government at all, and in that case we pay our money for nothing; -- Thomas Paine, The Works of -- Thomas Paine: Common Sense, The American Crisis, Rights Of Man, The Age Of Reason
wisdom	sfw	And although our bodies are bounded with skin, and we can differentiate between outside and inside, they cannot exist except in a certain kind of natural environment. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	And as a man, who is attached to a prostitute, is unfitted to choose or judge of a wife, so any prepossession in favour of a rotten constitution of government will disable us from discerning a good one. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	And the attitude of faith is the very opposite of clinging to belief, of holding on. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	Animals outline their territories with their excretions, humans outline their territories by ink excretions on paper. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Anti-Semitism is the rumour about the Jews. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Antipathy, dissimilarity of views, hate, contempt, can accompany true love. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Anxiety is the dizziness of freedom. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Any system of religion that has anything in it that shocks the mind of a child,cannot be true. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Any time you can tape record a fart, you should.* (1991(!) memo) (ibid) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
wisdom	sfw	Anyone can escape into sleep, we are all geniuses when we dream, the butcher's the poet's equal there. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Anyone who speaks in the name of others is always an imposter. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Anyone who tries to make a distinction between education and entertainment doesn't know the first thing about either. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Anything you're good at contributes to happiness. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Appetite is essentially insatiable, and where it operates as a criterion of both action and enjoyment (that is, everywhere in the Western world since the sixteenth century) it will infallibly discover congenial agencies (mechanical and political) of expression. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Archbishop - A Christian ecclesiastic of a rank superior to that attained by Christ. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Arguing with one who will not accept facts is like administering medicine to the dead. -- Thomas Paine, Writings of -- Thomas Paine - Volume 1 (1774-1779): The American Crisis
wisdom	sfw	Aristotle could have avoided the mistake of thinking that women have fewer teeth than men, by the simple device of asking Mrs. Aristotle to keep her mouth open while he counted. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men; although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives' mouths. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Arms discourage and keep the invader and plunderer in awe, and preserve order in the world as well as property... Horrid mischief would ensue were the law-abiding deprived of the use of them. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Art at its most significant is a Distant Early Warning System that can always be relied on to tell the old culture what is beginning to happen to it. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Art is always and everywhere the secret confession, and at the same time the immortal movement of its time. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Art is anything you can get away with. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Art is magic delivered from the lie of being truth. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Art is permitted to survive only if it renounces the right to be different, and integrates itself into the omnipotent realm of the profane. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	As a remedy to life in society I would suggest the big city. Nowadays, it is the only desert within our means. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	As far as men go, it is not what they are that interests me, but what they can become. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	As he knows, "Bob" is merely an enema for a constipated society. ~ Mark Mothersbaugh at Subcon 1981 or 1982, 7:09
wisdom	sfw	As mystery and miracles took charge of the past and present, prophesy took charge of the future and rounded the tenses of faith. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	As parents, we can have no joy, knowing that this government is not sufficiently lasting to ensure any thing which we may bequeath to posterity: And by a plain method of argument, as we are running the next generation into debt, -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	As politicians we ought not so much to ground our hopes on the reasonableness of the thing we ask, as on the reasonableness of the person whom we ask it: who would expect discretion from a fool, candor from a tyrant, or justice from a villain? -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	As soon as there is language, generality has entered the scene. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	As technology advances, it reverses the characteristics of every situation again and again. The age of automation is going to be the age of 'do it yourself.' ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	As the arteries grow hard, the heart grows soft. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	As the ego cogito, subjectivity is the consciousness that represents something, relates this representation back to itself, and so gathers with itself. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	As the unity of the modern world becomes increasingly a technological rather than a social affair, the techniques of the arts provide the most valuable means of insight into the real direction of our own collective purposes. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	As to religion, I hold it to be the indispensible duty of all government, to protect all conscientious professors thereof, and I know of no other business which government hath to do therewith. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	At 30 a man should know himself like the palm of his hand, know the exact number of his defects and qualities, know how far he can go, foretell his failures - be what he is. And, above all, accept these things. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	At any street corner the feeling of absurdity can strike any man in the face. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	At male strip shows, it is still the women that we watch, the audience of women and their eager faces. They are more obscene than if they were dancing naked themselves. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	At the bottom of enmity between strangers lies indifference. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	At the highest stage of capitalism, the most necessary revolution appears as the most unlikely one. ~ Herbert Marcuse
wisdom	sfw	Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Awareness of universals is called conceiving, and a universal of which we are aware is called a concept. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Bachelors know more about women than married men; if they didn't they'd be married too. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Basically, at the very bottom of life, which seduces us all, there is only absurdity, and more absurdity. And maybe that's what gives us our joy for living, because the only thing that can defeat absurdity is lucidity. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Be that self which one truly is. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Because thought has by now been perverted into the solving of assigned problems, even what is not assigned is processed like a problem. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Before a man speaks it is always safe to assume that he is a fool. After he speaks, it is seldom necessary to assume it. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Being and time determine each other reciprocally, but in such a manner that neither can the former - Being - be addressed as something temporal nor can the latter - time - be addressed as a being. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Being is. Being is in-itself. Being is what it is. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Being-alone is a deficient mode of being-with; its possibility is a proof for the latter. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Belief is the death of intelligence. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Better fare hard with good men than feast it with bad. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Better to have beasts that let themselves be killed than men who run away. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Beyond a certain point, the whole universe becomes a continuous process of initiation. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Bleeding Head Good, Healed Head Bad!
wisdom	sfw	Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Boredom is the root of all evil - the despairing refusal to be oneself. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Boredom is... a vital problem for the moralist, since half the sins of mankind are caused by the fear of it. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Both in thought and in feeling, even though time be real, to realise the unimportance of time is the gate of wisdom. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Buddhism has in it no idea of there being a moral law laid down by somekind of cosmic lawgiver. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	But I'll tell you what hermits realize. If you go off into a far, far forest and get very quiet, you'll come to understand that you're connected with everything. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	But every historical statement and legitimization itself moves within a certain relation to history. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	But he who dies in despair has lived his whole life in vain. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	But it is necessary to the happiness of man, that he be mentally faithful to himself. Infidelity does not consist in believing, or in disbelieving; it consists in professing to believe what he does not believe. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	But it is not incumbent on man to reward a bad action with a good one, or to return good for evil; and whenever it is done, it is a voluntary act, and not a duty. It -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	But such is the irresistible nature of truth, that all it asks, and all it wants, is the liberty of appearing. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	But the attitude of faith is to let go, and become open to truth, whatever it might turn out to be. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	But the fraud being once established, could not afterward be explained, for it is with a pious fraud as with a bad action, it begets a calamitous necessity of going on. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	But to me nothing - the negative, the empty - is exceedingly powerful. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	But we try to pretend, you see, that the external world exists altogether independently of us. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	But what is happiness except the simple harmony between a man and the life he leads? ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	But where, says some, is the King of America? I'll tell you. Friend, he reigns above, and doth not make havoc of mankind like the Royal Brute of Britain. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	But, as, when any of the prouder passions are hurt, it is much better philosophy to let a man slip into a good temper than to attack him in a bad one -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	By all evidence we are in the world to do nothing. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	By definition, a government has no conscience. Sometimes it has a policy, but nothing more. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Canada is the only country in the world that knows how to live without an identity. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Capital is dead labor, which, vampire-like, lives only by sucking living labor, and lives the more, the more labor it sucks. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Capital is money, capital is commodities. By virtue of it being value, it has acquired the occult ability to add value to itself. It brings forth living offspring, or, at the least, lays golden eggs. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Capital is reckless of the health or length of life of the laborer, unless under compulsion from society. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Capitalist production, therefore, develops technology, and the combining together of various processes into a social whole, only by sapping the original sources of all wealth - the soil and the labourer. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Certain readers resented me when they could no longer recognize their territory, their institution. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	Certitude belongs exclusively to those who only own one encyclopedia. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Chaos is rejecting all you have learned, chaos is being yourself. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Character is much easier kept than recovered, and that man, if any such there be, who, from sinister views, or littleness of soul, lends unseen his hand to injure it, contrives a wound it will never be in his power to heal. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	Character is much easier kept than recovered. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Charm is a way of getting the answer 'Yes' without asking a clear question. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Christian theory is little else than the idolatry of ancient mythologists, accomodated to the purposes of power and revenue; and yet it remains to reason and philosophy to abolish the amphibious fraud. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Civilization, therefore, or that which is so-called, has operated two ways: to make one part of society more affluent, and the other more wretched,than would have been the lot of either in a natural state. -- Thomas Paine, Agrarian Justice
wisdom	sfw	Collective fear stimulates herd instinct, and tends to produce ferocity toward those who are not regarded as members of the herd. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Commitment is an act, not a word. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Common sense will tell us, that the power which hath endeavoured to subdue us, is of all others, the most improper to defend us. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Communism, like any other revealed religion, is largely made up of prophecies. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Concepts, like individuals, have their histories and are just as incapable of withstanding the ravages of time as are individuals. But in and through all this they retain a kind of homesickness for the scenes of their childhood. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Confusion of sign and object is original sin coeval with the word. ~ Willard Van Orman Quine
wisdom	sfw	Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Conscience is the inner voice that warns us that someone might be looking. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Conscious of not being able to separate myself from my time, I have decided to become part of it. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Consciousness is much more than the thorn, it is the dagger in the flesh. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Consciousness itself is an infinite regress. This explains coincidences. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Conspiracy is just another name for coalition. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Contempt for happiness is usually contempt for other people's happiness, and is an elegant disguise for hatred of the human race. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Conventional people are roused to fury by departure from convention, largely because they regard such departure as a criticism of themselves. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Could the straggling thoughts of individuals be collected, they would frequently form materials for wise and able men to improve into useful matter. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Cowardice and courage are never without a measure of affectation. Nor is love. Feelings are never true. They play with their mirrors. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	Creation speaketh an universal language, independently of human speech or human language, -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Credulity is not a crime, but it becomes criminal by resisting conviction. It is strangling in the womb of the conscience the efforts it makes to ascertain the truth. We should never force belief upon ourselves in anything. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Crime in full glory consolidates authority by the sacred fear it inspires. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Criticism is a misconception: we must read not to understand others but to understand ourselves. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Criticism is prejudice made plausible. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Culture: the cry of men in face of their destiny. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Cynics regarded everybody as equally corrupt... Idealists regarded everybody as equally corrupt, except themselves. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Darkness is to space what silence is to sound, i.e., the interval. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Death is not an event in life: we do not live to experience death. If we take eternity to mean not infinite temporal duration but timelessness, then eternal life belongs to those who live in the present. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Deep down, no one really believes they have a right to live. But this death sentence generally stays tucked away, hidden beneath the difficulty of living. If that difficulty is removed from time to time, death is suddenly there, unintelligibly. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	Deep down, the US, with its space, its technological refinement, its bluff good conscience, even in those spaces which it opens up for simulation, is the only remaining primitive society. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	Democracy is a pathetic belief in the collective wisdom of individual ignorance. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Democracy is also a form of worship. It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Democracy is only a dream: it should be put in the same category as Arcadia, Santa Claus, and Heaven. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Democracy is the process by which people choose the man who'll get the blame. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Democracy is the road to socialism. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Dialectic thought is an attempt to break through the coercion of logic by its own means. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Diaper backward spells repaid. Think about it. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Do What Keepeth Thou from Wilting Shall Be the Loophole of The Law.
wisdom	sfw	Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Dogmatism and skepticism are both, in a sense, absolute philosophies; one is certain of knowing, the other of not knowing. What philosophy should dissipate is certainty, whether of knowledge or ignorance. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Domination delegates the physical violence on which it rests to the dominated. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Don't believe your friends when they ask you to be honest with them. All they really want is to be maintained in the good opinion they have of themselves. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Don't forget to love yourself. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Don't forgive them, for they know exactly what they do.
wisdom	sfw	Don't get involved in partial problems, but always take flight to where there is a free view over the whole single great problem, even if this view is still not a clear one. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Don't just eat a hamburger, eat the HELL outta it!
wisdom	sfw	Don't just eat that hamburger, eat the HELL out of it!
wisdom	sfw	Don't overestimate the decency of the human race. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Don't wait for the last judgment - it takes place every day. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Don't walk behind me; I may not lead. Don't walk in front of me; I may not follow. Just walk beside me and be my friend. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Driving is a spectacular form of amnesia. Everything is to be discovered, everything to be obliterated. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	Drunkenness is temporary suicide. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Dukhoborcheskaya -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	During the first period of a man's life the greatest danger is not to take the risk. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Each concession we make is accompanied by an inner diminution of which we are not immediately conscious. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Each generation doubtless feels called upon to reform the world. Mine knows that it will not reform it, but its task is perhaps even greater. It consists in preventing the world from destroying itself. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Each mans spills the drink he loves. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Each party steals so many articles of faith from the other, and the candidates spend so much time making each other's speeches, that by the time election day is past there is nothing much to do save turn the sitting rascals out and let a new gang in. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Ego is a social fiction for which one person at a time gets all the blame. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Ennui is the echo in us of time tearing itself apart. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Estrangement shows itself precisely in the elimination of distance between people. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Eternal Salvation — Or TRIPLE your money back!
wisdom	sfw	Eternal Salvation — Or TRIPLE your money back! ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
wisdom	sfw	Eternal salvation or triple your money back!
wisdom	sfw	Ethics is in origin the art of recommending to others the sacrifices required for cooperation with oneself. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Europe, and not England, is the parent country of America. This new World hath been the asylum for the persecuted lovers of civil and religious liberty from every part of Europe. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Every act of rebellion expresses a nostalgia for innocence and an appeal to the essence of being. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Every age and generation must be as free to act for itself in all cases as the age and generations which preceded it. The vanity and presumption of governing beyond the grave is the most ridiculous and insolent of all tyrannies. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Every age has its own poetry; in every age the circumstances of history choose a nation, a race, a class to take up the torch by creating situations that can be expressed or transcended only through poetry. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Every artist preserves deep within him a single source from which, throughout his lifetime, he draws what he is, and what he says. When the source dries up, the work withers and crumbles. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Every child born in the world must be considered as deriving its existence from God. The world is this new to him as it was to the first that existed, and his natural right in it is of the same kind. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Every child born into the world must be considered as deriving its existence from God. The world is as new to him as it was to the first man that existed, and his natural right in it is of the same kind. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Every decent man is ashamed of the government he lives under. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Every discourse, even a poetic or oracular sentence, carries with it a system of rules for producing analogous things and thus an outline of methodology. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	Every election is a sort of advance auction sale of stolen goods. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Every existing thing is born without reason, prolongs itself out of weakness, and dies by chance. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Every great work makes the human face more admirable and richer, and that is its whole secret. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Every man is born as many men and dies as a single one. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Every man is his own hell. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Every man needs slaves like he needs clean air. To rule is to breathe, is it not? And even the most disenfranchised get to breathe. The lowest on the social scale have their spouses or their children. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Every man sees in his relatives, and especially in his cousins, a series of grotesque caricatures of himself. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Every man who knows anything of languages, knows that it is impossible to translate from one language into another, not only without losing a great part of the original, but frequently of mistaking the sense. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Every man, and for stronger reasons, every artist, wants to be recognized. So do I. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Every normal man must be tempted, at times, to spit on his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Every philosophical problem, when it is subjected to the necessary analysis and justification, is found either to be not really philosophical at all, or else to be, in the sense in which we are using the word, logical. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Every revolutionary ends up either by becoming an oppressor or a heretic. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Every thought derives from a thwarted sensation. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Every time somebody speaks of my honesty, there is someone who quivers inside me. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Every war results from the struggle for markets and spheres of influence, and every war is sold to the public by professional liars and totally sincere religious maniacs, as a Holy Crusade to save God and Goodness from Satan and Evil. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Every work of art is an uncommitted crime. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Everybody experiences far more than he understands. Yet it is experience, rather than understanding, that influences behavior. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Everybody who has ever worked for a corporation knows that corporations conspire all the time. Politicians conspire all the time, pot-dealers conspire not to get caught by the narcs, the world is full of conspiracies. Conspiracy is natural primate behavior. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Everyone has a belief system, B.S., the trick is to learn not to take anyone's B.S. too seriously, especially your own. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Everyone here is stupid.
wisdom	sfw	Everyone look around and see if you can spot the NARCS. They're the ones who look like hippies. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Everything has been figured out, except how to live. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Everything is arranged so that it be this way, this is what is called culture. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	Everything is pathology, except for indifference. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Everything must justify its existence before the judgment seat of Reason, or give up existence. ~ Friedrich Engels
wisdom	sfw	Everything that has ever been called folk art has always reflected domination. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Everything that is right or reasonable pleads for separation. The blood of the slain, the weeping voice of nature cries, 'tis time to part. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense and Other Writings
wisdom	sfw	Evil is the product of the ability of humans to make abstract that which is concrete. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Existence is larger than any model that is not itself the exact size of existence (which has no size...) ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Existence precedes and rules essence. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Experience praises the most happy the one who made the most people happy. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Extreme hopes are born from extreme misery. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Exuberant health is always, as such, sickness also. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Face the facts of being what you are, for that is what changes what you are. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Faith is a state of openness or trust. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	Faith is the highest passion in a human being. Many in every generation may not come that far, but none comes further. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Faith may be defined briefly as an illogical belief in the occurrence of the improbable. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Fakat mutluluk iin insann zihinsel olarak kendine sadakat gstermesi gereklidir. manszlk sadece inan veya inanszlktan ibaret deildir; inanmad eye inanm gibi grnmeyi de kapsar. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Far from idleness being the root of all evil, it is rather the only true good. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Far more thought and care go into the composition of any prominent ad in a newspaper or magazine than go into the writing of their features and editorials. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Fascism is itself less 'ideological', in so far as it openly proclaims the principle of domination that is elsewhere concealed. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Fascism is not defined by the number of its victims, but by the way it kills them. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Fear is the main source of superstition, and one of the main sources of cruelty. To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Fear? If I have gained anything by damning myself, it is that I no longer have anything to fear. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	For a man who no longer has a homeland, writing becomes a place to live. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	For a truly religious man nothing is tragic. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	For an occurrence to become an adventure, it is necessary and sufficient for one to recount it. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	For as in absolute governments the King is law, so in free countries the law ought to be King; and there ought to be no other. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	For centuries the death penalty, often accompanied by barbarous refinements, has been trying to hold crime in check; yet crime persists. Why? Because the instincts that are warring in man are not, as the law claims, constant forces in a state of equilibrium. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	For centuries, theologians have been explaining the unknowable in terms of the-not-worth-knowing. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	For if there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur of this life. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	For it is mutual trust, even more than mutual interest that holds human associations together. Our friends seldom profit us but they make us feel safe. Marriage is a scheme to accomplish exactly that same end. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	For myself, I fully and conscientiously believe, that it is the will of the Almighty, that there should be diversity of religious opinions among us: It affords a larger field for our Christian kindness. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	For the bureaucrat, the world is a mere object to be manipulated by him. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	For though the flame of liberty may sometimes cease to shine, the coal can never expire. -- Thomas Paine the 5th, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	For trade being the consequence of population, men become too much absorbed thereby to attend to anything else. Commerce diminishes the spirit, both of patriotism and military defence. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	For tribal man space was the uncontrollable mystery. For technological man it is time that occupies the same role. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	For what is the amount of all his prayers, but an attempt to make the Almighty change his mind, and act otherwise than he does? It is as if he were to say thou knowest not so well as I. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	For you who no longer posses it, freedom is everything, for us who do, it is merely an illusion. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Free election of masters does not abolish the masters or the slaves. ~ Herbert Marcuse
wisdom	sfw	Freedom comes only to those who no longer ask of life that it shall yield them any of those personal goods that are subject to the mutations of time. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Freedom had been hunted round the globe; reason was considered as rebellion; and the slavery of fear had made men afraid to think. But such is the irresistible nature of truth, that all it asks, and all it wants, is the liberty of appearing. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Freedom in general may be defined as the absence of obstacles to the realization of desires. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Freedom is the recognition of necessity. ~ Friedrich Engels
wisdom	sfw	Freedom is what you do with what's been done to you. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Freedom of opinion can only exist when the government thinks itself secure. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Freedom would be not to choose between black and white but to abjure such prescribed choices. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Friendship often ends in love, but love in friendship - never. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	From each according to his abilities, to each according to his needs. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	From the errors of other nations, let us learn wisdom, -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	From the first day to this, sheer greed was the driving spirit of civilization. ~ Friedrich Engels
wisdom	sfw	Generosity is nothing else than a craze to possess. All which I abandon, all which I give, I enjoy in a higher manner through the fact that I give it away. To give is to enjoy possessively the object which one gives. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Gerek din bilimsel bilgimizin kaynadr; bu bilgiden de tm sanatlar tremitir. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Give me (Slack, food, money, a job, etc.), or KILL ME!
wisdom	sfw	Give me Slack, OR KILL ME!
wisdom	sfw	Give me liberty, or give me death. Thomas Payne, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Giving every man a vote has no more made men wise and free than Christianity has made them good. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Glory - once achieved, what is it worth? ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	God - a disease we imagine we are cured of because no one dies of it nowadays. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	God creates out of nothing. Wonderful you say. Yes, to be sure, but he does what is still more wonderful: he makes saints out of sinners. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	God is a comedian, playing to an audience too afraid to laugh. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	God is absence. God is the solitude of man. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Gooble gobble, gooble gobble, we accept you, one of us. -- Freaks (film, 1932)
wisdom	sfw	Good taste is the first refuge of the non-creative. It is the last-ditch stand of the artist. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Good tests kill flawed theories; we remain alive to guess again. ~ Karl Popper
wisdom	sfw	Governing today means giving acceptable signs of credibility. It is like advertising and it is the same effect that is achieved - commitment to a scenario. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	Government by Monks, who knew nothing of the world beyond the walls of a Convent, is as consistent as government by Kings. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Government, even in its best state, is but a necessary evil; in its worst state, an intolerable one. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Government, like dress, is the badge of lost innocence; the palaces of kings are built on the ruins of the bowers of paradise. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Governments, so far from being always the cause or means of order, are often the destruction of it. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Great art speaks a language which every intelligent person can understand. The people who call themselves modernists today speak a different language. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Great persecutors are recruited among martyrs whose heads haven't been cut off. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Greek philosophy seems to have met with something with which a good tragedy is not supposed to meet, namely, a dull ending. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Groups are grammatical fictions; only individuals exist, and each individual is different. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Happiness is obsolete: uneconomic. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Have you ever watched a crab on the shore crawling backward in search of the Atlantic Ocean, and missing? That's the way the mind of man operates. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	He next made arrangements to patent his bridge, and to construct at Rotherham the large model of it exhibited on Paddington Green, London. -- Thomas Paine, The Writings of -- Thomas Paine - Volume 2 (1779-1792): the Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	He that is the author of war lets loose the whole contagion of hell and opens a vein that bleeds a nation to death. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach to himself. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	He who dares not offend cannot be honest. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	He who denies to another this right, makes a slave of himself to his present opinion, because he precludes himself the right of changing it. The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is Reason. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	He who despairs of the human condition is a coward, but he who has hope for it is a fool. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	He who has laughter on his side has no need of proof. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	He who has loved and who betrays love does harm not only to the image of the past, but to the past itself. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	He who integrates is lost. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	He who matures early lives in anticipation. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	He who stands aloof runs the risk of believing himself better than others and misusing his critique of society as an ideology for his private interest. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Hell is other people. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Her trl yanla kar en amansz silah Akl'dr. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Here then is the origin and rise of government; namely, a mode rendered necessary by the inability of moral virtue to govern the world; here too is the design and end of government, viz. freedom and security. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Heroism is accessible. Happiness is more difficult. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Hij die zijn eigen vrijheid veilig wil stellen, moet zelfs zijn vijand tegen onderdrukking beschermen, want als hij die plicht schendt, schept hij een precedent dat op hemzelf terug zal slaan. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Historian: an unsuccessful novelist. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Historians and archaeologists will one day discover that the ads of our time are the richest and most faithful reflections that any society ever made of its entire range of activities. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	History does not merely touch on language, but takes place in it. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	History does nothing; it does not possess immense riches, it does not fight battles. It is men, real, living, who do all this. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	History, sociology, economics, psychology et al. confirmed Joyce's view of Everyman as victim. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Honor is simply the morality of superior men. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Horror is beyond the reach of psychology. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Horror is the natural reaction to the last 5,000 years of history. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	How absurd men are! They never use the liberties they have, they demand those they do not have. They have freedom of thought, they demand freedom of speech. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	How can sincerity be a condition of friendship? A taste for truth at any cost is a passion which spares nothing. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	How hard, how bitter it is to become a man! ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	How impious is the title of sacred majesty applied to a worm, who in the midst of his splendor is crumbling into dust! -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	However much I have frequented the mystics, deep down I have always sided with the Devil; unable to equal him in power, I have tried to be worthy of him, at least, in insolence, acrimony, arbitrariness and caprice. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Hristiyan inancnn destekileri ya da taraftarlar inanmasa ya da kabul etmese de cehalet dnemi Hristiyanlk sistemiyle balamtr -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Hristiyan kilisesi ad verilen kuramn pagan mitolojisinin kuyruuna taklp yeerdiini gzlemlemek ilgi ekicidir. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Humans live through their myths and only endure their realities. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Humor is not a mood but a way of looking at the world. So if it is correct to say that humor was stamped out in Nazi Germany, that does not mean that people were not in good spirits, or anything of that sort, but something much deeper and more important. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Husbands never become good; they merely become proficient. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	I always lie . . . and I'm always right.
wisdom	sfw	I always lie, and I'm always right!
wisdom	sfw	I am no longer sure of anything. If I satiate my desires, I sin but I deliver myself from them; if I refuse to satisfy them, they infect the whole soul. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	I am not made for politics because I am incapable of wanting or accepting the death of the adversary. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	I am not virtuous. Our sons will be if we shed enough blood to give them the right to be. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	I am the global village idiot!
wisdom	sfw	I became the stage for the great argument between Nietzsche and Rousseau. I was the extra ready to take on all the roles. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	I begin with the principle that all men are bores. Surely no one will prove himself so great a bore as to contradict me in this. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	I believe in one God, and no more; and I hope for happiness beyond this life. I believe in the equality of humans; and I believe that religious duties consist in doing justice, loving mercy, and endeavoring to make our fellow creatures happy. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	I believe in only one thing: liberty; but I do not believe in liberty enough to want to force it upon anyone. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	I believe in the equality of man, and I believe that religious duties consist of doing justice, loving mercy, and endeavoring to make our fellow-creatures happy. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	I believe in the equality of man; and I believe that religious duties consist in doing justice, loving mercy, and endeavoring to make our fellow-creatures happy. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	I believe in the same manner at this moment; and I moreover believe, that any system of religion that has anything in it that shocks the mind of a child, cannot be a true system. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	I believe that all government is evil, and that trying to improve it is largely a waste of time. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	I believe that it is better to tell the truth than a lie. I believe it is better to be free than to be a slave. And I believe it is better to know than to be ignorant. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	I choose my life to this free. I choose my life to be this way -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	I choose to believe in an afterlife only because it is too horrible to believe that such a cool stud as myself could be allowed to disappear from the universe. [Diary entry, age 15]
wisdom	sfw	I confess I enjoy democracy immensely. It is incomparably idiotic, and hence incomparably amusing. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	I confused things with their names: that is belief. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	I do everything I think possible or acceptable to escape from this trap. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	I do not believe in God; his existence has been disproved by Science. But in the concentration camp, I learned to believe in men. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	I do not believe in pure idioms. I think there is naturally a desire, for whoever speaks or writes, to sign in an idiomatic, irreplaceable manner. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish church, by the Roman church, by the Greek church, by the Turkish church, by the Protestant church, nor by any church that I know of. My own mind is my own church. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	I do not believe in the creed professed by the Jewish church, by the Roman church, by the Greek church, by the Turkish church, by the Protestant church, nor by any church that I know of. My own mind is my own church. All -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	I do not pretend to start with precise questions. I do not think you can start with anything precise. You have to achieve such precision as you can, as you go along. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	I don't believe anything, but I have many suspicions. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	I don't care! As "Bob" as my witness, I'm never gonna use that potty again! ~ Chuckie in "Chuckie vs. The Potty", episode of RugRats
wisdom	sfw	I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	I don't necessarily agree with everything I say. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to!" ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
wisdom	sfw	I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to.
wisdom	sfw	I don't practice what I preach, because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to!
wisdom	sfw	I draw from the Absurd three consequences: my revolt, my liberty, my passion. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	I draw my idea of the form of government from a principle in nature, which no art can overturn, viz. that the more simple any thing is, the less liable it is to be disordered, and the easier repaired when disordered; -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	I feel as if I were a piece in a game of chess, when my opponent says of it: That piece cannot be moved. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	I foresee the day when we shall read nothing but telegrams and prayers. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	I go on working for the same reason that a hen goes on laying eggs. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	I grew up with the sea, and poverty for me was sumptuous; then I lost the sea and found all luxuries gray and poverty unbearable. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	I hate all sports as rabidly as a person who likes sports hates common sense. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	I hate victims who respect their executioners. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	I have always had school sickness, as others have seasickness. I cried when it was time to go back to school long after I was old enough to be ashamed of such behavior. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	I have always had trouble recognizing myself in the features of the intellectual playing his political role according to the screenplay that you are familiar with and whose heritage deserves to be questioned. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	I have never been able to renounce the light, the pleasure of being, and the freedom in which I grew up. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	I have never experienced another human being. I have experienced my impressions of them. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	I have no nationality - the best possible status for an intellectual. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	I have no need for good souls: an accomplice is what I wanted. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	I hesitate to deposit money in a bank. I am afraid I shall never dare to take it out again. When you go to confession and entrust your sins to the safe-keeping of the priest, do you ever come back for them? ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	I know of only one duty, and that is to love. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	I like mathematics because it is not human and has nothing particular to do with this planet or with the whole accidental universe - because, like Spinoza's God, it won't love us in return. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	I look forward without dogmatic optimism but without dread. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	I lost my sleep, and this is the greatest tragedy that can befall someone. It is much worse than sitting in prison. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	I love the man that smiles at trouble: that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. -- Thomas Paine, The American Crisis
wisdom	sfw	I never give in to the temptation to be difficult just for the sake of being difficult. That would be too ridiculous. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	I never lecture, not because I am shy or a bad speaker, but simply because I detest the sort of people who go to lectures and don't want to meet them. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	I never smoked a cigarette until I was nine. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	I offer nothing more than simple facts, plain arguments, and common sense. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	I owe my solitude to other people. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	I prefer peace, but if trouble must come, let it be in my time that my children may know peace. Thomas Payne
wisdom	sfw	I remain convinced that obstinate addiction to ordinary language in our private thoughts is one of the main obstacles to progress in philosophy. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	I saw that philosophy had no power to make my life more bearable. Thus I lost my belief in philosophy. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	I say a murder is abstract. You pull the trigger and after that you do not understand anything that happens. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its Churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	I see it all perfectly; there are two possible situations - one can either do this or that. My honest opinion and my friendly advice is this: do it or do not do it - you will regret both. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	I should like to be able to love my country and still love justice. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	I sit astride life like a bad rider on a horse. I only owe it to the horse's good nature that I am not thrown off at this very moment. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	I tell you in truth: all men are Prophets or else God does not exist. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	I think of an intellectual as just being bookish, being interested in history books, utopian ideas, that kind of thing. ~ Richard Rorty
wisdom	sfw	I think of art, at its most significant, as a DEW line, a Distant Early Warning system that can always be relied on to tell the old culture what is beginning to happen to it. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	I think that a good Left is a party that always thinks about the future and doesn't care much about our past sins. ~ Richard Rorty
wisdom	sfw	I think we ought always to entertain our opinions with some measure of doubt. I shouldn't wish people dogmatically to believe any philosophy, not even mine. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	I think you can have a Left that isn't culturally conservative talking about lunch-bucket issues. ~ Richard Rorty
wisdom	sfw	I think, therefore I'm going to have breakfast. -- Charles Fort ("Bob's" third cousin)
wisdom	sfw	I used to be an atheist, until I realized I had nothing to shout during blowjobs. "Oh Random Chance! Oh Random Chance!" just doesn't cut it…. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	I was born poor and without religion, under a happy sky, feeling harmony, not hostility, in nature. I began not by feeling torn, but in plenitude. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	I would give worlds, if I had them, that the Age of Reason had never been published. Oh, god, save me; for I am at the edge of hell alone. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	I would rather live my life as if there is a God and die to find out there isn't, than live as if there isn't and to die to find out that there is. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	I wouldn't have seen it if I hadn't believed it. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	I write in order to attain that feeling of tension relieved and function achieved which a cow enjoys on giving milk. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	I wrote some bad poetry that I published in North African journals, but even as I withdrew into this reading, I also led the life of a kind of young hooligan. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	I'd rather be caught twixt a pair of scrapping bobcats than two women trying to run the same house. -- J.D. "Jed" Clampett in Jed's Dilemma (episode inspired by Connie and Bobra Dobbs living in the same house)
wisdom	sfw	I'd rather be lucky than good any day.
wisdom	sfw	I'm going to ask you to exercise glands you never knew existed. (ibid) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
wisdom	sfw	I'm mad too, "Bob"!
wisdom	sfw	I'm not an anarchist any longer, because I've concluded that anarchism is an impractical ideal. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	I'm simply an accident. Why take it all so seriously? ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	I've made an odd discovery. Every time I talk to a savant I feel quite sure that happiness is no longer a possibility. Yet when I talk with my gardener, I'm convinced of the opposite. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Ideally, advertising aims at the goal of a programmed harmony among all human impulses and aspirations and endeavors. Using handicraft methods, it stretches out toward the ultimate electronic goal of a collective consciousness. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	If I am capable of grasping God objectively, I do not believe, but precisely because I cannot do this I must believe. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	If I became a philosopher, if I have so keenly sought this fame for which I'm still waiting, it's all been to seduce women basically. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	If I do not believe as you believe, it proves that you do not believe as I believe, and that is all that it proves. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	If I take death into my life, acknowledge it, and face it squarely, I will free myself from the anxiety of death and the pettiness of life - and only then will I be free to become myself. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	If a lion could talk, we could not understand him. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	If a politician found he had cannibals among his constituents, he would promise them missionaries for dinner. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	If a victory is told in detail, one can no longer distinguish it from a defeat. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	If across the Atlantic the ideology was pride, here it is delivering the goods. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	If all our happiness is bound up entirely in our personal circumstances it is difficult not to demand of life more than it has to give. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	If any philosopher had been asked for a definition of infinity, he might have produced some unintelligible rigmarole, but he would certainly not have been able to give a definition that had any meaning at all. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	If anything is certain, it is that I myself am not a Marxist. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	If humor is based on the misfortune of others, then I suppose you might call me the greatest comedian of all time.
wisdom	sfw	If it were not for the Discordians, I never would have set the Church loose on the world -- for I know that they will always be around to DESTROY IT if it gets OUT OF HAND. ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
wisdom	sfw	If literature isn't everything, it's not worth a single hour of someone's trouble. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	If nobody will be so kind as to become my foe, I shall need no more fleets nor armies, and shall be forced to reduce my taxes. -- Thomas Paine, The Rights Of Man
wisdom	sfw	If one can only see things according to one's own belief system, one is destined to become virtually deaf, dumb, and blind. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	If people never did silly things nothing intelligent would ever get done. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	If the nineteenth century was the age of the editorial chair, ours is the century of the psychiatrist's couch. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	If the present generation, or any other, are disposed to be slaves, it does not lessen the right of the succeeding generation to be free. -- Thomas Paine, The Rights Of Man
wisdom	sfw	If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	If there must be trouble, let it be in my day, that my child may have peace; and this single reflection, well applied, is sufficient to awaken every man to duty. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	If there were in the world today any large number of people who desired their own happiness more than they desired the unhappiness of others, we could have a paradise in a few years. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	If this work seems so threatening, this is because it isn't simply eccentric or strange, but competent, rigorously argued, and carrying conviction. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	If those to whom power is delegated do well, they will be respected: if not, they will be despised; and with regard to those to whom no power is delegated, but who assume it, the rational world can know nothing of them. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	If time is money, it seems moral to save time, above all one's own, and such parsimony is excused by consideration for others. One is straight-forward. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	If we could see ourselves as others see us, we would vanish on the spot. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	If women believed in their husbands they would be a good deal happier and also a good deal more foolish. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	If you are lonely when you're alone, you are in bad company. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	If you have no Pipe I will give you one; if you do not, I will take it away from you.
wisdom	sfw	If you say, I love you, then you have already fallen in love with language, which is already a form of break up and infidelity. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	If you study the writings of the mystics, you will always find things in them that appear to be paradoxes, as in Zen, particularly. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	If, after I depart this vale, you ever remember me and have thought to please my ghost, forgive some sinner and wink your eye at some homely girl. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	If, at the limit, you can rule without crime, you cannot do so without injustices. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Ignorance is of a peculiar nature: once dispelled, it is impossible to re-establish it. It is not originally a thing of itself, but is only the absence of knowledge; and though man may be kept ignorant, he cannot be made ignorant. -- Thomas Paine, The Rights Of Man
wisdom	sfw	Ignorance is of a peculiar nature; once dispelled, it is impossible to reestablish it. It is not originally a thing of itself, but is only the absence of knowledge; and though man may be kept ignorant, he cannot be made ignorant. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Ignore this fnord.
wisdom	sfw	Imaginary pains are by far the most real we suffer, since we feel a constant need for them and invent them because there is no way of doing without them. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Immediate necessity makes many things convenient, which if continued would grow into oppressions. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Immediate necessity makes many things convenient, which if continued would grow into oppressions. Expedience and right are different things. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Immediate necessity makes many things convenient, which if continued would grow into oppressions. Expedience and right are different things. When -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Immorality: the morality of those who are having a better time. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Impossible to spend sleepless nights and accomplish anything: if, in my youth, my parents had not financed my insomnias, I should surely have killed myself. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	In Algeria, I had begun to get into literature and philosophy. I dreamed of writing-and already models were instructing the dream, a certain language governed it. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	In My Father's Midway Are Many Bumper Car Rides.
wisdom	sfw	In a higher phase of communist society... only then can the narrow horizon of bourgeois right be fully left behind and society inscribe on its banners: from each according to his ability, to each according to his needs. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	In a republic, that paradise of debility, the politician is a petty tyrant who obeys the laws. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	In all affairs it's a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	In bourgeois society capital is independent and has individuality, while the living person is dependent and has no individuality. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	In despotic governments wars are the effect of pride; but in those governments in which they become the means of taxation, they acquire thereby a more permanent promptitude. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	In every man sleeps a prophet, and when he wakes there is a little more evil in the world. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	In his state of complete powerlessness the individual perceives the time he has left to live as a brief reprieve. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	In known history, nobody has had such capacity for altering the universe than the people of the United States of America. And nobody has gone about it in such an aggressive way. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	In many people it is already an impertinence to say 'I'. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	In mourning the plumage, he forgot the dying bird thomas paine
wisdom	sfw	In order to exist just once in the world, it is necessary never again to exist. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	In order to exist, man must rebel, but rebellion must respect the limits that it discovers in itself - limits where minds meet, and in meeting, begin to exist. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	In order to have the stuff of a tyrant, a certain mental derangement is necessary. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	In order to speak about all and to all, one has to speak of what all know and of the reality common to us all. The sea, rains, necessity, desire, the struggle against death... these are things that unite us all. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	In order to understand the world, one has to turn away from it on occasion. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	In other words, a person who is fanatic in matters of religion, and clings to certain ideas about the nature of God and the universe, becomes a person who has no faith at all. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	In philosophy, you have to reckon with the implicit level of an accumulated reserve, and thus with a very great number of relays, with the shared responsibility of these relays. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	In psycho-analysis nothing is true except the exaggerations. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	In reviewing the history of the English government, its wars and its taxes, a bystander, not blinded by prejudice nor warped by interest, would declare that taxes were not raised to carry on wars, but that wars were raised to carry on taxes. -- Thomas Paine, The Rights Of Man
wisdom	sfw	In so far as a scientific statement speaks about reality, it must be falsifiable; and in so far as it is not falsifiable, it does not speak about reality. ~ Karl Popper
wisdom	sfw	In the abstract conception of universal wrong, all concrete responsibility vanishes. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	In the age of the individual's liquidation, the question of individuality must be raised anew. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	In the early ages of the world, according to the scripture chronology, there were no kings; the consequence of which was there were no wars; it is the pride of kings which throws mankind into confusion. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	In the end, glorification of splendid underdogs is nothing other than glorification of the splendid system that makes them so. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	In the revolt against idealism, the ambiguities of the word experience have been perceived, with the result that realists have more and more avoided the word. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	In the same way that we need statesmen to spare us the abjection of exercising power, we need scholars to spare us the abjection of learning. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	In this electronic age we see ourselves being translated more and more into the form of information, moving toward the technological extension of consciousness. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	In war the heroes always outnumber the soldiers ten to one. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Independence is my happiness, and I view things as they are, without regard to place or person; my country is the world, and my religion is to do good. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Independence is my happiness, and I view things as they are, without regard to place or person; my country is the world, and my religion is to do good. thomas paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Indignation is a submission of our thoughts, but not of our desires. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Infidelity does not consist in believing, or in disbelieving; it consists in professing to believe what he does not believe. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Infidelity does not consist in believing, or in disbelieving; it consists in professing to believe what he does not believe. It -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Injustice is relatively easy to bear; what stings is justice. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Innumerable confusions and a feeling of despair invariably emerge in periods of great technological and cultural transition. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Insane sects grow with the same rhythm as big organizations. It is the rhythm of total destruction. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Insomnia is a vertiginous lucidity that can convert paradise itself into a place of torture. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Integrity has no need of rules. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Intelligence flourishes only in the ages when belief withers. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Intelligence is a moral category. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Is the power who is jealous of our prosperity, a proper power to govern us? -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Isn't history ultimately the result of our fear of boredom? ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	It belongs to the imperfection of everything human that man can only attain his desire by passing through its opposite. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	It disturbs me no more to find men base, unjust, or selfish than to see apes mischievous, wolves savage, or the vulture ravenous. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	It doesn't take a majority to make a rebellion; it takes only a few determined leaders and a sound cause. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	It is a duty incumbent on every true deist, that he vindicates the moral justice of God against the calumnies of the Bible. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	It is a kind of spiritual snobbery that makes people think they can be happy without money. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	It is absolutely impossible to transcend the laws of nature. What can change in historically different circumstances is only the form in which these laws expose themselves. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	It is always the same: once you are liberated, you are forced to ask who you are. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	It is an hypothesis that the sun will rise tomorrow: and this means that we do not know whether it will rise. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	It is because we are all imposters that we endure each other. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	It is by tracing things to their origin, that we learn to understand them; and it is by keeping that line and that origin always in view, that we never forget them. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense, The Rights of Man and Other Essential Writings
wisdom	sfw	It is easy to see that when Republican virtues fail, slavery ensues. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	It is error only, and not truth, that shrinks from inquiry. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	It is from the Bible that man has learned cruelty, rapine, and murder; for the belief of a cruel God makes a cruel man. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	It is hard for the ape to believe he descended from man. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	It is hard to believe that a man is telling the truth when you know that you would lie if you were in his place. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	It is important that we should never lose sight of this distinction. We must not confuse the peoples with their governments... -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	It is impossible to find any equivalent counterpoise for the right of suffrage, because it is alone worthy to be its own basis, and cannot thrive as a graft, or an appendage. -Agrarian Justice -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	It is impossible to imagine Goethe or Beethoven being good at billiards or golf. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	It is impossible to imagine the universe run by a wise, just and omnipotent God, but it is quite easy to imagine it run by a board of gods. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	It is impossible to speak in such a way that you cannot be misunderstood. ~ Karl Popper
wisdom	sfw	It is inaccurate to say that I hate everything. I am strongly in favor of common sense, common honesty, and common decency. This makes me forever ineligible for public office. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	It is necessary to fall in love... if only to provide an alibi for all the random despair you are going to feel anyway. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	It is necessary to the happiness of man that he be mentally faithful to himself. Infidelity does not consist in believing, or in disbelieving, it consists in professing to believe what he does not believe. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	It is normal to give away a little of one's life in order not to lose it all. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	It is not because right principles have been violated, that they are to be abandoned. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	It is not because the right principles have been violated, that they are to be abandoned. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	It is not history which uses men as a means of achieving - as if it were an individual person - its own ends. History is nothing but the activity of men in pursuit of their ends. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	It is not in numbers, but in unity, that our great strength lies. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	It is not in numbers, but in unity, that our great strength lies; yet our present numbers are sufficient to repel the force of all the world -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	It is not in numbers, but in unity, that our great strength lies; yet our present numbers are sufficient to repel the force of all the world. The Continent hath, at this time, the largest body of armed and disciplined men of any power under Heaven; -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	It is not in the power of Britain or of Europe to conquer America, if she do not conquer herself by DELAY and TIMIDITY. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	It is not materialism that is the chief curse of the world, as pastors teach, but idealism. Men get into trouble by taking their visions and hallucinations too seriously. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	It is not the antiquity of a tale that is an evidence of its truth; on the contrary, it is a symptom of its being fabulous; for the more ancient any history pretends to be, the more it has the resemblance of a fable. thomas paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	It is not worth the bother of killing yourself, since you always kill yourself too late. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	It is not your paintings I like, it is your painting. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	It is now quite lawful for a Catholic woman to avoid pregnancy by a resort to mathematics, though she is still forbidden to resort to physics or chemistry. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	It is one of the chief skills of the philosopher not to occupy himself with questions which do not concern him. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	It is one of the consolations of philosophy that the benefit of showing how to dispense with a concept does not hinge on dispensing with it. ~ Willard Van Orman Quine
wisdom	sfw	It is only in our decisions that we are important. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	It is possible that mankind is on the threshold of a golden age; but, if so, it will be necessary first to slay the dragon that guards the door, and this dragon is religion. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	It is preoccupation with possessions, more than anything else, that prevents us from living freely and nobly. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	It is so characteristic, that just when the mechanics of reproduction are so vastly improved, there are fewer and fewer people who know how the music should be played. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	It is so hard to believe because it is so hard to obey. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	It is the duty of every man, as far as his ability extends, to detect and expose delusion and error. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	It is the framework which changes with each new technology and not just the picture within the frame. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	It is the pride of kings that throws man kind into confusion. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	It may be considered as an honour to the animal faculties of man to obtain redress by courage and danger, but it is far greater honour to the rational faculties to accomplish the same object by reason, accommodation, and general consent. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	It only takes 20 years for a liberal to become a conservative without changing a single idea. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	It only takes a politician believing in what he says for the others to stop believing him. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	It seems essential, in relationships and all tasks, that we concentrate only on what is most significant and important. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	It seems to be the fate of idealists to obtain what they have struggled for in a form which destroys their ideals. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	It seems to me that, in every culture, I come across a chapter headed 'Wisdom.' And then I know exactly what is going to follow: 'Vanity of vanities, all is vanity.' ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	It was completely fruitless to quarrel with the world, whereas the quarrel with oneself was occasionally fruitful and always, she had to admit, interesting. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	It was needless, after this, to say that all was vanity and vexation of spirit; for it is impossible to derive happiness from the company of those whom we deprive of happiness. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason: Being an Investigation of True & Fabulous Theology
wisdom	sfw	It's only possible to see people when one is able to see the world as others see it. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Italy, and the spring and first love all together should suffice to make the gloomiest person happy. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Jealousy - that jumble of secret worship and ostensible aversion. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Jesus Christ wrote no account of himself, of his birth, parentage, or anything else. Not a line of what is called the New Testament is of his writing. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Jokes are grievances. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Judge: a law student who marks his own examination-papers. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Judging whether life is or is not worth living amounts to answering the fundamental question of philosophy. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Just as in earthly life lovers long for the moment when they are able to breathe forth their love for each other, to let their souls blend in a soft whisper, so the mystic longs for the moment when in prayer he can, as it were, creep into God. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Just because some jackass is an atheist doesn't mean that his prophets and gods are any less false.
wisdom	sfw	Kill "Bob"!
wisdom	sfw	Kill the king but spare the man. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Knowledge is in the end based on acknowledgement. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Language is a part of our organism and no less complicated than it. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Language is a social art. ~ Willard Van Orman Quine
wisdom	sfw	Language is conceived in sin and science is its redemption. ~ Willard Van Orman Quine
wisdom	sfw	Language is the house of the truth of Being. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Lead, follow, or get out of the way. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Let a crown be placed thereon, by which the world may know, that so far as we approve of monarcy, that in America the law is King. For as in absolute governments the King is law, so in free countries the law ought to be King; and there ought to be no other. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Let it then be heard, and let man learn to feel that the true greatness of a nation is founded on principles of humanity, and not on conquest. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Let the names of Whig and Tory be extinct; and let none other be heard among us, than those of A GOOD CITIZEN, AN OPEN AND RESOLUTE FRIEND, AND A VIRTUOUS SUPPORTER OF THE RIGHTS OF MANKIND AND OF THE FREE AND INDEPENDANT STATES OF AMERICA. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Let the ruling classes tremble at a communist revolution. The proletarians have nothing to lose but their chains. They have a world to win. Workingmen of all countries, unite! ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Let's not burn the universities yet. After all, the damage they do might be worse. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Liberty is the right to do what I like; license, the right to do what you like. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Lies are told only to convey to someone that one has no need either of him or his good opinion. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Life begins on the other side of despair. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Life creates itself in delirium and is undone in ennui. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Life has become the ideology of its own absence. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Life has its own hidden forces which you can only discover by living. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Life has no meaning the moment you lose the illusion of being eternal. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Life inspires more dread than death - it is life which is the great unknown. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Life is a constant oscillation between the sharp horns of dilemmas. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Life is a dead-end street. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Life is nothing but a competition to be the criminal rather than the victim. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Life is possible only by the deficiencies of our imagination and memory. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Like all dreamers, I mistook disenchantment for truth. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Like dreams, statistics are a form of wish fulfillment. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	Like everything metaphysical the harmony between thought and reality is to be found in the grammar of the language. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Listen to the cry of a woman in labor at the hour of giving birth - look at the dying man's struggle at his last extremity, and then tell me whether something that begins and ends thus could be intended for enjoyment. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Logic is not a body of doctrine, but a mirror-image of the world. Logic is transcendental. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Logic must look after itself. In a certain sense, we cannot make mistakes in logic. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Logic takes care of itself; all we have to do is to look and see how it does it. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Look at the Paris Commune. That was the Dictatorship of the Proletariat. ~ Friedrich Engels
wisdom	sfw	Love does not alter the beloved, it alters itself. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Love is all, it gives all, and it takes all. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Love is an emotion that is based on an opinion of women that is impossible for those who have had any experience with them. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse; it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Love you will find only where you may show yourself weak without provoking strength. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Lying is not only saying what isn't true. It is also, in fact especially, saying more than is true and, in the case of the human heart, saying more than one feels. We all do it, every day, to make life simpler. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Machines are worshipped because they are beautiful and valued because they confer power; they are hated because they are hideous and loathed because they impose slavery. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Machines were, it may be said, the weapon employed by the capitalists to quell the revolt of specialized labor. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Madison Avenue is a very powerful aggression against private consciousness. A demand that you yield your private consciousness to public manipulation. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Make government what it ought to be, and it will support itself. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Make them pay as much as they think they can afford. (1953) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
wisdom	sfw	Making itself intelligible is suicide for philosophy. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Man acts as though he were the shaper and master of language, while in fact language remains the master of man. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Man cannot make principles, he can only discover them. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Man did not enter into society to become worse than he was before, nor to have fewer rights than he had before, but to have those rights better secured. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Man did not enter into society to become worse than he was before, nor to have fewer rights than he had before, but to have those rights better secured. His natural rights are the foundation of all his civil rights. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Man did not enter society to be worse off, or to have fewer rights, but rather to have those rights better secured -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Man has to awaken to wonder - and so perhaps do peoples. Science is a way of sending him to sleep again. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Man is a beautiful machine that works very badly. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Man is a credulous animal, and must believe something; in the absence of good grounds for belief, he will be satisfied with bad ones. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Man is always looking for someone to boast to; woman is always looking for a shoulder to put her head on. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Man is an idea, and a precious small idea once he turns his back on love. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Man is fully responsible for his nature and his choices. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Man is not the enemy of man, but through the medium of a false system of Government. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Man is not the lord of beings. Man is the shepherd of Being. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Man is not the sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Man is the only creature that refuses to be what he is. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Man must vanquish himself, must do himself violence, in order to perform the slightest action untainted by evil. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Man needs, for his happiness, not only the enjoyment of this or that, but hope and enterprise and change. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Man starts over again everyday, in spite of all he knows, against all he knows. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Man wants to live, but it is useless to hope that this desire will dictate all his actions. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Man weeps to think that he will die so soon; woman, that she was born so long ago. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Man, were he not corrupted by governments, is naturally the friend of man, and . . . human nature is not of itself vicious. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Many a man will have the courage to die gallantly, but will not have the courage to say, or even to think, that the cause for which he is asked to die is an unworthy one. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Many people when they fall in love look for a little haven of refuge from the world, where they can be sure of being admired when they are not admirable, and praised when they are not praiseworthy. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Many people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Marriage brings one into fatal connection with custom and tradition, and traditions and customs are like the wind and weather, altogether incalculable. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who would want to live in an institution? -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Martyrs, my friend, have to choose between being forgotten, mocked or used. As for being understood - never. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Mass transportation is doomed to failure in North America because a person's car is the only place where he can be alone and think. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Mathematics takes us into the region of absolute necessity, to which not only the actual word, but every possible word, must conform. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Meaning is what essence becomes when it is divorced from the object of reference and wedded to the word. ~ Willard Van Orman Quine
wisdom	sfw	Medicine heals doubts as well as diseases. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Men are born ignorant, not stupid. They are made stupid by education. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Men are convinced of your arguments, your sincerity, and the seriousness of your efforts only by your death. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Men are never really willing to die except for the sake of freedom: therefore they do not believe in dying completely. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Men do not change from enemies to friends by the alteration of a name: -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later; for another thing, they die earlier. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Men must live and create. Live to the point of tears. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Men who are unhappy, like men who sleep badly, are always proud of the fact. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Men's ideas are the most direct emanations of their material state. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Methods of thought which claim to give the lead to our world in the name of revolution have become, in reality, ideologies of consent and not of rebellion. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Mind thine own concerns. If he believes not as thou believest, it is a proof that thou believest not as he believes, and there is no earthly power can determine between you. -- Thomas Paine, The Rights Of Man
wisdom	sfw	Mingling religion with politics may be disavowed and reprobated by every inhabitant of America. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Misfortune and experience are lost upon mankind, when they produce neither reflection nor reformation. Evils, like poisons, have their uses, and there are diseases which no other remedy can reach. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Moderation in temper is always a virtue; but moderation in principle is always a vice. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Modernity is a qualitative, not a chronological, category. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Monarchy and succession have laid (not this or that kingdom only) but the world in blood and ashes. 'Tis a form of government which the word of God bears testimony against, and blood will attend it. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Monarchy and succession have laid (not this or that kingdom only) but the world in blood and ashes. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Money is a poor man's credit card. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Money is just the poor man's credit card. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Morality is the theory that every human act must be either right or wrong, and that 99 % of them are wrong. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Moses parted the Red Sea, Oppenheimer split the atom, but "Bob" cut the crap. ~ Steve Antczak
wisdom	sfw	Most men pursue pleasure with such breathless haste that they hurry past it. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Most of our ancestors were not perfect ladies and gentlemen. The majority of them weren't even mammals. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Most of our assumptions have outlived their uselessness. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Most people are unable to write because they are unable to think, and they are unable to think because they congenitally lack the equipment to do so, just as they congenitally lack the equipment to fly over the moon. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Most people live in a myth and grow violently angry if anyone dares to tell them the truth about themselves. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Most people want security in this world, not liberty. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Most wise men, in their private sentiments, have ever treated hereditary right with contempt; yet -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Much that passes as idealism is disguised hatred or disguised love of power. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Music is the refuge of souls ulcerated by happiness. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Mutluluktan mahrum ettiimiz bir topluluktan mutluluk beklemek imkanszdr. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	My country is the world, and my religion is to do good. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	My goal is to try to get people into a state of generalized agnosticism, not about God alone, but agnosticism about everything. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	My mission is to kill time, and time's to kill me in its turn. How comfortable one is among murderers. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	My most resolute opponents believe that I am too visible, that I am a little too alive, that my name echoes too much in the texts which they nevertheless claim to be inaccessible. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	My own mind is my own church. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	My thought is me: that is why I cannot stop thinking. I exist because I think I cannot keep from thinking. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Nations, like individuals, who have long been enemies, without knowing each other, or knowing why, become better friends when they discover the errors and impositions under which they had acted. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Natural science will in time incorporate into itself the science of man, just as the science of man will incorporate into itself natural science: there will be one science. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Necessity is blind until it becomes conscious. Freedom is the consciousness of necessity. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Necredinta nu consta in a crede sau in a nu crede, ci in faptul de a marturisi credinta in ceea ce nu crezi. -- Thomas Paine, Epoca raiunii
wisdom	sfw	Negation is the mind's first freedom, yet a negative habit is fruitful only so long as we exert ourselves to overcome it, adapt it to our needs; once acquired it can imprison us. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Neither a man nor a crowd nor a nation can be trusted to act humanely or to think sanely under the influence of a great fear. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	Never resist a sentence you like, in which language takes its own pleasure and in which, after having abused it for so long, you are stupefied by its innocence. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	Never stay up on the barren heights of cleverness, but come down into the green valleys of silliness. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Nevertheless, it is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Next to enjoying ourselves, the next greatest pleasure consists in preventing others from enjoying themselves, or, more generally, in the acquisition of power. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Nine times out of ten, in the arts as in life, there is actually no truth to be discovered; there is only error to be exposed. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	No cause justifies the deaths of innocent people. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	No emancipation without that of society. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	No finite point has meaning without an infinite reference point. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	No harm comes to man from outside alone: dumbness is the objective spirit. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	No man ever quite believes in any other man. One may believe in an idea absolutely, but not in a man. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	No married man is genuinely happy if he has to drink worse whisky than he used to drink when he was single. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	No matter how happily a woman may be married, it always pleases her to discover that there is a nice man who wishes that she were not. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	No matter how long he lives, no man ever becomes as wise as the average woman of forty-eight. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	No matter what cause one defends, it will suffer permanent disgrace if one resorts to blind attacks on crowds of innocent people. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	No one can enjoy freedom without trembling. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	No one gets angry at a mathematician or a physicist whom he or she doesn't understand, or at someone who speaks a foreign language, but rather at someone who tampers with your own language. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	No one gossips about other people's secret virtues. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	No one in this world, so far as I know - and I have searched the records for years, and employed agents to help me - has ever lost money by underestimating the intelligence of the great masses of the plain people. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	No one recovers from the disease of being born, a deadly wound if there ever was one. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	No rational argument will have a rational effect on a man who does not want to adopt a rational attitude. ~ Karl Popper
wisdom	sfw	No valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	No; we have been as usual asking the wrong question. It does not matter a hoot what the mockingbird on the chimney is singing. The real and proper question is: Why is it beautiful? ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Nobody ever went broke underestimating the taste of the American public. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Nobody sees the obvious, nobody observes the ordinary. There are more miracles in a square yard of earth than in all the fables of the Church. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	None but a coward dares to boast that he has never known fear. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	None of the abstract concepts comes closer to fulfilled utopia than that of eternal peace. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Normality is death. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Not every problem someone has with his girlfriend is necessarily due to the capitalist mode of production. ~ Herbert Marcuse
wisdom	sfw	Not just in commerce but in the world of ideas too our age is putting on a veritable clearance sale. Everything can be had so dirt cheap that one begins to wonder whether in the end anyone will want to make a bid. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Not only is the self entwined in society; it owes society its existence in the most literal sense. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Note, besides, that it is no more immoral to directly rob citizens than to slip indirect taxes into the price of goods that they cannot do without. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Nothing can have value without being an object of utility. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Nothing does the job like a Blow Job. -- (Bobra "B.J." Dobbs in ads for Blow Job hairdryers).
wisdom	sfw	Nothing is more despicable than respect based on fear. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Nothing is so difficult as not deceiving oneself. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Nothing is so wearing as the possession or abuse of liberty. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Nothing of any importance can be taught. It can only be learned, and with blood and sweat. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Nothing proves that we are more than nothing. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Nothing, they say is more certain than death, and nothing more uncertain than the time of dying -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Nowadays it is the fashion to emphasize the horrors of the last war. I didn't find it so horrible. There are just as horrible things happening all round us today, if only we had eyes to see them. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	O mundo meu pas, os humanos so meus irmos e fazer o bem minha religio. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	ONLY THE MADMAN IS ABSOLUTELY SURE. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Obscenity is a moral concept in the verbal arsenal of the establishment, which abuses the term by applying it, not to expressions of its own morality but to those of another. ~ Herbert Marcuse
wisdom	sfw	Obscenity is whatever happens to shock some elderly and ignorant magistrate. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Obsolescence never meant the end of anything, it's just the beginning. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Of all forms of caution, caution in love is perhaps the most fatal to true happiness. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Of all the innocent passions which actuate the human mind there is none more universally prevalent than curiosity. It reaches all mankind, and in matters which concern us, or concern us not, it alike provokes in us a desire to know them. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	Of all the tyrannies that affect mankind, tyranny in religion is the worst; every other species of tyranny is limited to the world we live in; but this attempts to stride beyond the grave, and seeks to pursue us into eternity. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Of course I'm crazy, but that doesn't mean I'm wrong. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Of more worth is one honest man to society and in the sight of God, than all the crowned ruffians that ever lived. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Old age realizes the dreams of youth: look at Dean Swift; in his youth he built an asylum for the insane, in his old age he was himself an inmate. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Omnipotence is not knowing how everything is done; it's just doing it. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	On a level plain, simple mounds look like hills; and the insipid flatness of our present bourgeoisie is to be measured by the altitude of its great intellects. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	On a planet that increasingly resembles one huge Maximum Security prison, the only intelligent choice is to plan a jail break. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	On some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their heart's desire at last, and the White House will be adorned by a downright moron. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	On this question of war, three things are to be considered. First, the rights of declaring it: secondly, the expense of supporting it: thirdly, the mode of conducting it after it is declared. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Once something becomes discernible, or understandable, we no longer need to repeat it. We can destroy it. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Once the last trace of emotion has been eradicated, nothing remains of thought but absolute tautology. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Once you hear the details of victory, it is hard to distinguish it from a defeat. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Once you label me you negate me. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	One always dies too soon or too late. And yet, life is there, finished: the line is drawn, and it must all be added up. You are nothing other than your life. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	One can advise comfortably from a safe port. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	One cannot become a saint when one works sixteen hours a day. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	One does not inhabit a country; one inhabits a language. That is our country, our fatherland - and no other. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	One good schoolmaster is of more use than a hundred priests. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	One hardly saves a world without ruling it. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	One is still what one is going to cease to be and already what one is going to become. One lives one's death, one dies one's life. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	One leader, one people, signifies one master and millions of slaves. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	One man's observation is another man's closed book or flight of fancy. ~ Willard Van Orman Quine
wisdom	sfw	One may no more live in the world without picking up the moral prejudices of the world than one will be able to go to hell without perspiring. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	One of the effects of living with electric information is that we live habitually in a state of information overload. There's always more than you can cope with. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	One of the most mawkish of human delusions is the notion that friendship should be eternal, or, at all events, life-long, and that any act which puts a term to it is somehow discreditable. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	One of the most misleading representational techniques in our language is the use of the word 'I.' ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	One often makes a remark and only later sees how true it is. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	One should live and die where one was born... I've been bored everywhere I went. What was the point of leaving Coasta Boacu? ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	One should respect public opinion insofar as is necessary to avoid starvation and keep out of prison, but anything that goes beyond this is voluntary submission to an unnecessary tyranny. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Only a god can save us. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Only a humanity to whom death has become as indifferent as its members, that has itself died, can inflict it administratively on innumerable people. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Only a philosophy of eternity, in the world today, could justify non-violence. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Only the guy who isn't rowing has time to rock the boat. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Only the madman is absolutely sure. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Opera in English is, in the main, just about as sensible as baseball in Italian. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Oppression is often the consequence, but seldom or never the means of riches; and though avarice will preserve a man from being necessitously poor, it generally makes him too timorous to be wealthy. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Order, unity, and continuity are human inventions, just as truly as catalogues and encyclopedias. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Ouch' is not independent of social training. One has only to prick a foreigner to appreciate that it is an English word. ~ Willard Van Orman Quine
wisdom	sfw	Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today's job with yesterday's tools and yesterday's concepts. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Our first intuitions are the true ones. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Our greatest stupidities may be very wise. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Our knowledge can only be finite, while our ignorance must necessarily be infinite. ~ Karl Popper
wisdom	sfw	Our life always expresses the result of our dominant thoughts. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Our present condition, is, Legislation without law; wisdom without a plan; constitution without a name; and, what is strangely astonishing, perfect Independance contending for dependance. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Our works, whatever they may be, derive from our incapacity to kill or to kill ourselves. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	PEE WEE HERMAN FOR PRESIDENT "Give us back our Willies!" ~ RAW
wisdom	sfw	Patience is necessary, and one cannot reap immediately where one has sown. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Patriots always talk of dying for their country and never of killing for their country. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	People commonly travel the world over to see rivers and mountains, new stars, garish birds, freak fish, grotesque breeds of human; they fall into an animal stupor that gapes at existence and they think they have seen something. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	People demand freedom of speech as a compensation for the freedom of thought which they seldom use. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	People understand me so poorly that they don't even understand my complaint about them not understanding me. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Perhaps the world's second worst crime is boredom. The first is being a bore. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	Persecution is not an original feature in any religion; but it is always the strongly marked feature of all religions established by law. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Personality is only ripe when a man has made the truth his own. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Peygamberlik profesyonel bir yalanclktr. Neredeyse dier tm vakalarda basit bir varsaymn bile insanlarn safl sayesinde bir yalana dntn ve bu yalann da sonunda gerek olarak anlatldn grmek zor deildir. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason and Other Works
wisdom	sfw	Philadelphia merely seems dull because it's next to exciting Camden, New Jersey. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Philosophers write for professors; thinkers for writers. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Philosophy is a battle against the bewitchment of our intelligence by means of language. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Philosophy is like trying to open a safe with a combination lock: each little adjustment of the dials seems to achieve nothing, only when everything is in place does the door open. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Philosophy is not a theory but an activity. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Physics investigates the essential nature of the world, and biology describes a local bump. Psychology, human psychology, describes a bump on the bump. ~ Willard Van Orman Quine
wisdom	sfw	Piecemeal social engineering resembles physical engineering in regarding the ends as beyond the province of technology. ~ Karl Popper
wisdom	sfw	Platitude: an idea (a) that is admitted to be true by everyone, and (b) that is not true. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Poetry has done enough when it charms, but prose must also convince. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Politics is a science. You can demonstrate that you are right and that others are wrong. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Politics will eventually be replaced by imagery. The politician will be only too happy to abdicate in favor of his image, because the image will be much more powerful than he could ever be. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Praise "Bob"!
wisdom	sfw	Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Pregnancy is a kind of miracle. Especially so in that it proves that a man and woman can conspire to force God to create a new soul. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Progress is the injustice each generation commits with regard to its predecessors. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Proletarian language is dictated by hunger. The poor chew words to fill their bellies. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Propositions show what they say: tautologies and contradictions show that they say nothing. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Propria mea minte este biserica mea. -- Thomas Paine, Epoca raiunii
wisdom	sfw	Prosecution is not an original feature in any religion; but it is always the strongly-marked feature of all law-religious, or religions established by law. Take away the law-establishment, and every religion re-assumes its original benignity. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Publication is a self-invasion of privacy. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Pull off your pants and roll in your own mistakes.
wisdom	sfw	Pull the wool over your own eyes!
wisdom	sfw	Pull the wool over your own eyes.
wisdom	sfw	Puritanism. The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Purity of heart is to will one thing. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Put us, say some, on the footing we were on in sixty-three: To which I answer, the -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Quality is decided by the depth at which the work incorporates the alternatives within itself, and so masters them. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Reader, whoever thou art, put thy trust in thy Creator, make use of the reason he endowed thee with, and cast from thee all such fables. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Real generosity toward the future lies in giving all to the present. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Real nobility is based on scorn, courage, and profound indifference. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Reality is only a Rorschach ink-blot, you know. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	Reason has always existed, but not always in a reasonable form. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Reason is a harmonising, controlling force rather than a creative one. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Reason obeys itself; and ignorance submits to whatever is dictated to it. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Reason obeys itselt; and ignorance submits to whatever is dictated to it. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Rebellion cannot exist without the feeling that somewhere, in some way, you are justified. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Relax in the safety of your own delusions!
wisdom	sfw	Relax in the safety of your own delusions.
wisdom	sfw	Religion is not a department of life; it is something that enters into the whole of it. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	Religion is something left over from the infancy of our intelligence, it will fade away as we adopt reason and science as our guidelines. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Religion is the impotence of the human mind to deal with occurrences it cannot understand. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Religion is the opium of the masses. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Religions that teach brotherly love have been used as an excuse for persecution, and our profoundest scientific insight is made into a means of mass destruction. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Religions, which condemn the pleasures of sense, drive men to seek the pleasures of power. Throughout history power has been the vice of the ascetic. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Repent! Quit your job! Slack off!
wisdom	sfw	Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Resolution is our inherent character, and courage hath never yet forsaken us. Wherefore, what is it that we want? Why is it that we hesitate? -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Resting on your laurels is as dangerous as resting when you are walking in the snow. You doze off and die in your sleep. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Retaliation is related to nature and instinct, not to law. Law, by definition, cannot obey the same rules as nature. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Revenge is not always sweet, once it is consummated we feel inferior to our victim. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Revolutions are the locomotives of history. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Right discipline consists, not in external compulsion, but in the habits of mind which lead spontaneously to desirable rather than undesirable activities. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	S-ar putea spune ca, daca va avea loc o astfel de revolutie a sistemului religios, fiecare predicator va trebui sa fie un filosof : cu certitudine iar fiecare casa de rugaciune va trebuie sa fie o scoala de stiinte. -- Thomas Paine, Epoca raiunii
wisdom	sfw	Saints need sinners. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	Santa Barbara is a paradise; Disneyland is a paradise; the U.S. is a paradise. Paradise is just paradise. Mournful, monotonous, and superficial though it may be, it is paradise. There is no other. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	Say what you will about the ten commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Schizophrenia may be a necessary consequence of literacy. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Science does not remove the terror of The Gods!
wisdom	sfw	Science is what you know, philosophy is what you don't know. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Science may be described as the art of systematic over-simplification. ~ Karl Popper
wisdom	sfw	Science must begin with myths, and with the criticism of myths. ~ Karl Popper
wisdom	sfw	See "Bob"'s pretty slick. He's like the opposite of neutral. ~ Dr. Agon Fly at 2005 teX-DAY Survival Drill and Devival, 1.24
wisdom	sfw	Self-respect: the secure feeling that no one, as yet, is suspicious. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	She believed in nothing; only her skepticism kept her from being an atheist. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Sin is geographical. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Since all life is futility, then the decision to exist must be the most irrational of all. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Since boredom advances and boredom is the root of all evil, no wonder, then, that the world goes backwards, that evil spreads. This can be traced back to the very beginning of the world. The gods were bored; therefore they created human beings. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Since my earliest childhood a barb of sorrow has lodged in my heart. As long as it stays I am ironic if it is pulled out I shall die. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Size is not a reality, but a construct of the mind; and space a construct to contain constructs. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	Skepticism is the sadism of embittered souls. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Small islands, not capable of protecting themselves, are the proper objects for kingdoms to take under their care; but there is something absurd, in supposing a continent to be perpetually governed by an island. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	So long as man is protected by madness - he functions - and flourishes. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	So the bodhisattva saves all beings, not by preaching sermons to them, but by showing them that they are delivered, they are liberated, by the act of not being able to stop changing. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	So then, the relationship of self to other is the complete realization that loving yourself is impossible without loving everything defined as other than yourself. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	So what is discord at one level of your being is harmony at another level. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	Societies have always been shaped more by the nature of the media by which men communicate than by the content of the communication. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Society -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Society does not consist of individuals but expresses the sum of interrelations, the relations within which these individuals stand. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Society in every state is a blessing, but a government even in its best state is but a necessary evil; in its worst state an intolerable one -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Society in every state is a blessing, but a government even in its best state is but a necessary evil; in its worst state an intolerable one. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Society in every state is a blessing, but government even in its best state is but a necessary evil; -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Society in every state is a blessing, but government even in its best state is but a necessary evil; in its worst state an intolerable one; -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Society in every state is a blessing, but government, even in its best state, is a necessary evil; in its worst state, an intolerable one. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Society is not a disease, it is a disaster. What a stupid miracle that one can live in it. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Society is produced by our wants, and government by our wickedness. Society promotes our happiness positively by uniting our affections, government negatively by restraining our vices. Society encourages intercourse. Government creates distinctions. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Society is produced by our wants, and government by our wickedness; the former promotes our happiness POSITIVELY by uniting our affections, the latter NEGATIVELY by restraining our vices. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Society is produced by our wants, and government by wickedness; the former promotes our happiness positively by uniting our affections, the latter negatively by restraining our vices. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Some believe all that parents, tutors, and kindred believe. They take their principles by inheritance, and defend them as they would their estates, because they are born heirs to them. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	Some laws of state aimed at curbing crime are even more criminal. ~ Friedrich Engels
wisdom	sfw	Some people talk in their sleep. Lecturers talk while other people sleep. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Someone who knows too much finds it hard not to lie. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Speech and silence. We feel safer with a madman who talks than with one who cannot open his mouth. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Sperm is a bandit in its pure state. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Still today, I cannot cross the threshold of a teaching institution without physical symptoms, in my chest and my stomach, of discomfort or anxiety. And yet I have never left school. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	Strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Stupidity has a knack of getting its way. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Suspicion is the companion of mean souls, and the bane of all good society. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	THE WORD OF GOD IS THE CREATION WE BEHOLD: -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	THUS much for the Bible; I now go on to the book called the New Testament. The new Testament! that is, the new Will, as if there could be two wills of the Creator. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Tact is the discrimination of differences. It consists in conscious deviations. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Take away paradox from the thinker and you have a professor. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	Tanr'nn ne olduunu bilmek istiyor muyuz? Bunu herhangi bir insann yazabilecei yazl kitaplarda arama, ama Yaratl'n imzasnda ara. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Teach governments humanity. It is their sanguinary punishments which corrupt mankind. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	Technology is making gestures precise and brutal, and with them men. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Tek Tanr'ya inanrm, baka bir eye deil; bu yaamdan sonra da mutluluk olmasn umut ederim. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Television brought the brutality of war into the comfort of the living room. Vietnam was lost in the living rooms of America - not on the battlefields of Vietnam. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Television knows no night. It is perpetual day. TV embodies our fear of the dark, of night, of the other side of things. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	Temptation is a woman's weapon and man's excuse. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Temptation is an irresistible force at work on a movable body. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	That God does not exist, I cannot deny, That my whole being cries out for God I cannot forget. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	That government is best which governs least. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	That in which every man is interested, is every man's duty to support. And any burden which falls equally on all men, and from which every man is to receive an equal benefit, is consistent with the most perfect ideas of liberty. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	That there are men in all countries who get their living by war, and by keeping up the quarrels of Nations is as shocking as it is true... -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	That which is cannot be true. ~ Herbert Marcuse
wisdom	sfw	That which is now called learning, was not learning originally. Learning does not consist, as the schools now make it consist, in the knowledge of languages, but in the knowledge of things to which language gives names. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	That which we obtain too easily we esteem too lightly. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	That which we obtain too easily, we esteem lightly. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	The Christian mythologists tell us that Christ died for the sins of the world, and that he came on Purpose to die. Would it not then have been the same if he had died of a fever or of the small pox, of old age, or of anything else? -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	The Christian religion is a parody on the worship of the sun, in which they put a man called Christ in the place of the sun, and pay him the adoration originally payed to the sun. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	The Christian theory is little else than the idolatry of the ancient mythologists, accommodated to the purposes of power and revenue; and it yet remains to reason and philosophy to abolish the amphibious fraud. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	The Constitution admittedly has a few defects and blemishes, but it still seems a hell of a lot better than the system we have now. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The English have all the material requisites for the revolution. What they lack is the spirit of generalization and revolutionary ardour. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The Fuhrer alone is the present and future German reality and its law. Learn to know ever more deeply: from now on every single thing demands decision, and every action responsibility. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	The German language speaks Being, while all the others merely speak of Being. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	The Grail is the womb of the beloved. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 1 Chronicles: Hold on, back up. Remember David from earlier? Really good king. Anyway, sorry to interrupt. Continue.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 1 John: To Whom It May Concern, YES, God REALLY came down and was REALLY made of meat the entire time, and I don’t want to catch anyone saying otherwise. - JOHN
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 1 Timothy: Dear Timothy, Some rules for your church: There is exactly one God. Not one, or two, or three. Okay? Also, don’t start one of those hippie vegetarian deals. We get mocked enough as it is. Yours, Paul
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Chronicles: The Northern kingdom crapped out and got conquered, so let’s focus on the Southern Kingdom, which also crapped out and got conquered. Everyone moves to Jerusalem, which seemed like a good idea at the time.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 John: Dear Lady, Can you believe these people who think God was never in the flesh? They are anti-Christ, so don’t have any of them over for dinner, all right? TTYL, John
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Kings: The northern chunk of the kingdom gets conquered for being bad. The southern chunk people feel pretty self-righteous about it, but then the same thing happens to them.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Samuel: David kills a bunch of people, which is great, but then he sleeps with a married woman, and WOW is God mad about that. On the plus side, they have a kid named Solomon.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Thessalonians: Dear Thessalonians, I know, we’re all hoping Jesus comes back soon. But, the fact of the matter is that we haven’t even seen the anti-Christ yet. So, sit tight, OKAY? Very Sincerely, Paul
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 2 Timothy: Dear Timothy, Listen, I got out of jail, but then Nero picked me up, and man, the accommodations here are a lot more dungeon-y. Be good and do good and all that stuff, and would it kill you to visit? Yours, Paul
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Amos: Amos becomes, like, the 14,000th prophet to note that Israel is making God mad and when you make God mad things go bad.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Colossians: Dear Colossians, No, NO, NO. Jesus is the real God. No other Gods. GOT IT? JEEZ. Please find the attached notes on living properly, which I also sent to the Ephesians. Very Sincerely, Paul
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Deuteronomy: Moses makes a big list of what you aren’t allowed to do, then up and dies on everyone.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Ecclesiastes: The great wise man and king, Koheleth, wants you to know that he has literally had every pleasure desireable, but he still has a lot of complaints.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Esther: Esther marries the Persian king. Normally, this would be bad on the “no marrying outside the faith” front, but it all works out when she can get a guy hung for trying to kill all the Jews.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Exodus: Pharaoh tried to kill the Hebrews, but he blew it, so they left, and then everyone accidentally worshipped a cow.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Ezekiel: God tells Ezekiel to tell the Israelites that it’s their fault Jerusalem got destroyed, but he’ll get them a nicer town later, okay?
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Galatians: Dear Galatians, I am the only one who talks for God. That’s our arrangement, OKAY? If someone else says he’s talking for God, he’s full of it. Very Sincerely, Paul
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Genesis: God made everything, but humans keep screwing it up; some Jews move to Egypt, which seemed like a good idea at the time.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Habakkuk: Habakkuk, in a stroke of wild creative genius, prophesies doom for the faithless.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Haggai: Haggai prophesies that everyone better hurry up and build the temple, or bad stuff will happen in Israel. Change that “or” to “and,” and he was 100% correct.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Hebrews: Dear Hebrews, JESUS IS THE BEST! JESUS IS IMMUTABLE! BETTER THAN MOSES! BETTER THAN A REALLY SWEET SWORD! -Anonymous
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Isaiah: Things are going right to Hell in Judea. Isaiah declares that Jerusalem will not fall, but hedges his bets a little by not attaching a time stamp to that. Similarly, he says that at some point the Messiah will come.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Job: The devil bets God that Job is only faithful because his life is good. God makes Job sick, ruins his farm, and kills his family. Later, Job is miffed, so God scolds him.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Joel: During a plague of locusts, Joel prophesies that the locusts are the army of God. And, if the people of Israel will repent, they will receive great rewards, like an end to the locusts.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness John: Not only are those other three gospels ALL TRUE, but Jesus did so much awesome stuff, John doesn’t even have time to list it. Amen!
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Jonah: Jonah doesn’t want to be a prophet, so God has him eaten by a whale. At this point, Jonah changes his mind and God has the whale puke him up. Jonah cooperates, but remains irritated.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Joshua: Joshua and the Israelites kill, enslave, and conquer a bunch of people, at which point Joshua gives a lecture on the importance of rule-following.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Jude: To Everyone Doing it Right, Can you believe these people doing it wrong? You know, there were people in the Old Testament who did it wrong, and we all saw what happened to them. Yeah. Sincerely, Jude
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Judges: The Israelites keep mucking things up in the Promised land, though they had some solid judges there for a while.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Lamentations: Interlude: Some sad songs about how God was right to let the Babylonians siege, starve, and destroy Jerusalem. We don’t have the musical score, but hopefully it was upbeat.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Luke: NO, NO, WAIT, JESUS IS EVEN A BIGGER BADASS THAN IN MARK. This one time they crucified him, and he didn’t even NOTICE.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Malachi: Malachi decries the Israelites for horrible practices, such as sacrificing animals that are not top quality. He prophesies that the Messiah will be courteous and send word before he shows up.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Mark: Basically Matthew’s Gospel, but with less boring, more ACTION, and your choice of two endings!
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Matthew: Hey, the Messiah’s here! He’s got a heck of a pedigree, gives a great speech, and this one time they killed him BUT HE CAME RIGHT BACK.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Micah: Having enjoyed that story about a whale, we return to another book about a prophet who says doom is coming to Israel.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Nahum: For variety’s sake, Nahum prophesies the doom of Nineveh.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Nehemiah: Nehemiah builds a wall around Jerusalem for cheap by getting each guy to make some wall behind his house. Later, Jewish men start getting with pagans again.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Numbers: People talk smack about God and get punished, then people talk smack about Moses and get punished, then Moses refuses to talk to a rock and gets punished; Hebrews kill their way into the promised land.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Obadiah: Edom is ruled as a vassal state of Israel for many years. Later, when the Babylonians attacks Jerusalem, the Edomites don’t help fight them off. For this, prophecies Obadiah, they will be punished.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Philippians: Dear Philippians, Thank you for your continued support. I can only hope that you too are lucky enough to suffer as much torment as I have, in service of The Lord. Christianly, Paul
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Proverbs: DO do good stuff. DON’T do bad stuff. And for God’s sake, LISTEN every now and then.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Psalms: ( singing ) God is great! God is great! Super great! Couple times he really let things go to hell, BUT that’s probably ‘cause of something we did, SO God is great! God is great! Super great!
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Ruth: Ruth’s husband dies, so she moves in with her mother-in-law. Later, she meets a nice man in a wheat field, so it all works out.
wisdom	sfw	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Zephaniah: Zephaniah - presumably giving in to peer pressure among the prophet crowd - prophesies doom for the faithless.
wisdom	sfw	The House of Commons did not originate as a matter of right in the people to delegate or elect, but as a grant or boon. -- Thomas Paine, The Rights Of Man
wisdom	sfw	The Right's view of government and the Left's view of big business are both correct. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The SubGenius must have Slack!
wisdom	sfw	The SubGenius must have Slack.
wisdom	sfw	The Universal view melts things into a blur. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	The World is my country, all mankind are my brethren, and to do good is my religion. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	The abandoned infant's cry is rage, not fear. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The abjection of our political situation is the only true challenge today. Only facing up to this situation in all its desperation can help us get out of it. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	The absurd depends as much on man as on the world. For the moment, it is all that links them together. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The almost insoluble task is to let neither the power of others, nor our own powerlessness, stupefy us. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The artist forges himself to the others, midway between the beauty he cannot do without and the community he cannot tear himself away from. That is why true artists scorn nothing: they are obliged to understand rather than to judge. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The artist is the person who invents the means to bridge between biological inheritance and the environments created by technological innovation. ~ Marhsall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The average is that which no person quite ever is. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The basic fact about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore. It is not so much a war as an endless standing in line. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The basic technique of all my books. Ontology is the study of being; the guerrilla approach is to so mix the elements of each book that the reader must decide on each page 'How much of this is real and how much is a put-on?'" ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The best work is not what is most difficult for you; it is what you do best. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	The boarding-school experience in Paris was very hard, I didn't put up with it very well. I was sick all the time, or in any case frail, on the edge of a nervous breakdown. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	The border between the Real and the Unreal is not fixed, but just marks the last place where rival gangs of shamans fought each other to a standstill. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The business of the advertiser is to see that we go about our business with some magic spell or tune or slogan throbbing quietly in the background of our minds. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The capacity of human beings to bore one another seems to be vastly greater than that of any other animal. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The capital phenomenon, the most catastrophic disaster, is uninterrupted sleeplessness, that nothingness without release. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	The car has become the carapace, the protective and aggressive shell, of urban and suburban man. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The cause of America is in a great measure the cause of all mankind. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	The cause of America is in a great measure the cause of all mankind. Many circumstances have, and will arise, which are not local, but universal, -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	The cause of America is in great measure the cause of all mankind. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	The chief contribution of Protestantism to human thought is its massive proof that God is a bore. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The chief value of money lies in the fact that one lives in a world in which it is overestimated. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The christian religion is a parody on the worship of the Sun, in which they put a man whom they call Christ, in the place of the Sun, and pay him the same adoration which was originally paid to the Sun. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	The christian religion is a parody on the worship of the Sun, in which they put a man whom they call Christ, in the place of the Sun, and pay him the same adoration which was originally paid to the Sun. [An Essay on the Origin of Free-Masonry] -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	The circle of the return to birth can only remain open, but this is a chance, a sign of life, and a wound. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	The circumstances of the world are continually changing, and the opinions of men change also; and as government is for the living, and not for the dead, it is the living only that has any right in it. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	The common argument that crime is caused by poverty is a kind of slander on the poor. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The common behavior of mankind is the system of reference by means of which we interpret an unknown language. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	The connection between vice and meanness is a fit subject for satire, but when the satire is a fact, it cuts with the irresistible power of a diamond. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	The country that is more developed industrially only shows, to the less developed, the image of its own future. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The coward wretch whose hand and heart Can bear to torture aught below, Is ever first to quail and start From the slightest pain or equal foe. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The criterion for free choice can never be an absolute one, but neither is it entirely relative. ~ Herbert Marcuse
wisdom	sfw	The culture industry not so much adapts to the reactions of its customers as it counterfeits them. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The current rampages of territorial-emotional pugnacity sweeping this planet are not just another civilization failing … They are the birth-pangs of a cosmic Prometheus rising out of the long nightmare of domesticated primate history. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The cynics are right nine times out of ten. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The day when I am no more than a writer I shall cease to be a writer. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The defects of every government and constitution both as to principle and form, must, on a parity of reasoning, be as open to discussion as the defects of a law, and it is a duty which every man owes to society to point them out. -- Thomas Paine, The Rights Of Man
wisdom	sfw	The degree of one's emotions varies inversely with one's knowledge of the facts. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The demand for certainty is one which is natural to man, but is nevertheless an intellectual vice. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The desire for possession is insatiable, to such a point that it can survive even love itself. To love, therefore, is to sterilize the person one loves. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The desire to die was my one and only concern; to it I have sacrificed everything, even death. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	The development of civilization and industry in general has always shown itself so active in the destruction of forests that everything that has been done for their conservation and production is completely insignificant in comparison. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The dicks you can't see are always longer. (1957, in his cups in a bar after discovering his wife Connie had been having an affair.) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
wisdom	sfw	The difference between a moral man and a man of honor is that the latter regrets a discreditable act, even when it has worked and he has not been caught. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The difference between a republican and a courtier with respect to monarchy, is that the one opposes monarchy, believing it to be something; and the other laughs at it, knowing it to be nothing. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	The difference between people and ideas is... only superficial. ~ Richard Rorty
wisdom	sfw	The difficulty for most of us in the modern world is that the old-fashioned idea of God has become incredible or implausible. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	The duty of a true Patriot is to protect his country from its government. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	The ego is nothing other than the focus of conscious attention. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	The evil that is in the world almost always comes of ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence if they lack understanding. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The existentialist says at once that man is anguish. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	The eye accustomed to darkness can hardly bear at first the broad daylight. It is by usage the eye learns to see, and it is the same in passing from any situation to its opposite. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	The face is the soul of the body. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	The fact that an opinion has been widely held is no evidence whatever that it is not utterly absurd. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live - moreover, the only one. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	The familiar material objects may not be all that is real, but they are admirable examples. ~ Willard Van Orman Quine
wisdom	sfw	The fanatic is incorruptible: if he kills for an idea, he can just as well get himself killed for one; in either case, tyrant or martyr, he is a monster. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	The fear of being deceived is the vulgar version of the quest for Truth. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	The first and only principle of sexual ethics: the accuser is always in the wrong. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The first problem of the media is posed by what does not get translated, or even published in the dominant political languages. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	The first requisite for the happiness of the people is the abolition of religion. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The function of Theology? The recitation of the incomprehensible by the unspeakable to pick the pockets of the unthinking. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The function of prayer is not to influence God, but rather to change the nature of the one who prays. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	The fundamental concept in social science is Power, in the same sense in which Energy is the fundamental concept in physics. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The fundamental defect of fathers, in our competitive society, is that they want their children to be a credit to them. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The gods had condemned Sisyphus to ceaselessly rolling a rock to the top of a mountain, whence the stone would fall back of its own weight. They had thought with some reason that there is no more dreadful punishment than futile and hopeless labor. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The gods look in pleasure on penitent sinners. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The good man is he who rules himself as he does his own property: his autonomous being is modelled on material power. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The great person is ahead of their time, the smart make something out of it, and the blockhead, sets themselves against it. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	The greatest remedy for anger is delay. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	The guilt of a government is the crime of a whole country; -- Thomas Paine, The Writings of -- Thomas Paine 1 1774-79
wisdom	sfw	The harder the conflict the more glorious the triumph. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	The harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly; it is dearness only that gives everything its value. I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress and grow. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	The hardest hit, as everywhere, are those who have no choice. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The highest and most beautiful things in life are not to be heard about, nor read about, nor seen but, if one will, are to be lived. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	The history of all previous societies has been the history of class struggles. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The human being is in the most literal sense a political animal, not merely a gregarious animal, but an animal which can individuate itself only in the midst of society. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The human being is not the lord of beings, but the shepherd of Being. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	The human body is essentially something other than an animal organism. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	The human body is the best picture of the human soul. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	The human is indissolubly linked with imitation: a human being only becomes human at all by imitating other human beings. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The ideas of the ruling class are in every epoch the ruling ideas, i.e., the class which is the ruling material force of society, is at the same time its ruling intellectual force. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The individual act of obedience is the cornerstone not only of the strength of authoritarian society but also of its weakness. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The individual mirrors in his individuation the preordained social laws of exploitation, however mediated. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The infliction of cruelty with a good conscience is a delight to moralists. That is why they invented Hell. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The intimacy which is contracted in infancy, and the friendship which is formed in misfortune, are, of all others, the most lasting and unalterable. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	The joke of our time is the suicide of intention. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The laws of every country must be analogous to some common principle. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	The least fracture now will be like a name engraved with the point of a pin on the tender rind of a young oak; the wound will enlarge with the tree, and posterity read it in full grown characters. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	The limit of every pain is an even greater pain. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	The limits of my language means the limits of my world. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	The line, the continuum -this sentence is a great example- became the organizing principle of life. 'As we begin, so shall we go.' 'Rationality' and logic came to depend the presentation of connected and sequential facts or concepts. ~ Marhsall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The logic of the world is prior to all truth and falsehood. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	The longer one is alone, the easier it is to hear the song of the earth. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The love of "Bob" can kill normals. ~ Rev. Ivan Stang, "The Rant of Ivan Stang Nov. 9, 1985" 3.46
wisdom	sfw	The man for whom time stretches out painfully is one waiting in vain, disappointed at not finding tomorrow already continuing yesterday. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The man who can centre his thoughts and hopes upon something transcending self can find a certain peace in the ordinary troubles of life, which is impossible to the pure egoist. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The mark of our time is its revulsion against imposed patterns. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The meaning of peace is the absence of opposition to socialism. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The medium is the message. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The mind is the result of the torments the flesh undergoes or inflicts upon itself. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	The mind once enlightened cannot again become dark. -- Thomas Paine, A Letter Addressed to the Abbe Raynal on the Affairs of North America
wisdom	sfw	The modern Little Red Riding Hood, reared on singing commercials, has no objection to being eaten by the wolf. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The modern mind is in complete disarray. Knowledge has stretched itself to the point where neither the world nor our intelligence can find any foot-hold. It is a fact that we are suffering from nihilism. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The moralist is the person who tells people that they ought to be unselfish, when they still feel like egos, and his efforts are always and invariably futile. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	The more men have to lose, the less willing are they to venture. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	The more men have to lose, the less willing are they to venture. The rich are in general slaves to fear, and submit to courtly power with the trembling duplicity of a Spaniel. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	The more the data banks record about each one of us, the less we exist. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The more the division of labor and the application of machinery extend, the more does competition extend among the workers, the more do their wages shrink together. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The more we try to rest ourselves from our Egos, the deeper we sink into it. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	The most costly of all follies is to believe passionately in the palpably not true. It is the chief occupation of mankind. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The most dangerous man to any government is the man who is able to think things out... without regard to the prevailing superstitions and taboos. Almost inevitably he comes to the conclusion that the government he lives under is dishonest, insane, intolerable. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The most effectual process is that of improving the condition of man by means of his interest. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is Reason. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	The most formidable weapon against errors of every kind is reason. I have never used any other, and I trust I never shall. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	The most powerful person is he who is able to do least himself and burden others most with the things for which he lends his name and pockets the credit. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The most savage controversies are about matters as to which there is no good evidence either way. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The myth of unlimited production brings war in its train as inevitably as clouds announce a storm. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The myths underlying our culture and underlying our common sense have not taught us to feel identical with the universe, but only parts of it, only in it, only confronting it - aliens. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	The name of a man is a numbing blow from which he never recovers. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The need to be right is the sign of a vulgar mind. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The new electronic independence re-creates the world in the image of a global village. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The new media are not bridges between man and nature; they are nature. ~ Marhsall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The news automatically becomes the real world for the TV user and is not a substitute for reality, but is itself an immediate reality. ~ Marhsall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The observer, when he seems to himself to be observing a stone, is really, if physics is to be believed, observing the effects of the stone upon himself. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The obsession with suicide is characteristic of the man who can neither live nor die, and whose attention never swerves from this double impossibility. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	The older I grow the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The one permanent emotion of the inferior man is fear - fear of the unknown, the complex, the inexplicable. What he wants above everything else is safety. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The only antidote to mental suffering is physical pain. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The only cure for contempt is counter-contempt. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The only real progress lies in learning to be wrong all alone. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The only really committed artist is he who, without refusing to take part in the combat, at least refuses to join the regular armies and remains a freelance. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The only really happy folk are married women and single men. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The only thing that will redeem mankind is cooperation. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The only way to make sense out of change is to plunge into it, move with it, and join the dance. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	The opera is to music what a bawdy house is to a cathedral. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The order of the world is always right - such is the judgment of God. For God has departed, but he has left his judgment behind, the way the Cheshire Cat left his grin. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	The paradox is really the pathos of intellectual life and just as only great souls are exposed to passions it is only the great thinker who is exposed to what I call paradoxes, which are nothing else than grandiose thoughts in embryo. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	The path up is the path down. The way forward is the way back. The universe inside is outside but the universe outside is inside. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The penalty for laughing in a courtroom is six months in jail; if it were not for this penalty, the jury would never hear the evidence. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The people recognize themselves in their commodities; they find their soul in their automobile, hi-fi set, split-level home, kitchen equipment. ~ Herbert Marcuse
wisdom	sfw	The photograph reverses the purpose of travel, which until now had been to encounter the strange and unfamiliar. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The place of the father in the modern suburban family is a very small one, particularly if he plays golf. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The pleasure of work is open to anyone who can develop some specialised skill, provided that he can get satisfaction from the exercise of his skill without demanding universal applause. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The point of philosophy is to start with something so simple as not to seem worth stating, and to end with something so paradoxical that no one will believe it. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The poor are prevented from thinking by the discipline of others, the rich by their own. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The poor don't know that their function in life is to exercise our generosity. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	The poor, in all countries, are naturally both peaceable and grateful in all reforms in which their interest and happiness is included. It is only by neglecting and rejecting them that they become tumultuous. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	The possible ranks higher than the actual. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	The prejudice of Englishmen, in favour of their own government by king, lords and commons, arises as much or more from national pride than reason. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	The printing press was at first mistaken for an engine of immortality by everybody except Shakespeare. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The product of mental labor - science - always stands far below its value, because the labor-time necessary to reproduce it has no relation at all to the labor-time required for its original production. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The production of too many useful things results in too many useless people. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The proletariat uses the State not in the interests of freedom but in order to hold down its adversaries, and as soon as it becomes possible to speak of freedom the State as such ceases to exist. ~ Friedrich Engels
wisdom	sfw	The range of choice open to the individual is not the decisive factor in determining the degree of human freedom, but what can be chosen and what is chosen by the individual. ~ Herbert Marcuse
wisdom	sfw	The real discovery is the one which enables me to stop doing philosophy when I want to. The one that gives philosophy peace, so that it is no longer tormented by questions which bring itself into question. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	The real passion of the twentieth century is servitude. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The real role of the Church of the SubGenius is to completely destroy the Conspiracy of the Normals. But don't repeat that, ever. (July 1953) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
wisdom	sfw	The reason we have poverty is that we have no imagination. There are a great many people accumulating what they think is vast wealth, but it's only money... they don't know how to enjoy it, because they have no imagination. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	The reason we want to go on and on is because we live in an impoverished present. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	The recent past always presents itself as if destroyed by catastrophes. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The religious idea of God cannot do full duty for the metaphysical infinity. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	The rich will do anything for the poor but get off their backs. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The right of war and peace is in the nation. where else should it reside but in those who are to pay the expense? -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	The role of the intellectual cannot be to excuse the violence of one side and condemn that of the other. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The ruling ideas of each age have ever been the ideas of its ruling class. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The sad thing about artificial intelligence is that it lacks artifice and therefore intelligence. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	The scientist rigorously defends his right to be ignorant of almost everything except his specialty. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The secret of happiness is this: let your interests be as wide as possible, and let your reactions to the things and persons that interest you be as far as possible friendly rather than hostile. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The secret to happiness is to face the fact that the world is horrible. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The slave is doomed to worship time and fate and death, because they are greater than anything he finds in himself, and because all his thoughts are of things which they devour. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The society based on production is only productive, not creative. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The specific is not exclusive: it lacks the aspiration to totality. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The splinter in your eye is the best magnifying-glass. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The spoken word was the first technology by which man was able to let go of his environment in order to grasp it in a new way. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The state is not abolished, it withers away. ~ Friedrich Engels
wisdom	sfw	The state is nothing but an instrument of opression of one class by another - no less so in a democratic republic than in a monarchy. ~ Friedrich Engels
wisdom	sfw	The state of a king shuts him from the world, yet the business of a king requires him to know it thoroughly; -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	The strength of one man is so unequal to his wants, and his mind so unfitted for perpetual solitude, that he is soon obliged to seek assistance and relief of another, who in his turn requires the same -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense, The Rights of Man and Other Essential Writings
wisdom	sfw	The struggle itself towards the heights is enough to fill a man's heart. One must imagine Sisyphus happy. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The stupider it looks, the more important it probably is.
wisdom	sfw	The style of God venerated in the church, mosque, or synagogue seems completely different from the style of the natural universe. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	The suddenness of the leap from hardware to software cannot but produce a period of anarchy and collapse, especially in the developed countries. ~ Marhsall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	The sun never shined on a cause of greater worth Thomas paine
wisdom	sfw	The task of art today is to bring chaos into order. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The task of the solitary man is to be even more solitary. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	The theoretical understanding of the world, which is the aim of philosophy, is not a matter of great practical importance to animals, or to savages, or even to most civilised men. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The theory of Communism may be summed up in one sentence: Abolish all private property. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The theory seems to be that as long as a man is a failure he is one of God's children, but that as soon as he succeeds he is taken over by the Devil. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The totally convinced and the totally stupid have too much in common for the resemblance to be accidental. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense of being more than Man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is to be found in mathematics as surely as poetry. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The tyrant dies and his rule is over, the martyr dies and his rule begins. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	The universe may have a purpose, but nothing we know suggests that, if so, this purpose has any similarity to ours. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The urge to save humanity is almost always a false front for the urge to rule. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The usual picture of Socrates is of an ugly little plebeian who inspired a handsome young nobleman to write long dialogues on large topics. ~ Richard Rorty
wisdom	sfw	The very definition of the real becomes: that of which it is possible to give an equivalent reproduction. The real is not only what can be reproduced, but that which is always already reproduced. The hyper real. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	The web of domination has become the web of Reason itself, and this society is fatally entangled in it. ~ Herbert Marcuse
wisdom	sfw	The web of life is a beautiful and meaningless dance. The web of life is a process with a moving goal. The web of life is a perfectly finished work of art right where I am sitting now. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The welfare of the people in particular has always been the alibi of tyrants. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The whole aim of practical politics is to keep the populace alarmed (and hence clamorous to be led to safety) by menacing it with an endless series of hobgoblins, all of them imaginary. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The whole is the false. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The whole religious complexion of the modern world is due to the absence from Jerusalem of a lunatic asylum. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	The wise, and the worthy, need not the triumph of a pamphlet; -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	The worker of the world has nothing to lose, but their chains, workers of the world unite. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The world does not speak. Only we do. The world can, once we have programmed ourselves with a language, cause us to hold beliefs. But it cannot propose a language for us to speak. Only other human beings can do that. ~ Richard Rorty
wisdom	sfw	The world ends tomorrow and you may die!
wisdom	sfw	The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	The world is independent of my will. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	The world is my country, mankind are my friends, to do good is my religion. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	The world is never quiet, even its silence eternally resounds with the same notes, in vibrations which escape our ears. As for those that we perceive, they carry sounds to us, occasionally a chord, never a melody. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	The world is not dialectical - it is sworn to extremes, not to equilibrium, sworn to radical antagonism, not to reconciliation or synthesis. This is also the principle of evil. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	The world is the totality of facts, not of things. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	The worst government is often the most moral. One composed of cynics is often very tolerant and humane. But when fanatics are on top there is no limit to oppression. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	The worst that can happen under monarchy is rule by a single imbecile, but democracy often means the rule by an assembly of three or four hundred imbeciles. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	The writer may very well serve a movement of history as its mouthpiece, but he cannot of course create it. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	The writer must earn money in order to be able to live and to write, but he must by no means live and write for the purpose of making money. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Theology is the effort to explain the unknowable in terms of the not worth knowing. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	There IS no God — but if you're any kind of real American, you'll demand that He treat you as an EQUAL.
wisdom	sfw	There IS no God — but if you're any kind of real American, you'll demand that He treat you as an EQUAL. ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs (Revelation X: The "Bob" Apocryphon, said to a child in 1956 at the dedication of the first Home for Slackless Children)
wisdom	sfw	There are gods, but there is no God; and all gods become devils eventually. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	There are injuries which nature cannot forgive; she would cease to be nature if she did. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	There are men so philosophical that they can see humor in their own toothaches. But there has never lived a man so philosophical that he could see the toothache in his own humor. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	There are no passengers on spaceship earth. We are all crew. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	There are periods of history when the visions of madmen and dope fiends are a better guide to reality than the common-sense interpretation of data available to the so-called normal mind. This is one such period, if you haven't noticed already. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	There are remarks that sow and remarks that reap. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	There are two kinds of people in the world: those who say, "There are two kinds of people in the world: those who say there are two kinds of people in the world, and the other kind," and there's who don't say. Well, then there's me.
wisdom	sfw	There are two types of poor people, those who are poor together and those who are poor alone. The first are the true poor, the others are rich people out of luck. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	There are, as is known, insects that die in the moment of fertilization. So it is with all joy: life's highest, most splendid moment of enjoyment is accompanied by death. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	There exists in man a mass of sense lying in a dormant state, and which, unless something excites it to action, will descend with him, in that condition,to the grave. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	There exists, between people in love, a kind of capital held by each. This is not just a stock of affects or pleasure, but also the possibility of playing double or quits with the share you hold in the other's heart. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	There is a saying in Baltimore that crabs may be prepared in fifty ways and that all of them are good. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	There is a specter haunting Europe, the specter of Communism. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	There is absolutely nothing that can be taken for granted in this world. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	There is always an easy solution to every problem - neat, plausible, and wrong. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	There is but one truly serious philosophical problem and that is suicide. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	There is in me an anarchy and frightful disorder. Creating makes me die a thousand deaths, because it means making order, and my entire being rebels against order. But without it I would die, scattered to the winds. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	There is much pleasure to be gained from useless knowledge. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	There is no aphrodisiac like innocence. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	There is no complete theory of anything. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	There is no fate that cannot be surmounted by scorn. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	There is no history of mankind, there are only many histories of all kinds of aspects of human life. And one of these is the history of political power. This is elevated into the history of the world. ~ Karl Popper
wisdom	sfw	There is no love of life without despair of life. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	There is no love that is not an echo. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	There is no means of proving it is preferable to be than not to be. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	There is no need to worry about mere size. We do not necessarily respect a fat man more than a thin man. Sir Isaac Newton was very much smaller than a hippopotamus, but we do not on that account value him less. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves. ~ Richard Rorty
wisdom	sfw	There is nothing funny about Halloween. This sarcastic festival reflects, rather, an infernal demand for revenge by children on the adult world. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	There is nothing more mysterious than a TV set left on in an empty room. It is even stranger than a man talking to himself or a woman standing dreaming at her stove. It is as if another planet is communicating with you. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	There is nothing with which every man is so afraid as getting to know how enormously much he is capable of doing and becoming. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	There is only one day left, always starting over: it is given to us at dawn and taken away from us at dusk. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	There is something feeble and a little contemptible about a man who cannot face the perils of life without the help of comfortable myths. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	There is something in a war carried on by invasion which makes it differ in circumstances from any other mode of war, because he who conducts it cannot tell whether the ground he gains be for him, or against him, when her first obtains it. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	There is something in meanness which excites a species of resentment that never subsides, and something in cruelty which stirs up the heart to the highest agony of human hatred. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	There is the good and the bad, the great and the low, the just and the unjust. I swear to you that all that will never change. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	There never yet was any truth or principle so irresistibly obvious, that all men believed it at once. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man, Common Sense and Other Political Writings
wisdom	sfw	There will be no lasting peace either in the heart of individuals or in social customs until death is outlawed. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	These are the times that try men's souls. -- Thomas Paine, The American Crisis
wisdom	sfw	These critics organize and practice in my case a sort of obsessive personality cult which philosophers should know how to question and above all, to moderate. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	These years of the Ecole Normale were an ordeal. Nothing was handed to me on the first try. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	They may be Pink, but their money's still green!
wisdom	sfw	Things are as they are. Looking out into it the universe at night, we make no comparisons between right and wrong stars, nor between well and badly arranged constellations. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	Thinking begins only when we have come to know that reason, glorified for centuries, is the stiff-necked adversary of thought. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Thinking no longer means anymore than checking at each moment whether one can indeed think. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	This "Church of the SubGenius" is the best scam I ever pulled!
wisdom	sfw	This "Church of the SubGenius" is the best scam I ever pulled.
wisdom	sfw	This sort of absurd subterfuge, and this manner of speaking of the Almighty, as one would speak of a man, is consistent with nothing but the stupidity of the Bible. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	Those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom, must, like men, undergo the fatigues of supporting it. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Those who forget good and evil and seek only to know the facts are more likely to achieve good than those who view the world through the distorting medium of their own desires. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Those who have never known the deep intimacy and the intense companionship of mutual love have missed the best thing that life has to give. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Those who live always in houses can find many ways to keep themselves warm, but it is a shame and a sin to suffer a soldier in the field to want a blanket while there is one in the country. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	Those who promise us paradise on earth never produced anything but a hell. ~ Karl Popper
wisdom	sfw	Those who weep for the happy periods which they encounter in history acknowledge what they want; not the alleviation but the silencing of misery. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Those who write clearly have readers, those who write obscurely have commentators. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Though age will naturally exempt a person from personal service, it cannot exempt him from his share of the charge, because the men are raised for the defence of property and liberty jointly. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	Thought is subversive and revolutionary, destructive and terrible, Thought is merciless to privilege, established institutions, and comfortable habit. Thought is great and swift and free. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Time is not a thing, thus nothing which is, and yet it remains constant in its passing away without being something temporal like the beings in time. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Time makes more converts than reason. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Time stays, we go. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Time-space as commonly understood, in the sense of the distance measured between two time-points, is the result of time calculation. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Tis the business of little minds to shrink; but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis, #1
wisdom	sfw	Tm kinat dzenleyen ve yneten ilkeler gibi her bilimin de sabit ve deitirilemez ilkeleri vardr. nsan bu ilkeleri yapamaz ancak onlar kefedebilir. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason and Other Works
wisdom	sfw	To Live signifies to believe and hope - to lie and to lie to oneself. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	To abandon oneself to principles is really to die - and to die for an impossible love which is the contrary of love. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	To acquire immunity to eloquence is of the utmost importance to the citizens of a democracy. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	To act is to anchor in an imminent future, so imminent it becomes almost tangible; to act is to feel you are consubstantial with that future. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	To argue with a man who has renounced the use and authority of reason, and whose philosophy consists in holding humanity in contempt, is like administering medicine to the dead, or endeavoring to convert an atheist by scripture. -- Thomas Paine, The American Crisis
wisdom	sfw	To argue with a man who has renounced the use of reason is like administering medicine to the dead. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	To argue with a person who has renounced the use of reason is like administering medicine to the dead. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	To assert in any case that a man must be absolutely cut off from society because he is absolutely evil amounts to saying that society is absolutely good, and no-one in his right mind will believe this today. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	To be famous, in fact, one has only to kill one's landlady. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	To be happy we must not be too concerned with others. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	To be in love is merely to be in a state of perceptual anesthesia - to mistake an ordinary young woman for a goddess. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	To be is to be the value of a variable. ~ Willard Van Orman Quine
wisdom	sfw	To be without some of the things you want is an indispensable part of happiness. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	To believe that God created a plurality of worlds, at least as numerous as what we call stars, renders the Christian faith at once little and ridiculous; and scatters it in the mind like feathers in the air. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	To conquer fear is the beginning of wisdom. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	To correct a natural indifference I was placed half-way between misery and the sun. Misery kept me from believing that all was well under the sun, and the sun taught me that history wasn't everything. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	To dare is to lose one's footing momentarily. Not to dare is to lose oneself. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	To die for an idea; it is unquestionably noble. But how much nobler it would be if men died for ideas that were true! -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	To dwell is to garden. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	To eat is to appropriate by destruction. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	To exist is a habit I do not despair of acquiring. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	To govern means to pillage, as everyone knows. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	To insure the adoration of a theorem for any length of time, faith is not enough, a police force is needed as well. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	To know oneself, one should assert oneself. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	To love someone is to isolate him from the world, wipe out every trace of him, dispossess him of his shadow, drag him into a murderous future. It is to circle around the other like a dead star and absorb him into a black light. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	To pretend, I actually do the thing: I have therefore only pretended to pretend. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	To reason with goverments, as they have existed for ages, is to argue with brutes. It is only from the nations themselves that reforms can be expected -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	To reason with governments, as they have existed for ages, is to argue with brutes. It is only from the nations themselves that reforms can be expected. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	To say 'we' and mean 'I' is one of the most recondite insults. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	To teach how to live without certainty and yet without being paralysed by hesitation is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy, in our age, can do for those who study it. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	To think Being itself explicitly requires disregarding Being to the extent that it is only grounded and interpreted in terms of beings and for beings as their ground, as in all metaphysics. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	To understand a name you must be acquainted with the particular of which it is a name. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	To unite the sinews of commerce and defence is sound policy; for when our strength and our riches, play into each other's hand, we need fear no external enemy. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	To venture upon an undertaking of any kind, even the most insignificant, is to sacrifice to envy. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	To want fame is to prefer dying scorned than forgotten. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Today it is not the classroom nor the classics which are the repositories of models of eloquence, but the ad agencies. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Today self-consciousness no longer means anything but reflection on the ego as embarrassment, as realization of impotence: knowing that one is nothing. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Today the tyrant rules not by club or fist, but disguised as a market researcher, he shepherds his flocks in the ways of utility and comfort. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Today we are beginning to notice that the new media are not just mechanical gimmicks for creating worlds of illusion, but new languages with new and unique powers of expression. ~ Marhsall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Toho, co snadno zskme, si pli nevme. Pouze to, o co musme usilovat, m skutenou hodnotu. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	Tolerance - the function of an extinguished ardor - tolerance cannot seduce the young. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Too many have dispensed with generosity in order to practice charity. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Too much is always better than not enough!
wisdom	sfw	Top 10 ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Top 10 ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	Top 10 ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Torment, for some men, is a need, an appetite, and an accomplishment. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Total war is no longer war waged by all members of one national community against all those of another. It is total... because it may well involve the whole world. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Transcendence constitutes selfhood. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Trouble is the common denominator of living. It is the great equalizer. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	True thoughts are those alone which do not understand themselves. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	True time is four-dimensional. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Truly fertile Music, the only kind that will move us, that we shall truly appreciate, will be a Music conducive to Dream, which banishes all reason and analysis. One must not wish first to understand and then to feel. Art does not tolerate Reason. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Truth is inseperable from the illusory belief that from the figures of the unreal one day, in spite of all, real deliverance will come. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Truth is mysterious, elusive, always to be conquered. Liberty is dangerous, as hard to live with as it is elating. We must march toward these two goals, painfully but resolutely, certain in advance of our failings on so long a road. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Truth is simply a compliment paid to sentences seen to be paying their way. ~ Richard Rorty
wisdom	sfw	Truth, like light, blinds. Falsehood, on the contrary, is a beautiful twilight that enhances every object. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Truths begin by a conflict with the police - and end by calling them in. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	Tyranny, like hell, is not easily conquered; yet we have this consolation with us, that the harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph payne thomas
wisdom	sfw	Tyranny, like hell, is not easily conquered; yet we have this consolation with us, that the harder the conflict, the more glorious the triumph. -- Thomas Paine, The American Crisis
wisdom	sfw	Uncritical semantics is the myth of a museum in which the exhibits are meanings and the words are labels. To switch languages is to change the labels. ~ Willard Van Orman Quine
wisdom	sfw	Under each formula lies a corpse. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Under the rule of a repressive whole, liberty can be made into a powerful instrument of domination. ~ Herbert Marcuse
wisdom	sfw	Unquestionably, there is progress. The average American now pays out twice as much in taxes as he formerly got in wages. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Until writing was invented, man lived in acoustic space: boundless, directionless, horizonless, in the dark of the mind, in the world of emotion... ~ Marhsall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Uttering a word is like striking a note on the keyboard of the imagination. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Uydurma olmayan ve iinde zgn ilahiliin tm kantlarn barndran tek din saf ve basit deizmdir -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason and Other Works
wisdom	sfw	Violence is both unavoidable and unjustifiable. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Virtue cannot separate itself from reality without becoming a principle of evil. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Virtue is not hereditary. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	WHEREFORE, security being the true design and end of government, it unanswerably follows that whatever FORM thereof appears most likely to ensure it to us, with the least expence and greatest benefit, is preferable to all others. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	WHO DIED AND MADE YOU GOD? (ibid) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
wisdom	sfw	Wanna know how dumb the average person is? Half of 'em are even dumber than THAT!
wisdom	sfw	War does not determine who is right - only who is left. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	War will never cease until babies begin to come into the world with larger cerebrums and smaller adrenal glands. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Wars based on principle are far more destructive... the attacker will not destroy that which he is after. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	Wat wij te goedkoop verwerven, schatten we te laag in. Het is duurte die alles zijn waarde geeft. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	We always deceive ourselves twice about the people we love - first to their advantage, then to their disadvantage. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	We are afraid of the enormity of the possible. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	We are all mediators, translators. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	We are all special cases. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	We are born to Exist, not to know, to be, not to assert ourselves. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	We are faced with the paradoxical fact that education has become one of the chief obstacles to intelligence and freedom of thought. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	We are here and it is now. Further than that, all human knowledge is moonshine. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	We become what we behold. We shape our tools and then our tools shape us. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	We call first truths those we discover after all the others. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	We cannot be more sensitive to pleasure without being more sensitive to pain. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	We continue to shape our personality all our life. If we knew ourselves perfectly, we should die. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	We define only out of despair, we must have a formula... to give a facade tot he void. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	We derive our vitality from our store of madness. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	We die in proportion to the words we fling around us. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	We do not judge the people we love. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	We do not know what we want and yet we are responsible for what we are - that is the fact. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	We do not learn first what to talk about and then what to say about it. ~ Willard Van Orman Quine
wisdom	sfw	We do not say: Being is, time is, but rather: there is Being and there is time. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	We drive into the future using only our rearview mirror. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	We get into the habit of living before acquiring the habit of thinking. In that race which daily hastens us towards death, the body maintains its irreparable lead. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	We have be-come irrevocably involved with, and responsible for, each other. ~ Marhsall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	We have become makers of our fate when we have ceased to pose as its prophets. ~ Karl Popper
wisdom	sfw	We have it in our power to begin the world all over again -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	We have it in our power to begin the world over again. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	We identify in our exerience a differentiation between what we do and what happens to us. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	We inhabit a language rather than a country. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	We interest others by the misfortune we spread around us. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	We live in our fantasies and endure our realities. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	We must act out passion before we can feel it. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	We must be compelled to hold this doctrine to be false, and the old and new law called the Old and new Testament, to be impositions, fables and forgeries -- Thomas Paine, The life and writings of -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	We must be willing to pay a price for freedom. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	We must plan for freedom, and not only for security, if for no other reason than that only freedom can make security secure. ~ Karl Popper
wisdom	sfw	We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	We name time when we say: every thing has its time. This means: everything which actually is, every being comes and goes at the right time and remains for a time during the time allotted to it. Every thing has its time. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	We rarely confide in those who are better than we are. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	We shall never resolve the enigma of the relation between the negative foundations of greatness and that greatness itself. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	We shape our tools and afterwards our tools shape us. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	We should not say that one man's hour is worth another man's hour, but rather that one man during an hour is worth just as much as another man during an hour. Time is everything, man is nothing: he is at the most time's carcass. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	We still by no means think decisively enough about the essence of action. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	We turn toward God only to obtain the impossible. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	We understand God by everything in ourselves that is fragmentary, incomplete, and inopportune. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	We used to wonder where war lived, what it was that made it so vile. And now we realize that we know where it lives... inside ourselves. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	We would not be interested in human beings if we did not have the hope of someday meeting someone worse off than ourselves. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Wealth - any income that is at least one hundred dollars more a year than the income of one's wife's sister's husband. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Wer seine eigene Freiheit sichern will, muss selbst seinen Feind vor Unterdrckung schtzen. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	What Athens was in miniature America will be in magnitude. The one was the wonder of the ancient world; the other is becoming the admiration of the present. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	What can be shown, cannot be said. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	What do I care about Jupiter? Justice is a human issue, and I do not need a god to teach it to me. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	What does the future, that half of time, matter to the man who is infatuated with eternity? ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	What is a poet? An unhappy person who conceals profound anguish in his heart but whose lips are so formed that as sighs and cries pass over them they sound like beautiful music. ~ Soren Kierkegaard
wisdom	sfw	What is a rebel? A man who says no: but whose refusal does not imply a renunciation. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	What is a society without a heroic dimension? ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	What is it the Bible teaches us? repine, cruelty, and murder. What is it the Testament teaches us? to believe that the Almighty committed debauchery with a woman engaged to be married; and the belief of this debauchery is called faith. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	What is your aim in philosophy? To show the fly the way out of the fly-bottle. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	What men value in this world is not rights but privileges. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	What pride to discover that nothing belongs to you - what a revelation. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	What surrounds us we endure better for giving it a name - and moving on. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	What the devil is the point of surviving, going on living, when it's a drag? But you see, that's what people do. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	What the world requires of the Christians is that they should continue to be Christians. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	What we obtain too cheap we esteem too lightly. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	What we obtain too cheap, we esteem too lightly: it is dearness only that gives every thing value. Heaven knows how to put a proper price upon it's goods; and it would be strange indeed if so celestial an article as freedom should not be highly rated -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	What we obtain too cheaply, we esteem too lightly; it's dearness only that gives everthing its value. Thomas Payne
wisdom	sfw	What would be left of our tragedies if an insect were to present us his? ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	What you have to do is enter the fiction of America, enter America as fiction. It is, indeed, on this fictive basis that it dominates the world. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	Whatever can be noted historically can be found within history. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Whatever is my right as a man is also the right of another; and it becomes my duty to guarantee as well as to possess. thomas paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Whatever precautions you take so the photograph will look like this or that, there comes a moment when the photograph surprises you. It is the other's gaze that wins out and decides. ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	Whatever the form or constitution of government may be, it ought to have no other object than the general happiness. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	When a new source of taxation is found it never means, in practice, that the old source is abandoned. It merely means that the politicians have two ways of milking the taxpayer where they had one before. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	When all actions are mathematically calculated, they also take on a stupid quality. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	When men yield up the privilege of thinking, the last shadow of liberty quits the horizon. thomas paine
wisdom	sfw	When modern physics exerts itself to establish the world's formula, what occurs thereby is this: the being of entities has resolved itself into the method of the totally calculable. ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	When my country, into which I had just set my foot, was set on fire about my ears, it was time to stir. It was time for every man to stir. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	When one is frightened of the truth then it is never the whole truth that one has an inkling of. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	When producers want to know what the public wants, they graph it as curves. When they want to tell the public what to get, they say it in curves. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	When rich people fight wars with one another, poor people are the ones to die. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	When the intensity of emotional conviction subsides, a man who is in the habit of reasoning will search for logical grounds in favour of the belief which he finds in himself. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	When the rich wage war, it's the poor who die. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	When the rose and the cross are united the alchemical marriage is complete and the drama ends. Then we wake from history and enter eternity. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	When the tongue or the pen is let loose in a frenzy of passion, it is the man, and not the subject, that becomes exhausted. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember that virtue is not hereditary. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	When we are planning for posterity, we ought to remember, that virtue is not hereditary. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	When we cannot be delivered from ourselves, we delight in devouring ourselves. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	When you have really exhausted an experience you always reverence and love it. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Whenever a husband and wife begin to discuss their marriage they are giving evidence at a coroner's inquest. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Whenever a theory appears to you as the only possible one, take this as a sign that you have neither understood the theory nor the problem which it was intended to solve. ~ Karl Popper
wisdom	sfw	Whenever you hear a man speak of his love for his country, it is a sign that he expects to be paid for it. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Where the whole man is involved there is no work. Work begins with the division of labor. ~ Marshall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	Where there are no distinctions there can be no superiority, perfect equality affords no temptation. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	Whether we sleep or wake, the vast machinery of the universe still goes on. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	While the miser is merely a capitalist gone mad, the capitalist is a rational miser. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Who Rebels? Who rises in arms? Rarely the slave, but almost always the oppressor turned slave. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Who can exhaust a man? Who knows a man's resources? ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Why NOT a Goat?
wisdom	sfw	Why NOT a goat?
wisdom	sfw	Why are there beings at all, instead of Nothing? ~ Martin Heidegger
wisdom	sfw	Why is it the philosopher who is expected to be easier and not some scientist who is even more inaccessible? ~ Jacques Derrida
wisdom	sfw	Why is propaganda so much more successful when it stirs up hatred than when it tries to stir up friendly feeling? ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Why may we not suppose, that the great Father of al is pleased with variety of devotion; and that the greatest offence we can act, is that by which we seek to torment and render each other miserable? -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	Why should it be essential to love rarely in order to love much? ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	With how much more glory, and advantage to itself, does a nation act, when it exerts its powers to rescue the world from bondage, and to create itself friends, than when it employs those powers to increase ruin, desolation, and misery. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	With the introduction of agriculture mankind entered upon a long period of meanness, misery, and madness, from which they are only now being freed by the beneficent operation of the machine. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Without culture, and the relative freedom it implies, society, even when perfect, is but a jungle. This is why any authentic creation is a gift to the future. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Without doubt, machinery has greatly increased the number of well-to-do idlers. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Without freedom, no art; art lives only on the restraints it imposes on itself, and dies of all others. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Without work, all life goes rotten. But when work is soulless, life stifles and dies. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Woes and wonders of Power, that tonic hell, synthesis of poison and panacea. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Women always excel men in that sort of wisdom which comes from experience. To be a woman is in itself a terrible experience. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Women have simple tastes. They get pleasure out of the conversation of children in arms and men in love. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	sfw	Word - that invisible dagger. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Words are loaded pistols. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Words are more treacherous and powerful than we think. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	Work is of two kinds: first, altering the position of matter at or near the earth's surface relative to other matter; second, telling other people to do so. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	sfw	Work while you work, play while you play - this is a basic rule of repressive self-discipline. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Workers of the world unite; you have nothing to lose but your chains. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	sfw	Working conditions for me have always been those of the monastic life: solitude and frugality. Except for frugality, they are contrary to my nature, so much so that work is a violence I do to myself. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Write books only if you are going to say in them the things you would never dare confide to anyone. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	Wrong life cannot be lived rightly. ~ Theodor Adorno
wisdom	sfw	Yalan sylemek kolaydr ama devam ettirmek zordur. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason and Other Works
wisdom	sfw	Yet it is folly to argue against determined hardness; eloquence may strike the ear, and the language of sorrow draw forth the tear of compassion, but nothing can reach the heart that is steeled with prejudice. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	Yet panics, in some cases, have their uses; they produce as much good as hurt. Their duration is always short; the mind soon grows through them, and acquires a firmer habit than before. -- Thomas Paine, The Writings of -- Thomas Paine 1 1774-79
wisdom	sfw	You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	You are born modern, you do not become so. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	sfw	You are done for - a living dead man - not when you stop loving but stop hating. Hatred preserves: in it, in its chemistry, resides the mystery of life. ~ Emil Cioran
wisdom	sfw	You are precisely as big as what you love and precisely as small as what you allow to annoy you. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	You are that vast thing that you see far, far off with great telescopes. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	You cannot create experience. You must undergo it. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	You get tragedy where the tree, instead of bending, breaks. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	You have to be very rich or very poor to live without a trade. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	You know how dumb the average person is? Well, by definition, half of 'em are even dumber than THAT.
wisdom	sfw	You know, I have found a new way to get high and stay spaced out for hours on end, and the government can't stop me... It's called senility. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	You learned the concept 'pain' when you learned language. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	sfw	You must be afraid, my son. That is how one becomes an honest citizen. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	sfw	You must be saved, even if it kills you!
wisdom	sfw	You simply cannot invent any conspiracy theory so ridiculous and obviously satirical that some people somewhere don't already believe it. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	sfw	You were not contented while you had her, and to weep for her now is childish. -- Thomas Paine, The Writings of -- Thomas Paine 1 1774-79
wisdom	sfw	You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	You won't appreciate it if you don't pay for it. (1953, said to "Kitten" Anderson) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
wisdom	sfw	You'd PAY to know what you REALLY think. (1961) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
wisdom	sfw	You'll PAY to know what you REALLY think!
wisdom	sfw	You'll PAY to know what you really think.
wisdom	sfw	Your successes and happiness are forgiven you only if you generously consent to share them. ~ Albert Camus
wisdom	sfw	Zen does not confuse spirituality with thinking about God while one is peeling potatoes. Zen spirituality is just to peel the potatoes. ~ Alan Watts
wisdom	sfw	[on capital punishment] Forgive them first... then kill them.
wisdom	sfw	[when asked if he was interested in discovering what was behind the Veil of Illusion] HELL no! I'm interested in what's behind the veil of ORDINARY REALITY.
wisdom	sfw	a government which cannot preserve the peace, is no government at all, and in that case we pay our money for nothing; -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	a long Habit of not thinking a Thingwrong,gives it a superficial appearance of beingright,and -- Thomas Paine, The Works of -- Thomas Paine: Common Sense, The American Crisis, Rights Of Man, The Age Of Reason
wisdom	sfw	a long habit of not thinking a thing WRONG, gives it a superficial appearance of being RIGHT, and raises at first a formidable outcry in defence of custom. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	a long habit of not thinking a thing WRONG, gives it a superficial appearance of being RIGHT, and raises at first a formidable outcry in defense of custom. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	absurdity -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	as a man predicts ill, he becomes inclined to wish it. The pride of having his judgment right hardens his heart, till at last he beholds with satisfaction, or sees with disappointment, the accomplishment or failure of his predictions. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	as in absolute governments the King is law, so in free countries the law OUGHT to be King; and there ought to be no other. But -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	but from the errors of other nations let us learn wisdom, and lay hold of the present opportunityto begin government at the right end. -- Thomas Paine, The Works of -- Thomas Paine: Common Sense, The American Crisis, Rights Of Man, The Age Of Reason
wisdom	sfw	do we want to know what God is? Search not the book called the scripture, which any human hand might make, but the scripture called the Creation. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	enforce obedience thereto. The object, on either side, doth not justify the means; for the lives of men are too -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	for no man expects to be loved himself for his crime or for his enmity. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	for so unlimited a power can belong only to God. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis, #1
wisdom	sfw	for that which is a disgrace to human nature, throws something of a shade over all the human character, and each individual feels his share of the wound that is given to the whole. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	for this continent would never suffer itself to be drained of inhabitants, to support the British arms in either Asia, Africa, or Europe. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	if all with doubts about the factual basis of their religion will but commit to their resolution through direct and unfettered inquiry, our country - and with it the world - will see a rebirth of Liberty, -- Thomas Paine, -- Thomas Paine's The Age of Reason - Part Three
wisdom	sfw	if they cannot conquer us, they cannot govern us. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	in one point, all nations of the earth and all religions agree. All believe in a God, The things in which they disgrace are the redundancies annexed to that belief; -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	is at hand, and a race of men, perhaps as numerous as all Europe contains, are to receive their portion of freedom from the event of a few months. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	long habit of not thinking a thing WRONG, gives it a superficial appearance of being RIGHT, -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. -- Thomas Paine, The Writings of -- Thomas Paine 1 1774-79
wisdom	sfw	monarchy in every instance is the Popery of government. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	never can true reconcilement grow where wounds of deadly hate have pierced so deep. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	nothing flatters vanity, or confirms obstinacy in Kings more than repeated petitioning -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	nsan, Tanr'y akl yrtme yoluyla kefedebilir. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	pamphleteer -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	peace WITH trade, is preferable to war WITHOUT it. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	security being the true design and end of government, it unanswerably follows that whatever form thereof appears most likely to ensure it to us, with the least expence and greatest benefit, is preferable to all others. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	that a thirst for absolute power is the natural disease of monarchy. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	that which is right will become popular, and that which is wrong, though by mistake it may obtain the cry or fashion of the day, will soon lose the power of delusion, and sink into disesteem. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	sfw	the Jewish nation, immediately on the death of Solomon, split into two parties, who chose separate kings, and who carried on most rancorous wars against each other. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	the church has set up a system of religion very contradictory to the character of the person whose name it bears. It has set up a religion of pomp and of revenue in pretended imitation of a person whose life was humility and poverty. -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	the greatest forces that can be brought into the field of revolutions, are reason and common interest. Where these can have the opportunity of acting, opposition dies with fear, or crumbles away by conviction. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	the harder the conflict,the more glorious the triumph -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	the more simple any thing is, the less liable it is to be disordered, and the easier repaired when disordered; -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	the more simple any thing is, the less liable it is to be disordered; and the easier repaired when disordered; -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	the wheel is an extension of the foot the book is an extension of the eye clothing, an extension of the skin, electric circuitry, an extension of the central nervous system ~ Marhsall McLuhan
wisdom	sfw	they carry the ideas they form of the benevolence of the Almighty to the book which they have been taught to believe was written by his authority. Good heavens! it is quite another thing, it is a book of lies, wickedness, and blasphemy; -- Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason
wisdom	sfw	those who expect to reap the blessings of freedom, must, like men, undergo the fatigues of supporting it -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	sfw	though he may be cruel, never can be brave. But, -- Thomas Paine, The Writings of -- Thomas Paine 1 1774-79
wisdom	sfw	virtue, as I have already remarked, is not hereditary, neither is it perpetual. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	we are never in a proper condition of doing justice to others, while we continue under the influence of some leading partiality, so neither are we capable of doing it to ourselves while we remain fettered by any obstinate prejudice. And -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	sfw	why do men continue to practice in themselves, the absurdities they despise in others? -- Thomas Paine, The rights of man: being an answer to Mr Burkes attack on the French Revolution (2nd edn, Philadelphia, 1791), p. 41. -- Thomas Paine, Rights of Man
wisdom	sfw	you may now stop reading forever!
wisdom	spicy	"He's an asshole but even assholes have dreams." ~ Sam Lowry in BRAZIL "Mine certainly does." ~ "Bob"
wisdom	spicy	"I am a man who pisses largely and frequently. This, they say, is a sign of great mental activity." ~ Henry Miller
wisdom	spicy	"I think I'll just lie here and try to dream some more about the Planet of the Beautiful Blind Women." ~ an anonymous lonely SubGenius boy with his dick in his hand
wisdom	spicy	"Real sex is Fats Domino. Bad sex is... Pat Boone." ~ Rev. Bleepo Abernathy
wisdom	spicy	"You do not fuck with a doktor unless he offers you the vaseline personally!" ~ G. Gordon Gordon
wisdom	spicy	Anyone who knows anything of history knows that great social changes are impossible without feminine upheaval. Social progress can be measured exactly by the social position of the fair sex, the ugly ones included. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	spicy	Fuck "Bob"! Praise Connie!
wisdom	spicy	Fuck 'em if they can't take a joke!
wisdom	spicy	Fuck 'em if they can't take a joke.
wisdom	spicy	I believe in using words, not fists. I believe in my outrage knowing people are living in boxes on the street. I believe in honesty. I believe in a good time. I believe in good food. I believe in sex. ~ Bertrand Russell
wisdom	spicy	I should suffer the misery of devils, were I to make a whore of my soul by swearing allegiance to one whose character is that of a sottish, stupid, stubborn, worthless, brutish man. -- Thomas Paine, The Writings of -- Thomas Paine 1 1774-79
wisdom	spicy	In the duel of sex woman fights from a dreadnought and man from an open raft. -- H. L. Mencken
wisdom	spicy	Let them call me a rebel and welcome. I feel no concern from it. But should I suffer the misery of devils, were I to make a whore of my soul. -- Thomas Paine
wisdom	spicy	Let them call me rebel and welcome, I feel no concern from it; but I should suffer the misery of devils, were I to make a whore of my soul by swearing allegiance to one whose character is that of a sottish, stupid, stubborn, worthless, brutish man. -- Thomas Paine, The Crisis
wisdom	spicy	Neither sex, without some fertilization of the complimentary characters of the other, is capable of the highest reaches of human endeavor. ~ Jean-Paul Sartre
wisdom	spicy	Not every religion has to have St. Augustine's attitude to sex. Why even in our culture marriages are celebrated in a church, everyone present knows what is going to happen that night, but that doesn't prevent it being a religious ceremony. ~ Ludwig Wittgenstein
wisdom	spicy	One of the strongest natural proofs of the folly of heredetary right in kings, is, that nature disapproves it, otherwise, she would not so frequently turn it into ridicule by giving mankind an ass for a lion. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	spicy	One of the strongest natural proofs of the folly of hereditary right in kings, is, that nature disapproves it, otherwise, she would not so frequently turn it into ridicule by giving mankind an ass for a lion. -- Thomas Paine, Common Sense
wisdom	spicy	Seduction is always more singular and sublime than sex and it commands the higher price. ~ Jean Baudrillard
wisdom	spicy	Social progress can be measured by the social position of the female sex. ~ Karl Marx
wisdom	spicy	Sometimes it takes an asshole to bring all your shit together." ~ JoX the Bobtist (1814 - 1941)
wisdom	spicy	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness 3 John: Dear Gaius, I wrote a letter to Diotrephes about how he’s preaching everything wrong, and he wouldn’t even open the damn thing. What’s with these people? Talk soon, John
wisdom	spicy	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness James: To Whom It May Concern, I don’t care what any other letters say! For God’s sake, get off your ass and help people! Sincerely, James
wisdom	spicy	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Leviticus: Rules: Don’t screw up your sacrifices, don’t have weird sex, be nice to your slaves, and once a year send a goat into the desert because, hey, you haven’t been so great.
wisdom	spicy	The Holy Bible: Abridged Beyond the Point of Usefulness Song of Solomon: Interlude: A sexy poem, with romantic talk, such as “Your teeth are like a flock of uniformly shaped ewes.” No, wait WAIT. It’s not about sex, it’s about loving God. Phew.
wisdom	spicy	There is one universal sex law: Sex shall not be unregulated. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
wisdom	spicy	a study in feet, or no second half a metadrama participants remove their right shoes and socks only. they display their right feet to the audience and to each other. they put their shoes and socks back on. ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	buddhism a metadrama buddhist monk: "peace!" sound of gunfire. ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	couic! a metadrama enters in a suit of medieval armor. trips. falls. ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	erotic a metadrama she giggles then sighs. she giggles then sighs. ad lib a couple of minutes. ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	flexible lumbar a metadrama nude, profile to audince. demonstrates flexible lumbars. two minutes. words: optional. ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	hat show a metadrama enters carrying pillow. puts pillow on head. pause. removes pillow. goes away. ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	hers a metadrama She: "yes!" offstage voice: "no!" (may be repeated). ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	his a metadrama he: "no !" offstage voice: "yes!" (may be repeated). ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	love story a metadrama two at a time. "yes?" "no?" "no no?" "yes yes?" grouping and regrouping ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	portrait of a man eating an apple a metadrama man. apple. man eats apple. ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	tenderly a metadrama blindfolded. both enter from different places as silently as possible. they find each other, touch fingertips, touch necks and hair, kiss. ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	the artist a metadrama artist: "i'm hungry." someone else: "here are twenty two ounces of honor." artist: "i'm still hungry." someone else: "here are twenty two more ounces of honor." ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	the philosopher a metadrama onstage: "i think so--absolutely--no!" ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	the way things are a metadrama a couple, A and B. A falls into B's arms. B shivers. A goes away. B looks after A. ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	variation on a theme by shiomi a metadrama look for the vanishing smile. ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	variation on an old theme a metadrama naked man: "i have no wings." clothed woman: "so i see." ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
wisdom	spicy	zebra a metadrama someone enters dressed as a zebra. says: "i am not a zebra." someone else says: "i'm naht so sure about that, dahling!" ~ Dick Higgins [NYC, Sept-Oct, 1985]
work	sfw	(Its easier for investors and bosses to spend time and money going after a proven market, even though proven markets are the hardest to break into.) -- Seth Godin , All Marketers Are Liars: The Power of Telling Authentic Stories in a Low-Trust World
work	sfw	(Less than 3% of newly published authors make enough in royalties and advances to be happy to live on.) -- Seth Godin , Whatcha Gonna Do with That Duck?: And Other Provocations, 2006-2012
work	sfw	...the greatest shortage in our society is an instinct to produce. To create solutions and hustle them out the door. To touch the humanity inside and connect to the humans in the marketplace. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	3. Heres a gift, I love you. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	4: Stories let us lie to ourselves. And those lies satisfy our desires. -- Seth Godin , All Marketers Are Liars: The Power of Telling Authentic Stories in a Low-Trust World
work	sfw	A Timid Trapeze Artist Is a Dead Trapeze Artist -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	A brilliant author or businesswoman or senator or software engineer is brilliant only in tiny bursts. The rest of the time, theyre doing work that most any trained person could do. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	A factory demands a compliant workforce in order to succeed. And so weve organized around this idea of compliance in all thingsin school, in the foods we eat, in the way we respond to marketing. And its a dead end. -- Seth Godin , Graceful
work	sfw	A fundamentalist is a person who considers whether a fact is acceptable to his religion before he explores it. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	A fundamentalist is a person who considers whether a fact is acceptable to his religion before he explores it. As opposed to a curious person who explores first then considers whether or not he wants to accept the ramifications. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	A genius looks at something that others are stuck on and gets the world unstuck. So the question is: Have you ever done that? -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	A graceful person gets things done, but does it in a way youd be happy to have repeated. -- Seth Godin , Graceful
work	sfw	A great school experience wont keep you from being remarkable, but its usually not sufficient to guarantee that you will become so. Theres something else at work here. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	A group needs only two things to be a tribe: a shared interest and a way to communicate. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	A man who stands for nothing will fall for anything. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	A movement is thrilling. Its the work of many people, all connected, all seeking something better. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	A racially integrated community is a chronological term timed from the entrance of the first black family to the exit of the last white family. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	A tactic that drags on too long becomes a drag. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	A virtuous character is likened to an unblemished flower. Piety is a fadeless bud that half opens on earth and expands through eternity. Sweetness of temper is the odor of fresh blooms, and the amaranth flowers of pure affection open but to bloom forever. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	A woodpecker can tap twenty times on a thousand trees and get nowhere, but stay busy. Or he can tap twenty-thousand times on one tree and get dinner. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	Abundance is possible, but only if we can imagine it and then embrace it. Will -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	All I held against Jews was that so many Jews actually were hypocrites in their claim to be friends of the American black man. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	All change means disorganization of the old and organization of the new. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	All claims of education notwithstanding, the pupil will accept only that which his mind craves. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	All great programmers learn the same way. They poke the box. They code something and see what the computer does. They change it and see what the computer does. They repeat the process again and again until they figure out how the box works. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	All marketers are storytellers. Only the losers are liars. -- Seth Godin , All Marketers Are Liars: The Power of Telling Authentic Stories in a Low-Trust World
work	sfw	Although lynchings have steadily increased in number and barbarity during the last twenty years, there has been no single effort put forth by the many moral and philanthropic forces of the country to put a stop to this wholesale slaughter. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	Always remember the first rule of power tactics; power is not only what you have but what the enemy thinks you have. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	Amazon appears to be building a permission asset, not a brand asset. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	America in its entirety is segregationist and is racist. It's more camouflaged in the north, but it's the same thing. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	America is the first country... that can actually have a bloodless revolution. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	America preaches integration and practices segregation. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	An artist is someone who uses bravery, insight, creativity, and boldness to challenge the status quo. And an artist takes it personally. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	An individual artist needs only a thousand true fans in her tribe. It's enough. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Anarchism is the great liberator of man from the phantoms that have held him captive; it is the arbiter and pacifier of the two forces for individual and social harmony. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	And yet the real success goes to those who obsess. The focus that leads you through the Dip to the other side is rewarded by a marketplace in search of the best in the world. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	Anxiety is experiencing failure in advance. Tell yourself enough vivid stories about the worst possible outcome of your work and youll soon come to believe them. Worry is not preparation, and anxiety doesnt make you better. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Anxiety is nothing but repeatedly reexperiencing failure in advance. What a waste. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Any unarmed people are slaves, or are subject to slavery at any given moment. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	Anyone who says failure is not an option has also ruled out innovation. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Art changes posture and posture changes innocent bystanders. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Art has no right answer. The best we can hope for is an interesting answer. -- Seth Godin , The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?
work	sfw	Art is a personal act of courage, something one human does that creates change in another. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Art is a personal gift that changes the recipient. The medium doesnt matter. The intent does. Art is a personal act of courage, something one human does that creates change in another. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Art is never defect-free. Things that are remarkable never meet spec, because that would make them standardized, not worth talking about. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Art is original. Marcel Duchamp was an artist when he pioneered Dadaism and installed a urinal in a museum. The second person to install a urinal wasn't an artist, he was a plumber. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Art is the unique work of a human being, work that touches another. -- Seth Godin , The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?
work	sfw	Art isn't only a painting; it's anything that changes someone for the better, any nonanonymous interaction that leads to a human (not simply a commercial) conclusion. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Art, at least art as I define it, is the intentional act of using your humanity to create a change in another person. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Artists are people with a genius for finding a new answer, a new connection, or a new way of getting things done. That would be you. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Artists think along the edges of the box, because that's where things get done. That's where the audience is, that's where the means of production are available, and that's where you can make an impact. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	As long as we have a poor country bordering California, it's going to be very difficult to win strikes. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	As our society gets more complex and our people get more complacent, the role of the jester is more vital than ever before. Please stop sitting around. We need you to make a ruckus. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	As soon as we associate reading with a test, we've missed the point. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	As well see, the greatest shortage in our society is an instinct to produce. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	As well see, the greatest shortage in our society is an instinct to produce. To create solutions and hustle them out the door. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	As you have learnt something of time, value and make a proper use of it. Once past, it knows no return; how necessary, then, that you spend it in improving your mind and fitting it for future happiness and usefulness. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	At the age of four, you were an artist. And at seven, you were a poet. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Attention to any subject will in a short time render it attractive, be it ever so disagreeable and tedious at first. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	Be peaceful, be courteous, obey the law, respect everyone; but if someone puts his hand on you, send him to the cemetery. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Be remarkable Be generous Create art Make judgment calls Connect people and ideas . . . and we have no choice but to reward you. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Because frequency is free in an online permission program, and much more effective offline, the marketer has the luxury of riding the impact curve up without a matching cost curve. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	Becoming a linchpin is not an act of selfishness. I see it as an act of generosity, -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Before we can forgive one another, we have to understand one another. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Being an artist isnt a genetic disposition or a specific talent. Its an attitude we can all adopt. Its a hunger to seize new ground, make connections, and work without a map. If you do those things, you're an artist. -- Seth Godin , The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?
work	sfw	Being an old farm boy myself, chickens coming home to roost never did make me sad; they've always made me glad. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Being open is art. Making a connection when its not part of your job is a gift. You can say your lines and get away with it, or you can touch someone and make a difference in their lives forever. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Being surrounded by educated people makes democracy stronger, and it benefits our entire economy. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	Between social reforms and revolution there exists for the social democracy an indissoluble tie. The struggle for reforms is its means; the social revolution, its aim. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	Black Power is giving power to people who have not had power to determine their destiny. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	Bloggers around the world are discovering that its cheaper and faster and more effective to build their own media channels than it is to waste time arguing with the old ones. -- Seth Godin , Whatcha Gonna Do With That Duck?: And Other Provocations, 2006-2012
work	sfw	Bourgeois class domination is undoubtedly an historical necessity, but, so too, the rising of the working class against it. Capital is an historical necessity, but, so too, its grave digger, the socialist proletariat. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	Brave men do not gather by thousands to torture and murder a single individual, so gagged and bound he cannot make even feeble resistance or defense. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	Bullet points are not the point. -- Seth Godin , Whatcha Gonna Do With That Duck?: And Other Provocations, 2006-2012
work	sfw	By all means, have you give great attention to your arithmetic, as its advantages are so many and important. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	By being customer-focused instead of retail-focused, or factory-focused, a manufacturer or merchant can widely increase its offerings, thus increasing share of wallet. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	Change almost never fails because it's too early. It almost always fails because it's too late. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Change is powerful, but change always comes with the possibility of failure as its partner. This might not work isnt merely something to be tolerated; its something you must seek out. -- Seth Godin , The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?
work	sfw	Change isn't made by asking permission. Change is made by asking forgiveness, later. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Change isnt made by asking permission. Change is made by asking forgiveness, later. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Change means movement. Movement means friction. Only in the frictionless vacuum of a nonexistent abstract world can movement or change occur without that abrasive friction of conflict. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	Choose your customers, choose your future. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Commit to the frightening work of flying blind -- Seth Godin , The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?
work	sfw	Consumers are not loyal to cheap commodities. They crave the unique, the remarkable, and the human. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Contenerse es casi como robar. Neil Young -- Seth Godin , El engao de caro: Hasta dnde quieres volar?
work	sfw	Conventional wisdom is that you should find a job that matches your passion. I think this is backwards. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Creating ideas that spread and connecting the disconnected are the two pillars of our new society, and both of them require the posture of the artist. -- Seth Godin , The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?
work	sfw	Creating value through interaction is far more important than solving a consumers problem in thirty seconds. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	Credit reproduces all the fundamental antagonisms of the capitalist world. It accentuates them. It precipitates their development and thus pushes the capitalist world forward to its own destruction. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	Crime is naught but misdirected energy. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Delivering unique creativity is hardest of all, because not only do you have to have insight, but you also need to be passionate enough to risk the rejection that delivering a solution can bring. You must ship. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Democracy is indispensable, not because it renders superfluous the conquest of political power by the proletariat, but, on the contrary, because it makes this seizure of power both necessary and possible. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	Depth of knowledge combined with good judgment is worth a lot. Depth -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Differentiation is a zero-sum, advertising-based game. -- Seth Godin , Free Prize Inside: The Next Big Marketing Idea
work	sfw	Direct action is the logical, consistent method of Anarchism. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Do you know what integration really means? It means intermarriage. That's the real point behind it. You can't have it without intermarriage. And that would result in disintegration of both races. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Don't find customers for your products, find products for your customers. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Dont be different just to be different. Be different to be better. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Education isn't a problem until it serves as a buffer rom the world and a refuge from the risk of failure. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	El mercado busca organizaciones e individuos que cambien las cosas y creen productos y servicios extraordinarios. -- Seth Godin , Tribus: Necesitamos que T nos lideres
work	sfw	Emotional labor is the task of doing important work, even when it isnt easy. Emotional -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Emotional labor is what you get paid to do, and one of the most difficult types of emotional labor is staring into the abyss of choice and picking a path. Your -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	En el mercado de Pike Place, en Seattle, todava se puede visitar el primer Starbucks. Pero es un poco raro, no parece un Starbucks. El logo es diferente, y la distribucin tambin. -- Seth Godin , Hazlo!
work	sfw	Envy blinds men and makes it impossible for them to think clearly. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Every daring attempt to make a great change in existing conditions, every lofty vision of new possibilities for the human race, has been labeled Utopian. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Every single important thing we do is something we didn't use to be good at, and in fact, might be something we used to fear. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Everyone is lonely. Connect. -- Seth Godin , The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?
work	sfw	Everyone will think it's stupid!" "Everyone says it's impossible." Guess what? Everyone works in the balloon factory and everyone is wrong. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Everyone, Republican or otherwise has their own particular part to play. No part is too great or too small, no one is too old or too young to do something. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	Everything happens for a reason, doesnt it? Even if you dont consciously agree with that statement, your brain sure does. -- Seth Godin , All Marketers Are Liars: The Power of Telling Authentic Stories in a Low-Trust World
work	sfw	Excellence isnt about working extra hard to do what you're told. Its about taking the initiative to do work you decide is worth doing. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	Expectations are the engine of our perceptions. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Extraordinary benefits accrue to the tiny minority of people who are able to push just a tiny bit longer than most. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	Extraordinary benefits also accrue to the tiny majority with the guts to quit early and refocus their efforts on something new. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	Eye contact, all by itself, is enough to throw your lizard brain into a tizzy. Imagine how scary it must be to set out to do something that will get you noticed, or perhaps even criticized. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Faith is underrated. Paradoxically, religion is vastly overrated. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Farm workers are society's canaries. Farm workers - and their children - demonstrate the effects of pesticide poisoning before anyone else. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	Fear of living without a map is the main reason people are so insistent that we tell them what to do. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	First rule of change is controversy. You can't get away from it for the simple reason all issues are controversial. Change means movement, and movement means friction, and friction means heat, and heat means controversy. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	Floral emblems have been often adopted. The houses of York and Lancaster had their roses, the Bourbons of France, the fleur-de-lis, Scotland her thistle, and Ireland her shamrock. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	For many of us, the happiest future is one that's precisely like the past, except a little better -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	For me, my 'X' replaced the white slave master name of 'Little' which some blue-eyed devil named Little had imposed on my parental forebears. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	For the rest of us, its not about what you're born with, its about what you do. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Free love? as if love is anything but free. Man has bought brains, but all the millions in the world have failed to buy love. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Freedom is always and exclusively freedom for the one who thinks differently. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	Freedom only for the members of the government, only for the members of the Party - though they are quite numerous - is no freedom at all. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	Frequency led to awareness, awareness to familiarity, and familiarity to trust. And trust, almost without exception, leads to profit. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	From the depth of need and despair, people can work together, can organize themselves to solve their own problems and fill their own needs with dignity and strength. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	Generosity generates income. This works whether you are selling paintings or innovation or a service. Linus -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Going out of your way to find uncomfortable situations isnt natural, but its essential. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Good education, housing and jobs are imperatives for the Negroes, and I shall support them in their fight to win these objectives, but I shall tell the Negroes that while these are necessary, they cannot solve the main Negro problem. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Great bosses and world-class organizations hire motivated people, set high expectations, and give their people room to become remarkable. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Great bosses and world-class organizations hire motivated people, set high expectations, and give their people room to become remarkable. The -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Great design = getting people to do what you want. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Great jobs, world-class jobs, jobs people kill forthose jobs dont get filled by people e-mailing in rsums. Google -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Great teachers are precious. Lousy teachers cause damage that lasts forever. We need to reorganize our schools to free the great teachers from tests and reports and busywork, and to expel the lousy -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Great teachers are wonderful. They change lives. We need them. The problem is that most schools dont like great teachers. Theyre organized to stamp them out, bore them, bureaucratize them, and make them average. Why -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Great work is not created for everyone. If it were, it would be average work. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Group projects are the exception in school, but they should be the norm. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	Happy are those who dwell apart from the harrowing tumults of public life! -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	Have you ever heard of Gmail? Ever used it? If so, its not because Gmail ran a lot of TV ads (they didnt). Its because the manifesto of free email got to you. -- Seth Godin , Unleashing the SUPER Ideavirus
work	sfw	Having soon discovered to be great, I must appear so, and therefore studiously avoided mixing in society, and wrapped myself in mystery, devoting my time to fasting and prayer. -- Nat Turner
work	sfw	Hay dos errores que podemos cometer en el camino hacia la verdad. No recorrer todo el camino, y no empezar. Siddharta Gautama -- Seth Godin , Hazlo!
work	sfw	Heaven must be an awfully dull place if the poor in spirit live there. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Heres an assignment for you: Write it down. Write down under what circumstances you're willing to quit. And when. And then stick with it. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	Heres another way to describe the two axes: One asks, Can you see it? The other wonders, Do you care? -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Heretics are the new leaders. The ones who challenge the status quo, who get out in front of their tribes, who create movements. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	History is a people's memory, and without a memory, man is demoted to the lower animals. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	History is a relay of revolutions. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	History is not hatred. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	History is the only true teacher, the revolution the best school for the proletariat. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	History proves that the white man is a devil. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	How can I create something that critics will criticize? -- Seth Godin , Small Is the New Big: and 183 Other Riffs, Rants, and Remarkable Business Ideas
work	sfw	How dare you settle for less when the world has made it so easy for you to be remarkable? -- Seth Godin , Small Is the New Big: and 183 Other Riffs, Rants, and Remarkable Business Ideas
work	sfw	How was your day? If your answer was "fine," then I don't think you were leading. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	How we respond to the opportunities and challenges of the outside world now determines how much the outside world values us. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	I am (even after all the torture) amazed at British logic. Never in eight centuries have they succeeded in breaking the spirit of one man who refused to be broken. They have not dispirited, conquered, nor demoralised my people, nor will they ever. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	I am a political prisoner. I am a political prisoner because I am a casualty of a perennial war that is being fought between the oppressed Irish people and an alien, oppressive, unwanted regime that refuses to withdraw from our land. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	I am contracting continually a debt of gratitude which time will never see canceled. There is a treasury from which it will be repaid, but I do not dispense its stores. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	I am dying not just to attempt to end the barbarity of H-blocks or to gain the rightful recognition of political prisoners, but primarily because what is lost here is lost for the Republic. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	I am for violence if non-violence means we continue postponing a solution to the American black man's problem just to avoid violence. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	I am not afraid of the pen, or the scaffold, or the sword. I will tell the truth wherever I please. -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	I believe in a religion that believes in freedom. Any time I have to accept a religion that won't let me fight a battle for my people, I say to hell with that religion. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	I believe in human beings, and that all human beings should be respected as such, regardless of their color. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	I believe in the brotherhood of all men, but I don't believe in wasting brotherhood on anyone who doesn't want to practice it with me. Brotherhood is a two-way street. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	I believe that no man who holds a leader's position should ever accept favors from either side. He is then committed to show favors. A leader must stand alone. -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	I came home every Friday afternoon, riding the six miles on the back of a big mule. I spent Saturday and Sunday washing and ironing and cooking for the children and went back to my country school on Sunday afternoon. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	I can do this forever. Its like adjusting a pair -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	I define a factory as an organization that has figured it out, a place where people go to do what theyre told and earn a paycheck. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	I define anxiety as experiencing failure in advance. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	I define anxiety as experiencing failure in advanceand if you have anxiety about initiating a project, then of course you will associate risk with failure. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	I did a lot of things as a Muslim that I am sorry for now. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	I didn't get trained by the school system like other kids, and when I did concentrate on learning, my mind was cluttered and locked by the programming of the system. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	I do not expect the white media to create positive black male images. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	I don't even call it violence when it's in self defense; I call it intelligence. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	I dont know whats the matter with people: they dont learn by understanding, they learn by some other wayby rote or something. Their knowledge is so fragile! Richard Feynman -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	I dont remember writing most of these posts. -- Seth Godin , Whatcha Gonna Do With That Duck?: And Other Provocations, 2006-2012
work	sfw	I expected to die. At no time before the trial did I expect to escape with my life. Yet being executed in the gas chamber did not necessarily mean defeat. It could be one more step to bring the community to a higher level of consciousness. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	I have been blessed to visit the Holy City of Mecca. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	I have had so much at heart. Defeated, not conquered; disappointed, not discouraged. I have but to be more energetic and more faithful in the difficult and painful vocation to which my life is devoted. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	I have little taste for fashionable dissipations, cards, and dancing; the theatre and tea parties are my aversion, and I look with little envy on those who find their enjoyment in such transitory delights, if delights they may be called. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	I have more respect for a man who lets me know where he stands, even if he's wrong, than the one who comes up like an angel and is nothing but a devil. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	I have never had a vote, and I have raised hell all over this country. You don't need a vote to raise hell! You need convictions and a voice! -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	I have the people behind me and the people are my strength. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	I just don't believe that when people are being unjustly oppressed that they should let someone else set rules for them by which they can come out from under that oppression. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	I learned in the early part of my career that labor must bear the cross for others' sins, must be the vicarious sufferer for the wrongs that others do. -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	I must study alone, as I am condemned to do every thing alone, I believe, in this life. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	I preferred sewing to bossing little children. -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	I read Plato's 'Republic.' I read it through about five times until I could actually understand it. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	I shall be well enough when I get to Kentucky or Alabama. The tonic I need is the tonic of opposition. That always sets me on my feet. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	I shall try and effect all that is before me to perform; and God, I think, will surely give me strength for His work so long as He directs my line of duty. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	I spend 95% of my time persuading people to take action and just 5% of the time on the recipes. -- Seth Godin , Whatcha Gonna Do With That Duck?: And Other Provocations, 2006-2012
work	sfw	I think art is the ability to change people with your work, to see things as they are and then create stories, images, and interactions that change the marketplace. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	I think what motivates people is not great hate, but great love for other people. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	I want to take Negroes out of the ghetto and put them in good neighborhoods in good houses. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	I was a skeleton compared to what I used to be, but it didn't matter. Nothing really mattered except remaining unbroken. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	I was early taught by sorrow to shed tears, and now when sudden joy lights up, or any unexpected sorrow strikes my heart, I find it difficult to repress the full and swelling tide of feeling. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	I was only a working-class boy from a Nationalist ghetto. But it is repression that creates the revolutionary spirit of freedom. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	I was set to confront the might of the imperial empire with an M-1 carbine and enough hate to topple the world. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	I worship talents almost. I sinfully dare mourn that I possess them not. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	I would be cautious in embracing or rejecting doctrines. Had they been essential to our salvation, they would have been more explicitly declared in the Gospels, where we are so well taught the practice of every good word and work. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	I'd rather have roses on my table than diamonds on my neck. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it's for or against. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	I'm not a humanitarian, I'm a hell-raiser. -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	I've never joined any organization - not even the ones I've organized myself. I prize my own independence too much. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	Idealists are foolish enough to throw caution to the winds. They have advanced mankind and have enriched the world. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Idealists foolish enough to throw caution to the winds have advanced mankind and have enriched the world. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	If I can't dance, I don't want to be part of your revolution. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	If all we do with these tools is teach compliance and consumption, that's all we're going to get. School can and must do more than train the factory workers of tomorrow. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	If ballots won't work, bullets will. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	If consumers have everything they need, theres nothing left to buy except stuff that they want. And the reason they buy stuff they want is because of the way it makes them feel. -- Seth Godin , All Marketers Are Liars: The Power of Telling Authentic Stories in a Low-Trust World
work	sfw	If everyone tries to lead all the time, not much happens. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	If failure is not an option, then neither is success. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	If it scares you, it might be a good thing to try. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	If it wasnt a mystery, it would be easy. If it were easy, it wouldnt be worth much. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	If love does not know how to give and take without restrictions, it is not love, but a transaction that never fails to lay stress on a plus and a minus. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	If school is about postponing the day you have to stand up in front of the world and put yourself at risk, the resistance would like to stay there forever. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	If the ends don't justify the means, what does? -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	If the game is designed for you to lose, dont play that game. Play a different one. Hiring -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	If they want to hang me, let them. And on the scaffold I will shout Freedom for the working class! -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	If this work can contribute in any way toward proving this, and at the same time arouse the conscience of the American people to a demand for justice to every citizen, and punishment by law for the lawless, I shall feel I have done my race a service. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	If voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	If we had only those things which are procured with ease and freedom from danger, we should find the comforts and luxuries, if not many of the necessaries of life, considerably diminished. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	If you appreciate a gift, consider saying, thank you and . . . -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	If you are deliberately trying to create a future that feels safe, you will willfully ignore the future that is likely. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	If you can discipline yourself to read, you can free up two years of your life for the good stuff!) -- Seth Godin , Small Is the New Big: and 183 Other Riffs, Rants, and Remarkable Business Ideas
work	sfw	If you can't be remarkable, perhaps you should consider doing nothing until you can. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	If you cant fail, it doesnt count. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	If you cant state your position in eight words, you dont have a position. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	If you don't know how it works, find out. If you're not sure if it will work, try it. If it doesn't make sense, play with it until it does. If it's not broken, break it. If it might not be true, find out. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	If you have a dog, I must have a dog. If you have a rifle, I must have a rifle. If you have a club, I must have a club. This is equality. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	If you have no critics you'll likely have no success. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	If you need to conceal your true nature to get in the door, understand that you'll probably have to conceal your true nature to keep that job. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	If you never fail, either you're really lucky or you haven't shipped anything. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	If you really want to make a friend, go to someone's house and eat with him... the people who give you their food give you their heart. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	If you stop struggling, then you stop life. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	If you think the solution is more rules and less humanity, I fear you will be disappointed by the results. Organizations that can bring humanity and flexibility to their interactions with other human beings will thrive. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	If you turn the other cheek, you can be enslaved for 1,000 years. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	If you want to remember me, organize! -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	If you're brilliant and undiscovered and underappreciated (in whatever field you choose), then you're being too generous about your definition of brilliant. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	If you're not ready to die for it, put the word 'freedom' out of your vocabulary. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	If you're not uncomfortable in your work as a leader, its almost certain you're not reaching your potential as a leader. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	If, if a white man puts his arm around me voluntarily, that's brotherhood. But if you - if you hold a gun on him and make him embrace me and pretend to be friendly or brotherly toward me, then that's not brotherhood, that's hypocrisy. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	In a battle between two ideas, the best one doesn't necessarily win. No, the idea that wins is the one with the most fearless heretic behind it. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	In a crowded marketplace, fitting in is failing. In a busy marketplace, not standing out is the same as being invisible. -- Seth Godin , Purple Cow: Transform Your Business by Being Remarkable
work	sfw	In a story so good that it should be apocryphal, Zappos offers graduates of their two-week paid training school $2,000 if they will quit their new jobs. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	In all our deeds, the proper value and respect for time determines success or failure. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	In an era of grassroots change, the top of the pyramid is too far away from where the action is to make much of a difference. It -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	In creating an ideavirus, the advertiser creates an environment in which the idea can replicate and spread. Its the virus that does the work, not the marketer. -- Seth Godin , Unleashing the SUPER Ideavirus
work	sfw	In fact, stories only magnify the need to have something remarkable (and honest) to say. -- Seth Godin , All Marketers Are Liars: The Power of Telling Authentic Stories in a Low-Trust World
work	sfw	In order to do good, a man must be good; and he will not be good except he have instruction by counsel and by example. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	In other words, they believe its wiser to focus more on increasing sales to a smaller percentage of your existing customers than to find new ones. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	In some cases non-violence requires more militancy than violence. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	In the Bible, God offered the Pharaoh freedom if he would just let the oppressed people free to go to the land of milk and honey. But the Pharaoh disobeyed, and he was destroyed. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	In the Imperialist Era, the foreign loan played an outstanding part as a means for young capitalist countries to acquire independence. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	In the Muslim world, I had seen that men with white complexions were more genuinely brotherly than anyone else had ever been. That... was the start of a radical alteration in my whole outlook about 'white men.' -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	In the case of personality, most psychologists agree that there are five traits that are essential in how people look at us: openness, conscientiousness, extraversion, agreeableness, and emotional stability. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	In the true sense one's native land, with its background of tradition, early impressions, reminiscences and other things dear to one, is not enough to make sensitive human beings feel at home. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	In unstable times, growth comes from leaders who create change and engage their organizations, instead of from managers who push their employees to do more for less. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	In your career, even more than for a brand, being safe is risky. The path to lifetime job security is to be remarkable. -- Seth Godin , Purple Cow: Transform Your Business by Being Remarkable
work	sfw	Indulged habits of dependence create habits of indolence, and indolence opens the portal to petty errors, to many degrading habits, and to vice and crime with their attendant train of miseries. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	Initiating is really and truly difficult, and thats what leaders do. They see something others are ignoring and they jump on it. They cause the events that others have to react to. They make change. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Initiative = Happiness -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Initiative and starting are about neither of these. They are about lets see and try. If theres no clear right answer, perhaps the thing you ought to do is something new. Something new is often the right path when the world is complicated. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	Injustice boils in men's hearts as does steel in its cauldron, ready to pour forth, white hot, in the fullness of time. -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you ought to set up a life you don't need to escape from. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you should set up a life you don't need to escape from. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Integration will not bring a man back from the grave. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	It does not matter what you know about anything if you cannot communicate to your people. In that event, you are not even a failure. You're just not there. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	It doesn't matter if anyone reads it, buys it, sponsors it or shares it. It matters that you show up. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	It doesnt hurt to ask Actually, it does hurt. It does hurt to ask the wrong way, to ask without preparation, to ask without permission. It hurts because you never get another chance to ask right. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	It encourages you to focus on your work and the generosity that comes from interacting with (and helping) your community. -- Seth Godin , Graceful
work	sfw	It is my deepest belief that only by giving our lives do we find life. I am convinced that the truest act of courage, the strongest act of manliness is to sacrifice ourselves for others in a totally non-violent struggle for justice. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	It is not Christianity, but priestcraft that has subjected woman as we find her. -- Lucretia Mott
work	sfw	It is of no use to commit whole pages to memory, merely to recite them once without hesitation; you must think of the meaning more than the words - of the ideas more than the language. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	It's clearly more fun to make the rules than to follow them. ~ -- Seth Godin -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	It's got to be the ballot or the bullet. The ballot or the bullet. If you're afraid to use an expression like that, you should get back in the cotton patch, you should get back in the alley. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	It's hard for anyone intelligent to be nonviolent. Everything in the universe does something when you start playing with his life, except the American Negro. He lays down and says, 'Beat me, daddy.' -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	It's war that makes generals -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Its Almost Impossible to Overinvest in Becoming the Market Leader. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	Its damaging to build organizations around repetitive faceless work that brings no connection and no joy. As -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Its hard for me to imagine how a $50 million marketing campaign is ever appropriate for any business to launch an ideavirus. If you need to interrupt that many people, you're doing something wrong. -- Seth Godin , Unleashing the SUPER Ideavirus
work	sfw	Its never too late ...to start heading in the right direction. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Its really easy to insist that people read the manual. Its really easy to blame the user/student/prospect/customer for not trying hard, for being too stupid to get it, or for not caring enough to pay attention. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Jasmine, the name of which signifies fragrance, is the emblem of delicacy and elegance. It is reared with difficulty in New England, but at the South, puts forth all its graces. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	Just about everything you learned in school about life is wrong, but the wrongest thing might very well be this: Being well rounded is the secret to success. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	Kindness creates connection. It generates respect (on both sides) and it scales. -- Seth Godin , Graceful
work	sfw	Know,' says a wise writer, the historian of kings, 'Know the men that are to be trusted'; but how is this to be? The possession of knowledge involves both time and opportunities. Neither of these are 'handservants at command.' -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	Last guys don't finish nice. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	Leaders lead when they take positions, when they connect with their tribes, and when they help the tribe connect to itself. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Leaders who set out to give are more productive than leaders who seek to get. Even -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Leadership is the art of giving people a platform for spreading ideas that work. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Leadership isn't something that people hand to you. ... [i]t's a gradual process, one where you take responsibility years before you are given authority. And that's something we can teach. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Leadership, on the other hand, is about creating change you believe in. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Learning is not done to you, it is something you choose to do. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	Learning, while at school, that the charge for the education of girls was the same as that for boys, and that, when they became teachers, women received only half as much as men for their services, the injustice of this distinction was so apparent. -- Lucretia Mott
work	sfw	Leo Babautas brilliant little book Zen Habits helps you think your way through this problem. His program is simple: Attempt to create only one significant work a year. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Let our lives be in accordance with our convictions of right, each striving to carry out our principles. -- Lucretia Mott
work	sfw	Life is a corrupting process from the time a child learns to play his mother off against his father in the politics of when to go to bed; he who fears corruption fears life. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	Life is actually far better than it is in the movies. And it takes longer. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Lifes too short to fight the forces of change. Lifes too short to hate what you do all day. Lifes way too short to make mediocre stuff. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Los lderes son vulnerables, no controladores, y nos llevan a un lugar nuevo, no a la seguridad barata, rpida y sumisa. -- Seth Godin , El engao de caro: Hasta dnde quieres volar?
work	sfw	Los mitos y los sueos proceden del mismo lugar... Un mito es el sueo de una sociedad. Joseph Campbell -- Seth Godin , El engao de caro: Hasta dnde quieres volar?
work	sfw	Make it easy to believe. -- Seth Godin , Free Prize Inside: The Next Big Marketing Idea
work	sfw	Malcolm X was the first political person in this country that I really identified with. If he had lived and not been purged, I probably would have joined the Muslims. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	Man is not made better by being degraded; he is seldom restrained from crime by harsh measures, except the principle of fear predominates in his character, and then he is never made radically better for its influence. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	Mankind has been and is divided into three parts: the Haves, the Have-Nots, and the Have-a-Little, Want Mores. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	Marketing is the act of telling stories about the things we makestories that sell and stories that spread. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Marketing is the name we use to describe the promise a company makes, the story it tells, the authentic way it delivers on that promise. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Marketing is too important to be left to the marketing department. David Packard -- Seth Godin , Purple Cow: Transform Your Business by Being Remarkable
work	sfw	Marketing used to be about advertising, and advertising is expensive. Today, marketing is about engaging with the tribe and delivering products and services with stories that spread. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Marxism is a revolutionary worldview that must always struggle for new revelations. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	Mediocre is merely a failed attempt to be really good. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Men need knowledge in order to overpower their passions and master their prejudices. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	Merely external emancipation has made of the modern woman an artificial being. Now, woman is confronted with the necessity of emancipating herself from emancipation, if she really desires to be free. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Morality and its victim, the mother - what a terrible picture! Is there indeed anything more terrible, more criminal, than our glorified sacred function of motherhood? -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	More fashion = less need for quality -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Most of our lives in public are spent papering over, rationalizing, and otherwise denying our fear. We go to war because were afraid, and we often go to spiritual events for the very same reason. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	My Alma mater was books, a good library... I could spend the rest of my life reading, just satisfying my curiosity. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	My address is like my shoes. It travels with me. I abide where there is a fight against wrong. -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	My black brothers and sisters - of all religious beliefs, or of no religious beliefs - we all have in common the greatest binding tie we could have. We are all black people! -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	My father didn't know his last name. My father got his last name from his grandfather, and his grandfather got it from his grandfather who got it from the slavemaster. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	My father didn't know his real name. My father got his name from his grandfather and he got his name from his grandfather and he got it from the slave master. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	My friend didnt understand what it means to be in the world, to be present and aware. -- Seth Godin , Graceful
work	sfw	My happiest hours are spent in school, surrounded by those I hope to benefit. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	My only fixed truth is a belief in people: a conviction that if people have the opportunity to act freely and the power to control their own destinies, they'll generally reach the right decisions. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	My teachers treated me as a diamond in the rough, someone who needed smoothing. -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	My wish is to be known only thru my work. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	Never quit something with great long-term potential just because you cant deal with the stress of the moment. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	No blessing, no good, can follow in the path trodden by slavery. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	No great idea in its beginning can ever be within the law. How can it be within the law? The law is stationary. The law is fixed. The law is a chariot wheel which binds us all regardless of conditions or place or time. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	No nation, savage or civilized, save only the United States of America, has confessed its inability to protect its women save by hanging, shooting, and burning alleged offenders. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	No one can say, 'I have dropped out - I am no longer in the system.' When you're in prison, you're even closer to the system: you feel it more, and you might be in there for whatever reason. You don't transform the system as an absolute thing. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	No one has a transparent view of the world. In fact, we all carry around a personal worldviewthe biases and experiences and expectations that color the way we perceive the world. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child. The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	No one knows more about the way you think than you do. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	No politician can sit on a hot issue if you make it hot enough. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	No real social change has ever been brought about without a revolution... revolution is but thought carried into action. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	No, we are not anti-white. But we don't have time for the white man. The white man is on top already, the white man is the boss already... He has first-class citizenship already. So you are wasting your time talking to the white man. We are working on our own people. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Nobody can give you freedom. Nobody can give you equality or justice or anything. If you're a man, you take it. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Nobody should teach the black man in America to turn the other cheek, unless someone is teaching the white man in America to turn the other cheek. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Nonviolence is fine as long as it works. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Not one black man is prominent in Brazil. The Negroes there are still at the bottom. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Not only must you be an artist, must you be generous, and must you be able to see where you can help but you must also be aware. Aware of where your skills are welcomed. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Nothing seems to me so likely to make people unhappy in themselves and at variance with others as the habit of killing time. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	Now, though, the proletariat owns the means of production. Now, the workers are self-organized online. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Of my English friends, I should find language too poor to speak the just praise and the excellence which shines in their characters and lives. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	On rare occasions one does hear of a miraculous case of a married couple falling in love after marriage, but on close examination it will be found that it is a mere adjustment to the inevitable. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	On top of this, if you do great work you gain the reward of knowing you're doing great work. Your day snaps into alignment with your dreams, and you no longer have to pretend you're mediocre. You're free to contribute. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Once you accept your own death, all of a sudden you're free to live. You no longer care about your reputation. You no longer care except so far as your life can be used tactically to promote a cause you believe in. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	Once youve engaged with an organization or a relationship or a community, you owe it to your team to start. To initiate. To be the one who makes something happen. To do less is to steal from them. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	One cannot be too extreme in dealing with social ills; the extreme thing is generally the true thing. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	One day, Id like to write a book about the worst ads ever run, but my fear is that it would be too long. -- Seth Godin , Unleashing the SUPER Ideavirus
work	sfw	One of the things that school is for is to teach our children to understand and relish the idea of intellectualism, to develop into something more than a purpose-driven tool for the industrial state. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	One reason to buy a watch (or a book) is because you want to possess it, show it off, give it to your grandchildren. Holding a book is a luxury, one for which you pay a premium. -- Seth Godin , Whatcha Gonna Do with That Duck?: And Other Provocations, 2006-2012
work	sfw	One thing that most comic artists avoid is showing decisions. They show action, sure, and they show results, but they dont show (because its difficult to show) the hero or the villain making a choice. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	One way to become creative is to discipline yourself to generate bad ideas. The worse the better. Do it a lot and magically you'll discover that good ones slip through -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	One way to become creative is to discipline yourself to generate bad ideas. The worse the better. Do it a lot and magically youll discover that some good ones slip through. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	One way to figure out a great theory is to look at whats working in the real world and figure out what the various successes have in common. With -- Seth Godin , Purple Cow: Transform Your Business by Being Remarkable
work	sfw	Only through the conscious action of the working masses in city and country can it be brought to life, only through the people's highest intellectual maturity and inexhaustible idealism can it be brought safely through all storms and find its way to port. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	Only when human sorrows are turned into a toy with glaring colors will baby people become interested - for a while at least. The people are a very fickle baby that must have new toys every day. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Optimism is the most important human trait, because it allows us to evolve our ideas, to improve our situation, and to hope for a better tomorrow. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Or, more accurately, spend all day trying to avoid making a mistake? These are very different things. Defect-free is what people are often in search of. Meeting spec. Blameless. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Organizations that can bring humanity and flexibility to their interactions with other human beings will thrive. Why -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Our country's national crime is lynching. It is not the creature of an hour, the sudden outburst of uncontrolled fury, or the unspeakable brutality of an insane mob. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	Our culture works hard to prevent change. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Our economy now rewards artists far more than any other economy in history ever has. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Our language is the reflection of ourselves. A language is an exact reflection of the character and growth of its speakers. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	Our revenge will be the laughter of our children. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	Our society is struggling because during times of change, the very last people you need on your team are well-paid bureaucrats, note takers, literalists, manual readers, TGIF laborers, map followers, and fearful employees. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Passion can overcome fear - the fear of losing, of failing, of being traditional. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	Passion is caring enough about your art that you will do almost anything to give it away, to make it a gift, to change people. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Passion isnt project-specific. Its people-specific. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Passion isnt project-specific. Its people-specific. Some people are hooked on passion, deriving their sense of self from the act of being passionate. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	People cannot be free unless they are willing to sacrifice some of their interests to guarantee the freedom of others. The price of democracy is the ongoing pursuit of the common good by all of the people. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	People don't believe what you tell them. They rarely believe what you show them. They often believe what their friends tell them. They always believe what they tell themselves. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	People finally understood that the role of the social-democratic party rests on its conscious leadership of the mass struggle against the existing society, a struggle that must reckon with the vital, necessary conditions of capitalist society. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	People have been indoctrinated so completely by their jobs that they dont want to know how something works, theyre willing to accept that perhaps the laws of nature dont work as they expect, and by the way, can I have the remote? -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	People settle. They settle for less than they are capable of. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	People yearn for change, they relish being part of a movement, and they talk about things that are remarkable, not boring. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Perhaps your challenge isn't finding a better project or a better boss. Perhaps you need to get in touch with what it means to feel passionate. People with passion look for ways to make things happen. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Permission Marketers are totally obvious about their objectives with the consumer. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	Permission Marketing Is Anticipated, Personal, Relevant -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	Permission Marketing is just like dating. It turns strangers into friends and friends into lifetime customers. Many of the rules of dating apply, and so do many of the benefits. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	Permission Marketing is the tool that unlocks the power of the Internet. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	Permission Marketing represents a huge threat as well as a huge opportunity. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	Persistent people are able to visualize the idea of light at the end of the tunnel when others can't see it -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	Pick the target, freeze it, personalize it, and polarize it. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	Pleasures take to themselves wings and fly away; true knowledge remains forever. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	Politics is the reflex of the business and industrial world. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Power doesn't back up in the face of a smile, or in the face of a threat of some kind of nonviolent loving action. It's not the nature of power to back up in the face of anything but some more power. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Power in defense of freedom is greater than power in behalf of tyranny and oppression, because power, real power, comes from our conviction which produces action, uncompromising action. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Power is not only what you have but what the enemy thinks you have. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	Power never takes a back step only in the face of more power. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Pray for the dead and fight like hell for the living. -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	Preservation of one's own culture does not require contempt or disrespect for other cultures. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	Prostitution, although hounded, imprisoned, and chained, is nevertheless the greatest triumph of Puritanism. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Puritanism, in whatever expression, is a poisonous germ. On the surface everything may look strong and vigorous; yet the poison works its way persistently, until the entire fabric is doomed. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Quejarse es estpido. Acta u olvdalo. Stefan Sagmeister -- Seth Godin , El engao de caro: Hasta dnde quieres volar?
work	sfw	Quite or be exceptional. Average is for losers. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	Real Artists Ship -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Real education should consist of drawing the goodness and the best out of our own students. What better books can there be than the book of humanity? -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	Real gifts dont demand reciprocation (at least not direct reciprocation), and the best kinds of gifts are gifts of art. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Real gifts dont demand reciprocation (at least not direct reciprocation), and the best kinds of gifts are gifts of art. Alcoholics -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Reality is the best reassurance of all. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Reject the tyranny of picked. Pick yourself. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	Rich is my word for someone who can afford to make choices, who has enough resources to do more than merely survive. -- Seth Godin , We Are All Weird: The Myth of Mass and The End of Compliance
work	sfw	Ridicule is man's most potent weapon. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	School does a great job of teaching students to do what we set out to teach them. It works. The problem is that what were teaching is the wrong stuff. Here -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Schools have figured this out. They need shortcuts in order to successfully process millions of students a year, and theyve discovered that fear is a great shortcut on the way to teaching compliance. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Segregation is that which is forced upon an inferior by a superior. Separation is done voluntarily by two equals. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Selling is about a transference of emotion, not a presentation of facts. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	Settling is no fun. Its a malignant habit, a slippery slope that takes you to mediocrity. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	She solves problems that people havent predicted, sees things people havent seen, and connects people who need to be connected. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Since every effort in our educational life seems to be directed toward making of the child a being foreign to itself, it must of necessity produce individuals foreign to one another, and in everlasting antagonism with each other. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Since the Church is to be servant to the poor, it is our fault if that wealth is not channeled to help the poor in our world. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	Since the commencement of 1830, I had been living with Mr. Joseph Travis, who was to me a kind master and placed the greatest confidence in me; in fact, I had no cause to complain of his treatment of me. -- Nat Turner
work	sfw	Sitting at the table doesn't make you a diner. You must be eating some of what's on that plate. Being here in America doesn't make you an American. Being born here in America doesn't make you an American. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Skill and attitude are essential. Authority is not. In fact, authority can get in the way. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	So here we are. We live in a world where we have the -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	So sure, start with a slogan. But don't bother wasting any time on it if you're merely going for catchy. Aim for true instead. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	So we take the deal. We agree to do a job in exchange for a set of instructions. And for the hundred years that it led to increasing standards of living, it seemed like a very good deal. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Social democracy seeks and finds the ways, and particular slogans, of the workers' struggle only in the course of the development of this struggle, and gains directions for the way forward through this struggle alone. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	Social democracy... is only the advance guard of the proletariat, a small piece of the total working masses; blood from their blood, and flesh from their flesh. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	Some day the workers will take possession of your city hall, and when we do, no child will be sacrificed on the altar of profit! -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	Some people are gift givers by nature. They love their tribe, or they respect their art, and so they give. Not for an ulterior motive, but because it gives them joy. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Somebody must show that the Afro-American race is more sinned against than sinning, and it seems to have fallen upon me to do so. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	Someone has said that it requires less mental effort to condemn than to think. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Something remarkable is worth talking about. Worth noticing. Exceptional. New. Interesting. It's a Purple Cow. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Sometimes if you want to get rid of the gun, you have to pick the gun up. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	Sometimes, we're so focused on being consistent that we also lower the bar on amazing. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Soon is not as good as now. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	Sooner or later, many idealists transform themselves into disheartened realists who mistakenly believe that giving up is the same thing as being realistic. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	Steady, firm, and kind government of prisoners is the truest humanity and the best exercise of duty. It is with convicts as with children: unseasonable indulgence, indiscreetly granted, leads to mischiefs which we may deplore but cannot repair. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	Stick with the Dips that are likely to pan out, and quit the Cul-de-Sacs to focus your resources -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	Strangers Friends Customers Loyal Customers Former Customers -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	Strategic quitting is the secret of successful organisations. Reactive quitting and serial quitting are the bane of those that strive (and fail) to get what they want. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	Strategic quitting is the secret of successful organizations -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	Students must have initiative; they should not be mere imitators. They must learn to think and act for themselves - and be free. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	Stumbling is not falling. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Success comes from doing the hard part. When the hard part is all you've got, you're more likely to do it. And this is precisely why it's difficult to focus. Because focusing means acknowledging that you just signed up for the hard part. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Sure, ideas that spread, win, but ideas that dont get spoken always fail. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	THE RIGHT INFORMATION BRINGS KNOWLEDGE. AND KNOWLEDGE IS POWER. SHARING IT IS EMPOWERMENT. -- Seth Godin , Purple Cow: Transform Your Business by Being Remarkable
work	sfw	Tactics mean doing what you can with what you have. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	Tearing others down is never as helpful to a movement as building your followers up. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Tell your lizard (brain) to shut up. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Ten times as much polishing is definitely not ten times as good. Whether you're polishing a piece of furniture or an idea, the benefits diminish quickly. The polishing turns into stalling. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	That is, the wife must care for what the husband cares for if he is to remain resolute. -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	That statesman is indeed happy who can count as his friends the really honest and consistent, the true Patriots, and the men of honorable thought. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	That's your opportunity--to approach your work in a way that generates unique learning and interactions that are worth sharing. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	Thats itthree steps: motivate, connect, and leverage. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	The Afro-American is not a bestial race. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	The Afro-American is thus the backbone of the South. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	The American Negro has no conception of the hundreds of millions of other non-whites' concern for him: he has no conception of their feeling of brotherhood for and with him. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	The American Negro never can be blamed for his racial animosities - he is only reacting to 400 years of the conscious racism of the American whites. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	The Capone gang was actually a public utility; it supplied what the people wanted and demanded. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	The Cul-de-Sac ( French for "dead end" ) ... is a situation where you work and work and work and nothing much changes -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	The Dip creates scarcity; scarcity creates value -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	The Dip is the long stretch between beginners luck and real accomplishment. The Dip is the set of artificial screens set up to keep people like you out. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	The French, perhaps more than any other nation, cherish the memory of their dead by ornamenting their places of sepulture with the finest flowers, often renewing the garlands and replacing such plants as decay with vigorous and costly ones. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	The Honorable Elijah Muhammad says that we should be separate, all right, but in this separate state or separate existence, the black man should be given the opportunity and the incentive to do for himself what the white man has done for himself. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	The Honorable Elijah Muhammad teaches us that God, now, is about to establish a kingdom on this earth, based upon brotherhood and peace. And the white man is against brotherhood, and the white man is against peace. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	The Negro revolution is controlled by foxy white liberals, by the Government itself. But the Black Revolution is controlled only by God. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	The Prince' was written by Machiavelli for the Haves on how to hold power. 'Rules for Radicals' is written for the Have-Nots on how to take it away. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	The South is brutalized to a degree not realized by its own inhabitants, and the very foundation of government, law and order, are imperilled. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	The South resented giving the Afro-American his freedom, the ballot box and the Civil Rights Law. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	The State is the altar of political freedom and, like the religious altar, it is maintained for the purpose of human sacrifice. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	The Two Reasons Seeing the Future Is So Difficult Attachment to an outcome combined with the resistance and fear of change. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The White man pays Reverend Martin Luther King so that Martin Luther King can keep the Negro defenseless. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	The abundance mindset makes it easier to be graceful. -- Seth Godin , Graceful
work	sfw	The act of trying to guarantee the success of an innovation is almost certain to make it less likely that it will succeed. -- Seth Godin , Free Prize Inside: The Next Big Marketing Idea
work	sfw	The alleged menace of universal suffrage having been avoided by the absolute suppression of the negro vote, the spirit of mob murder should have been satisfied and the butchery of negroes should have ceased. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	The analysis, based on past events, certainly seems sound. But following your instincts is the only way you're going to do something unsound. -- Seth Godin , Whatcha Gonna Do With That Duck?: And Other Provocations, 2006-2012
work	sfw	The appeal to the white man's pocket has ever been more effectual than all the appeals ever made to his conscience. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	The best way to be missed when you're gone, Is to stand for something when you're here -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	The best way to overcome your fear of creativity, brainstorming, intelligent risk-taking, or navigating a tricky situation might be to sprint. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The biggest secret of the Internet is that it is inherently a direct marketing medium. In fact, the Internet is the greatest direct marketing medium of all time. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	The black man in Africa had mastered the arts and sciences. He knew the course of the stars in the universe before the man up in Europe knew that the earth wasn't flat. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	The burdens of generations of poverty and powerlessness lie heavy in the fields of America. If we fail, there are those who will see violence as the shortcut to change. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	The business model should be such that the employees needed possess the lowest possible level of skill necessary to fulfill the functions for which each is intended. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The capsules of the geranium furnish admirable barometers. Fasten the beard, when fully ripe, upon a stand, and it will twist itself or untwist, according as the air is moist or dry. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	The challenge is this: training creative, independent, and innovative artists is new to us. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	The challenge is to ask a two-part question: What next? What now? Asking is the hard part. -- Seth Godin , Whatcha Gonna Do With That Duck?: And Other Provocations, 2006-2012
work	sfw	The challenge is to focus on the work, not on the fear that comes from doing the work. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	The challenge with being an initiator of projects is that you are never, ever done. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	The challenge, it turns out, isnt in perfecting your ability to know when to start and when to stand by. The challenge is getting into the habit of -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	The city of Memphis has demonstrated that neither character nor standing avails the Negro if he dares to protect himself against the white man or become his rival. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	The combination of passion and art is what makes someone a linchpin. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The connected economy of ideas demands that we contribute initiative. And yet we resist, because our lizard brain, the one that lives in fear, relentlessly exaggerates the cost of being wrong. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	The craftsman and the artist say, Here, I made this. The workingman is asked to follow instructions. -- Seth Godin , The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?
work	sfw	The current (educational) structure, which seeks low-cost uniformity that meets minimum standards, is killing our economy, our culture, and us. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	The day will dawn when all the people of Ireland will have the desire for freedom to show. It is then we'll see the rising of the moon. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	The demand for equal rights in every vocation of life is just and fair; but, after all, the most vital right is the right to love and be loved. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	The desire to fail on the way to reaching a bigger goal is the untold secret of success. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	The duties of a teacher are neither few nor small, but they elevate the mind and give energy to the character. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	The easiest thing is to react. The second easiest thing is to respond. But the hardest thing is to initiate. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	The end of all knowledge should be service to others. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	The epic battle of our generation is between the status quo of mass and the never-ceasing tide of weird. -- Seth Godin , We Are All Weird: The Rise of Tribes and the End of Normal
work	sfw	The essential thing to know about the Dip is that its there. Knowing that you're facing a Dip is the first step in getting through it. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	The existing legal constitution is nothing but the product of a revolution. Revolution is the act of political creation in the history of classes, while constitutional legislation is the expression of the continual political vegetation of a society. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	The fact is that, in all prisons everywhere, cruelties on the one hand and injudicious laxity of discipline on the other have at times appeared and will, at intervals, be renewed except the most vigilant oversight is maintained. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	The fact is, a bigger badge isnt going to help at all. People arent going to follow you because you order them to. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The factory is a dead end and so is compliance. More obedience will not make us better. Thats why graceful is in such demand. -- Seth Godin , Graceful
work	sfw	The fight is never about grapes or lettuce. It is always about people. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	The first book I ever really read was Plato's 'Republic,' and then I had to go over that five times or something. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	The first lesson a revolutionary must learn is that he is a doomed man. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	The first step in community organization is community disorganization. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	The future belongs to those who prepare for it today. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	The future of your organization depends on motivated human beings selflessly contributing unasked-for gifts of emotional labor. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The goal is to quit the tasks you're doing because you're hiding on behalf of the lizard brain and to push through the very tasks the lizard fears. Is -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The goal of Dr. Martin Luther King is to give Negroes a chance to sit in a segregated restaurant beside the same white man who had brutalized them for 400 years. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	The great benefactors of individuals and of communities are the enlightened educators: the wise-teaching, mental and moral instructors and exemplars of our times. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	The greatest enemy of individual freedom is the individual himself. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	The habit of doing more than is necessary can only be earned through practice. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	The history of progress is written in the blood of men and women who have dared to espouse an unpopular cause, as, for instance, the black man's right to his body, or woman's right to her soul. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	The individual whose vision encompasses the whole world often feels nowhere so hedged in and out of touch with his surroundings as in his native land. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	The industrial age is ending, and a new one is beginning. It produces art instead of stuff and it rewards gracefulness. -- Seth Godin , Graceful
work	sfw	The job isnt to catch up to the status quo; the job is to invent the status quo. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	The job of the organizer is to maneuver and bait the establishment so that it will publicly attack him as a 'dangerous enemy.' -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	The key piece of leverage was this promise: follow these instructions and you dont have to think. Do your job and you dont have to be responsible for decisions. Most of all, you dont have to bring your genius to work. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The laws given on Mount Sinai for the government of man and woman were equal; the precepts of Jesus make no distinction. -- Lucretia Mott
work	sfw	The librarian is the interface between reams of data and the untrained but motivated user. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	The librarian isn't a clerk who happens to work in a library. A librarian is a data hound, a guide, a sherpa and a teacher. The librarian is the interface between reams of data and the untrained but motivated user. -- Seth Godin , The Library Book
work	sfw	The linchpin feels the fear, acknowledges it, then proceeds. I can't tell you how to do this; I think the answer is different for everyone. What I can tell you is that in today's economy, doing it is a prerequisite for success. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The linchpin feels the fear, acknowledges it, then proceeds. I cant tell you how to do this; I think the answer is different for everyone. What I can tell you is that in todays economy, doing it is a prerequisite for success. The -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The market ... demands a signal from you that you're serious, powerful, accepted, and safe. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	The masses are in reality their own leaders, dialectically creating their own development process. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	The masses are the decisive element, they are the rock on which the final victory of the revolution will be built. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	The media's the most powerful entity on earth. They have the power to make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent, and that's power. Because they control the minds of the masses. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	The miners lost because they had only the constitution. The other side had bayonets. In the end, bayonets always win. -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	The mob spirit has grown with the increasing intelligence of the Afro-American. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	The more that social democracy develops, grows, and becomes stronger, the more the enlightened masses of workers will take their own destinies, the leadership of their movement, and the determination of its direction into their own hands. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	The most unpardonable sin in society is independence of thought. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	The most violent element in society is ignorance. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	The motto should not be: Forgive one another; rather understand one another. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	The negro has suffered far more from the commission of this crime against the women of his race by white men than the white race has ever suffered through his crimes. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	The new American Dream, though, the one that markets around the world are embracing as fast as they can, is this: Be remarkable Be generous Create art Make judgment calls Connect people and ideas -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The nineteenth century lynching mob cuts off ears, toes, and fingers, strips off flesh, and distributes portions of the body as souvenirs among the crowd. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	The number one thing to steal from your competitors: Wisdom. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	The object of the new school is to teach reasonable doubt. Not the unreasonable doubt of the wild-eyed heckler, but the evidence-based doubt of the questioning scientist and the reason-based doubt of the skilled debater. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	The olive branch has been consecrated to peace, palm branches to victory, the laurel to conquest and poetry, the myrtle to love and pleasure, the cypress to mourning, and the willow to despondency. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	The only purpose of starting is to finish, and while the projects we do are never really finished, they must ship. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The only thing that makes people and organizations great is their willingness to be not great along the way. The desire to fail on the way to reaching a bigger goal is the untold secret of success. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	The only times an Afro-American who was assaulted got away has been when he had a gun and used it in self-defense. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	The only way to get what you're worth is to stand out, to exert emotional labor, to be seen as indispensable, and to produce interactions that organizations and people care deeply about. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The organizer dedicated to changing the life of a particular community must first rub raw the resentments of the people of the community. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	The people must know before they can act, and there is no educator to compare with the press. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	The people who are the best in the world specialize at getting really good at the questions they don't know. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	The people who skip the hard questions are in the majority, but they are not in demand. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	The policemen or soldiers are only a gun in the establishments hand. They make the racist secure in his racism. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	The political arena leaves one no alternative, one must either be a dunce or a rogue. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	The problem doesnt lie with the great teachers. Great teachers strive to create linchpins. The problem lies with the system that punishes artists and rewards bureaucrats instead. Here -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The problem is that most schools dont like great teachers. Theyre organized to stamp them out, bore them, bureaucratize them, and make them average. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The problem with competition is that it takes away the requirement to set your own path, to invent your own method, to find a new way. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The problem with meeting expectations is that its not remarkable. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The reason Steve Herrells shop did so well is that it was famous for having a line! People brought folks from out of town to have the experience. -- Seth Godin , Unleashing the SUPER Ideavirus
work	sfw	The reason you might choose to embrace the artist within you now is that this is the path to (cue the ironic music) security. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The revolution has always been in the hands of the young. The young always inherit the revolution. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	The road to comfort is crowded and it rarely gets you there. Ironically, its those who seek out discomfort that are able to make a difference and find their footing. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The rose is the flower and handmaiden of love - the lily, her fair associate, is the emblem of beauty and purity. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	The secret of being wrong isnt to avoid being wrong! The secret is being willing to be wrong. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	The secret of being wrong isnt to avoid being wrong! The secret is being willing to be wrong. The secret is realizing that wrong isnt fatal. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	The secret of leadership is simple: Do what you believe in. Paint a picture of the future. Go there. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	The secret of leadership is simple: Do what you believe in. Paint a picture of the future. Go there. People will follow. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	The secret to being wrong isn't to avoid being wrong! The secret is being willing to be wrong. The secret is realizing that wrong isn't fatal. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	The threat is usually more terrifying than the thing itself. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	The time to look for a new job is when you don't need one. The time to switch jobs is before it feels comfortable. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	The true Islam has shown me that a blanket indictment of all white people is as wrong as when whites make blanket indictments against blacks. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	The ultimate end of all revolutionary social change is to establish the sanctity of human life, the dignity of man, the right of every human being to liberty and well-being. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	The value we create is directly related to how much valuable information we can produce, how much trust we can earn, and how often we innovate. -- Seth Godin , The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?
work	sfw	The walls, the bars, the guns and the guards can never encircle or hold down the idea of the people. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	The white man made the mistake of letting me read his history books. He made the mistake of teaching me that Patrick Henry was a patriot and George Washington - wasn't nothing non-violent about old Pat or George Washington. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	The white man's dollar is his god, and to stop this will be to stop outrages in many localities. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	The white man's victory soon became complete by fraud, violence, intimidation and murder. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	The white man, in his press, is going to identify me with 'hate.' -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	The working classes in every country only learn to fight in the course of their struggles. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	The world has never yet seen a truly great and virtuous nation because in the degradation of woman the very fountains of life are poisoned at their source. -- Lucretia Mott
work	sfw	Then a deadline arrives and you have to cut it short. Is shipping that important? I think it is. I think the discipline of shipping is essential in the long-term path to becoming indispensable. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	There are fewer and fewer good jobs where you can get paid merely for showing up. Instead, successful organizations are paying for people who make a difference and are shedding everyone else. Just -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	There are no longer any great jobs where someone else tells you precisely what to do. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	There are two mistakes one can make along the road to truth. Not going all the way, and not starting. Siddhrtha Gautama -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	There can be no darker or more devastating tragedy than the death of man's faith in himself and in his power to direct his future. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	There is no better than adversity. Every defeat, every heartbreak, every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	There is no hope even that woman, with her right to vote, will ever purify politics. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	There is no law for farm labor organizing, save the law of the jungle. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	There is no more apartheid in South Africa than in the United States. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	There is no substitute for hard work, 23 or 24 hours a day. And there is no substitute for patience and acceptance. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	There is no such thing as defeat in non-violence. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	There is nothing in our book, the Koran, that teaches us to suffer peacefully. Our religion teaches us to be intelligent. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	There is nothing of greater importance to the well-being of society at large - of man as well as woman - than the true proper position of woman. -- Lucretia Mott
work	sfw	There is nothing we can do about the lynching now, as we are out-numbered and without arms. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	There is that much to be done that no select or small portion of people can do; only the greater mass of the Irish nation will ensure the achievement of a Socialist Republic, and this can only be done by hard work and sacrifice. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	There is, I think, great difficulty in writing of one's self: it is almost impossible to present subjects where the chief actor must be conspicuous and not seem to be, or really be, egotistical. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	There is, in our nature, a disposition to indulgence, a secret desire to escape from labor, which, unless hourly combated, will overcome and destroy the best faculties of our minds and paralyze our most useful powers. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	There will be no prison which can hold our movement down. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	There's no reason for the establishment to fear me. But it has every right to fear the people collectively - I am one with the people. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	They dont understand that Excellence isnt about working extra hard to do what you're told. Its about taking the initiative to do work you decide is worth doing. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	They have nothing in their entire arsenal to break the spirit of one single Republican prisoner-of-war who refuses to be broken,' I thought, and that was very true. They cannot or never will break our spirit. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	They have nothing in their whole imperial arsenal that can break the spirit of one Irishman who doesn't want to be broken. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	They say, 'Nothing can be done here!' I reply, 'I know no such word in the vocabulary I adopt!' -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	They won't break me because the desire for freedom, and the freedom of the Irish people, is in my heart. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	They won't break me because the desire for freedom, and the freedom of the Irish people, is in my heart. The day will dawn when all the people of Ireland will have the desire for freedom to show. It is then that we will see the rising of the moon. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	Theyre building an asset that has nothing to do with brand and everything to do with their relationship with you. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	Think how slow would be your progress in learning without printed books: you could study only manuscripts, and those necessarily must be very few in number. Learn from this to value your books, and always handle them with care. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	This is an addictive pastime. You take no real risk, touch the world, and it responds. Repeat. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	Thomas Hawk is the most successful digital photographer in the world. He has taken tens of thousands of pictures, on his way to his goal of taking a million in his lifetime. The -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Those who do not move, do not notice their chains. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	Those who do wrong very often think others are censuring them, when they are not even thought of. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	Those who fear risk also begin to fear movement of any kind. -- Seth Godin , Poke The Box: When Was the Last Time You Did Something for the First Time?
work	sfw	Those who read the Scriptures and judge for themselves, not resting satisfied with the perverted application of the text, do not find the distinction that theology and ecclesiastical authorities have made in the condition of the sexes. -- Lucretia Mott
work	sfw	Though many of the poor have come to see the affluent middle class as its enemy, that class actually stands between the poor and the real powers in this society - the administrative octopus with its head in Washington, the conglomerates, the military complex. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	Thus lynch law held sway in the far West until civilization spread into the Territories and the orderly processes of law took its place. The emergency no longer existing, lynching gradually disappeared from the West. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	Time passed solely in the pursuit of pleasure leaves no solid enjoyment for the future; but from the hours you spend in reading and studying useful books, you will gather a golden harvest in future years. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	To be a man is to suffer for others. God help us to be men! -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	To be willing to do new things you don't think you'll like requires you to prefer the unknown. Not just tolerate it, but to prefer it. -- Seth Godin , Graceful
work	sfw	To be willing to do new things you dont think youll like requires you to prefer the unknown. Not just to tolerate it, but to prefer it. -- Seth Godin , Graceful
work	sfw	To have once been a criminal is no disgrace. To remain a criminal is the disgrace. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	To me, the avocation of a teacher has something elevating and exciting. While surrounded by the young, one may always be doing good. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	To the indefinite, uncertain mind of the American radical the most contradictory ideas and methods are possible. The result is a sad chaos in the radical movement, a sort of intellectual hash, which has neither taste nor character. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	To the moralist prostitution does not consist so much in the fact that the woman sells her body, but rather that she sells it out of wedlock. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	To the organizer, compromise is a key and beautiful word. It is always present in the pragmatics of operation... If you start with nothing, demand 100 percent, then compromise for 30 percent, you're 30 percent ahead. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	Today, not starting is far, far worse than being wrong. If you start, you've got a shot at evolving and adjusting to turn your wrong into a right. But if you don't start, you never get a chance. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	Transferring your passion to your job is far easier than finding a job that happens to match your passion. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Transparency in the traditional school might destroy it. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	Truth is on the side of the oppressed. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Trying to appeal to everyone is almost sure to fail, for the simple reason that everyone wants something different! -- Seth Godin , Unleashing the Ideavirus: Stop Marketing AT People! Turn Your Ideas into Epidemics by Helping Your Customers Do the Marketing Thing for You.
work	sfw	Universities no longer spend as much time bragging about the size of their libraries. The -- Seth Godin , Whatcha Gonna Do With That Duck?: And Other Provocations, 2006-2012
work	sfw	Waiting isnt easy, which is precisely why it is so effective when engaging with other people. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	We Muslims believe that the white race, which is guilty of having oppressed and exploited and enslaved our people here in America, should and will be the victims of God's divine wrath. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	We are not anti-white. But we don't have time for the white man. The white man is on top already, the white man is the boss already... he has first-class citizenship already. So you are wasting your time talking to the white man. We are working on our own people. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	We are not sent into this world mainly to enjoy the loveliness therein, nor to sit us down in passive ease; no, we were sent here for action. The soul that seeks to do the will of God with a pure heart, fervently, does not yield to the lethargy of ease. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	We believe what we want to believe, and once we believe something, it becomes a self-fulfilling truth. -- Seth Godin , All Marketers Are Liars: The Power of Telling Authentic Stories in a Low-Trust World
work	sfw	We can schedule for it. Thursday, April 3rd, 3:05start something. We can train for it, plan for it, announce it, and even hire for it. If initiating is as essential to the modern organization as it appears, we better be doing all of that and more. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	We cannot seek achievement for ourselves and forget about progress and prosperity for our community... Our ambitions must be broad enough to include the aspirations and needs of others, for their sakes and for our own. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	We do not need to teach students to embrace the status quo. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	We draw our strength from the very despair in which we have been forced to live. We shall endure. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	We drink the can, not the beverage. -- Seth Godin , All Marketers Are Liars: The Power of Telling Authentic Stories in a Low-Trust World
work	sfw	We farm workers are closest to food production. We were the first to recognize the serious health hazards of agriculture pesticides to both consumers and ourselves. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	We have little choice but to move beyond quality and seek remarkable, connected, and new. Remarkable, as you've already figured out, demands initiative. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	We have little choice but to move beyond quality and seek remarkable, connected, and new. Remarkable, as youve already figured out, demands initiative. -- Seth Godin , Poke The Box: When Was the Last Time You Did Something for the First Time?
work	sfw	We have two evils to fight, capitalism and racism. We must destroy both racism and capitalism. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	We learned many years ago that the rich may have money, but the poor have time. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	We must believe that it is the darkest before the dawn of a beautiful new world. We will see it when we believe it. -- Saul Alinsky
work	sfw	We must see our present fight right through to the very end. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	We need librarians more than we ever did. What we don't need are mere clerks who guard dead paper. Librarians are too important to be a dwindling voice in our culture. For the right librarian, this is the chance of a lifetime. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	We need students who can learn how to learn, who can discover how to push themselves and are generous enough and honest enough to engage with the outside world to make those dreams happen. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	We need to help students and parents cherish and preserve the ethnic and cultural diversity that nourishes and strengthens this community - and this nation. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	We seek out experiences and products that deliver more value, more connection, and more experience, and change us for the better. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	We too often bind ourselves by authorities rather than by the truth. -- Lucretia Mott
work	sfw	We vote for a presidential candidate without saying, Why not run the country for a month and then well see . . -- Seth Godin , All Marketers Are Liars: The Power of Telling Authentic Stories in a Low-Trust World
work	sfw	We who follow the Honorable Elijah Muhammad feel that when you try and pass integration laws here in America, forcing white people to pretend that they are accepting black people, what you are doing is making white people act in a hypocritical way. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	We wish to be treated 'not as ordinary prisoners,' for we are not criminals. We admit no crime - unless, that is, the love of one's people and country is a crime. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	We won't organize any black man to be a Democrat or a Republican because both of them have sold us out. Both of them have sold us out; both parties have sold us out. Both parties are racist, and the Democratic Party is more racist than the Republican Party. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	We've never advocated violence; violence is inflicted upon us. But we do believe in self-defense for ourselves and for black people. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	Well, I have gotten by twenty-seven years, so that is something. I may die, but the Republic of 1916 will never die. Onward to the Republic and liberation of our people. -- Bobby Sands
work	sfw	Were all obsessed with ideas because ideas, not products, are the engine of our new economy. -- Seth Godin , Unleashing the SUPER Ideavirus
work	sfw	Were extremely adroit at hiding our fear. Most of our lives in public are spent papering over, rationalizing, and otherwise denying our fear. We go to war because were afraid, and we often go to spiritual events for the very same reason. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	What I want to know is how the white man, with the blood of black people dripping off his fingers, can have the audacity to be asking black people, 'Do they hate him?' That takes a lot of nerve. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	What They Should Teach in School Only two things: 1. Solve interesting problems 2. Lead SOLVE -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	What an enthusiastic devotion is that which sends a man from the attractions of home, the ties of neighbourhood, the bonds of country, to range plains, valleys, hills, mountains, for a new flower. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	What becomes a crime deserving capital punishment when the tables are turned is a matter of small moment when the negro woman is the accusing party. -- Ida B. Wells
work	sfw	What greater bliss than to look back on days spent in usefulness, in doing good to those around us. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	What happens when the world cares more about unique voices and remarkable insights than it does about cheap labor -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	What is a Dixiecrat? A Democrat. A Dixiecrat is nothing but a Democrat in disguise. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	What is school for? If you're not asking that, you're wasting time and money. -- Seth Godin , Stop Stealing Dreams
work	sfw	What people are afraid of isnt failure. Its blame. Criticism. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	What we do know absolutely is that human lives are worth more than grapes and that innocent-looking grapes on the table may disguise poisonous residues hidden deep inside where washing cannot reach. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	Whatever the status quo is, changing it gives you the opportunity to be remarkable. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	Whatever your fight, don't be ladylike. -- Mother Jones
work	sfw	When access to information was limited, we needed to load student sup with facts. Now, when we have no scarcity of facts or the access to them, we need to load them up with understanding. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	When ghetto living seems normal, you have no shame, no privacy. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	When poor people get involved in a long conflict, such as a strike or a civil rights drive, and the pressure increases each day, there is a deep need for spiritual advice. Without it, we see families crumble, leadership weaken, and hard workers grow tired. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	When we are really honest with ourselves we must admit our lives are all that really belong to us. So it is how we use our lives that determines the kind of men we are. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	When we can't dream any longer we die. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	When we say Afro American, we include everyone in the Western Hemisphere of African descent. South America is America. Central America is America. South America has many people in it of African descent. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	When we try to drill and practice someone into subservient obedience, were stamping out the artist that lives within. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	When you are leading a tribe, a tribe that you belong to, the benefits increase, the work gets easier, and the results are more obvious. Thats the best reason to overcome the fear. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	When you hire amazing people and give them freedom, they do amazing stuff. And -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	When you learn to listen to your fear, youve found a compass that can show you what matters. -- Seth Godin , Graceful
work	sfw	When you meet someone, you need to have a superpower. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	When you set down the path to create art, whatever sort of art it is, understand that the path is neither short not easy. That means you must determine if the route is worth the effort. If it's not, dream bigger. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	When you work under the cloud of anxiety, the best strategy is to play it safe, because if (when!) it fails, youll be blameless. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	When your art fails, make better art. -- Seth Godin , The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?
work	sfw	When your organization becomes more human, more remarkable, faster on its feet, and more likely to connect directly with customers, it becomes indispensable. The very thing that made your employee a linchpin makes YOU a linchpin. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Where did your art go while you were tweeting? -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	White America is in the minority. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Who gets the risks? The risks are given to the consumer, the unsuspecting consumer and the poor work force. And who gets the benefits? The benefits are only for the corporations, for the money makers. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	Why are you easily replaceable at one venue but not the other? Are you charming when you go on a date or meet a handsome guy at a party? But not at a meeting at work? -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	Why not, when it can be done without exposure or expense, let me rescue some of America's miserable children from vice and guilt? -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	Winners quit fast, quit often, and quit without guilt -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	With care and patience, people may accomplish things which, to an indolent person, would appear impossible. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	With limited time or opportunity to experiment, we intentionally narrow our choices to those at the top. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	Without a union, the people are always cheated, and they are so innocent. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	Without education, you are not going anywhere in this world. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Woman, essentially a purist, is naturally bigoted and relentless in her effort to make others as good as she thinks they ought to be. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Women need not always keep their mouths shut and their wombs open. -- Emma Goldman
work	sfw	Work for legal reform takes place only within the framework of the social form created by the last revolution. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	sfw	Wouldn't it be great to be gifted? In fact... It turns out that choices lead to habits. Habits become talents. Talents are labeled gifts. You're not born this way, you get this way. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Write like you talk. Often. -- Seth Godin , The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?
work	sfw	You are never strong enough that you don't need help. -- Cesar Chavez
work	sfw	You become a winner because you're good at losing. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	You can create dozens or even hundreds of paths for an individual to follow from the first contact until the highest level of permission is granted. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	You can jail a Revolutionary, but you can't jail the Revolution. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	You can keep waiting to get plucked from obscurity, or you can learn how to champion your project one person at a time. -- Seth Godin , Free Prize Inside: The Next Big Marketing Idea
work	sfw	You can tell the tree by the fruit it bears. You see it through what the organization is delivering as far as a concrete program. If the tree's fruit sours or grows brackish, then the time has come to chop it down - bury it and walk over it and plant new seeds. -- Huey Newton
work	sfw	You can't hate the roots of a tree and not hate the tree. You can't hate Africa and not hate yourself. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	You can't legislate good will - that comes through education. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	You can't separate peace from freedom because no one can be at peace unless he has his freedom. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	You can't win by being more average than average. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	You cannot create a piece of art merely for money. Doing it as part of commerce so denudes art of wonder that it ceases to be art. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	You do not equal the project. Criticism of the project is not criticism of you. -- Seth Godin , Purple Cow: Transform Your Business by Being Remarkable
work	sfw	You don't have a peaceful revolution. You don't have a turn-the-cheek revolution. There's no such thing as a nonviolent revolution. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	You don't have to be a man to fight for freedom. All you have to do is to be an intelligent human being. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	You dont become indispensable merely because you are different. But the only way to be indispensable is to be different. Thats because if you're the same, so are plenty of other people. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	You get to keep making art as long as you are willing to make the choices that let you make your art. -- Seth Godin , The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?
work	sfw	You have everything you need to build something far bigger than yourself. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	You have to realize that up until about 1959, Africa was dominated by the colonial powers. And by the colonial powers of Europe having complete control over Africa, they projected Africa always in a negative light - jungles, savages, cannibals, nothing civilized. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	You need editors, not brand managers,who will push the envelope to make [a brand media property] go forward. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	You show me a capitalist, and I'll show you a bloodsucker. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	You will fail at this. Often. Why is that a problem? In fact, this is a boon. Its a boon because when others fail to be remarkable or make a difference or share their art or have an impact, they will give up. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	You will never become a category of one if you run with the pack. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	You're not supposed to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who says it. -- Malcolm X
work	sfw	Your business has to work when its small in order to survive to the point where it gets big. -- Seth Godin , Small Is the New Big: and 183 Other Riffs, Rants, and Remarkable Business Ideas
work	sfw	Your first mistake might be assuming that people are rational. Your second mistake could be assuming that people are eager for change. And the marketer's third mistake is assuming that once someone knows things the way you know them, they will choose what you chose. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	Your job isnt to do your job. Your job is to decide what to do next. -- Seth Godin , The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?
work	sfw	Your minds may now be likened to a garden, which will, if neglected, yield only weeds and thistles; but, if cultivated, will produce the most beautiful flowers, and the most delicious fruits. -- Dorothea Dix
work	sfw	Your story is a symphony, not a note. -- Seth Godin , All Marketers Are Liars: The Power of Telling Authentic Stories in a Low-Trust World
work	sfw	as consumers, were too busy to pay attention to advertising, but were desperate to find good stuff that solves our problems. -- Seth Godin , Purple Cow: Transform Your Business by Being Remarkable
work	sfw	begin to realize that the safest thing you can do feels risky and the riskiest thing you can do is play it safe. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	believe that giving up is the same thing as being realistic. -- Seth Godin , Poke the Box
work	sfw	consumers, were too busy to pay attention to advertising, but were desperate to find good stuff that solves our problems. -- Seth Godin , Purple Cow: Transform Your Business by Being Remarkable
work	sfw	durability of customer relationships. Invest money in customer retention, because its a small fraction of the cost of customer acquisition. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	el nico freno que te impide convertirte en la clase de persona que cambia las cosas es este: la falta de fe. Fe en que puedes hacerlo. Fe en que vale la pena hacerlo. Fe en que un fracaso no acabar contigo. -- Seth Godin , Tribus: Necesitamos que T nos lideres
work	sfw	farmer will tell you that fertile land is much more important than better seeds.) -- Seth Godin , Free Prize Inside: The Next Big Marketing Idea
work	sfw	if it scares you, it might be a good thing to try -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	in every organization everyone rises to the level at which they become paralyzed with fear. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	industry the most trusted brand is also the most profitable. -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	insulation prevents you from making the change and finding the understanding you set out to achieve in the first place. -- Seth Godin , Graceful
work	sfw	lifehacker.com -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	marketers have turned advertising into an interactive process. Using relationships and frequency and permission, -- Seth Godin , Permission Marketing : Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers
work	sfw	most competitors quit long before theyve created something that makes it to the top. -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	never -- Seth Godin , The Dip: A Little Book That Teaches You When to Quit
work	sfw	orr we find a typo in a book. -- Seth Godin , Poke The Box: When Was the Last Time You Did Something for the First Time?
work	sfw	past performance is no guarantee of future success. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	strategy is empty without change, empty without passion, and empty without people willing to confront the void. -- Seth Godin , The Icarus Deception: How High Will You Fly?
work	sfw	students today are educated collecting dots. Almost none of it spent teaching them the skills necessary to connect dots. The magic of connecting dots is that once you learn the techniques, the dots can change but youll still be good at connecting them. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	stupid, and -- Seth Godin , Whatcha Gonna Do With That Duck?: And Other Provocations, 2006-2012
work	sfw	the best time to start was last year. The second best time to start is right now. -- Seth Godin , Whatcha Gonna Do With That Duck?: And Other Provocations, 2006-2012
work	sfw	the new form of marketing is leadership, and leadership is about building and connecting tribes of like-minded people. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	sfw	the new thing is rarely as good as the old thing was. If you need the alternative to be better than the status quo from the very start, you'll never begin. -- Seth Godin
work	sfw	theres a difference between telling people what to do and inciting a movement. -- Seth Godin , Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us
work	sfw	were seeing an explosion in new approaches, new models and new forms of interaction. This growth comes from change, insight and exploration, not obedience. -- Seth Godin , Graceful
work	sfw	while luck may be more appealing than effort, you dont get to choose luck. Effort, on the other hand, is totally available, all the time. -- Seth Godin , Whatcha Gonna Do With That Duck?: And Other Provocations, 2006-2012
work	sfw	work. -- Seth Godin , Whatcha Gonna Do With That Duck?: And Other Provocations, 2006-2012
work	sfw	workers into machines. If we can measure it, we can do it faster. If we can put it in a manual, we can outsource it. If we can outsource it, we can get it cheaper. -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
work	spicy	It is essential that we realize once and for all that man is much more of a sex creature than a moral creature. The former is inherent, the other is grafted on. -- Emma Goldman
work	spicy	The very action of the proletariat is a determining factor in history. And although we can no more jump over the stages of historical development than a man can jump over his shadow, nevertheless, we can accelerate or retard that development. -- Rosa Luxemburg
work	spicy	The web has made kicking ass easier to achieve, and mediocrity harder to sustain. Mediocrity now howls in protest. The -- Seth Godin , Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?
