anathem-glossary	life	quip	general	0	Allswell A naturally occurring chemical that, when present in sufficient concentrations in the brain, engenders the feeling that everything is basically fine. Its level may be artificially adjusted by, e.g., consuming blithe. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Analemma A shape like a slender, elongated figure eight, observed by astronomers who track the way the sun's apparent movement across the sky varies from day to day over the course of a year. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	faith	quip	general	0	Anathem (1) In Proto-Orth, a poetic or musical invocation of Our Mother Hylaea, used in the aut of Provener, or (2) an aut by which an incorrigible fraa or suur is ejected from the mathic world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Arbortect One who genetically engineers new species of trees. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Arbre The name of the planet on which Anathem is set. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Ark Equivalent to a church, temple, synaogue, etc., on Earth. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Atlanian See Liaison, Atlanian. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Aut A rite observed in the mathic world. Some of the more important and commonly celebrated auts are Provener, Eliger, Regred, and Requiem. Rarely celebrated rites include Anathem, Voco, and Inbrase. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Avout A person sworn to the Cartasian Discipline and therefore dwelling in the mathic, as opposed to Saecular, world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Baritoe, Saunt (1) A noblewoman of the mid-Praxic Age, the hostess and the leader of the Sconics. (2) A concent of the same name, one of the Big Three. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	quip	general	0	Baz Ancient city-state that later created an empire encompassing the known world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Big Three The Concents of Saunt Muncoster, Saunt Tredegarh, and Saunt Baritoe, all relatively old, wealthy, distinguished, and close together. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Blithe A weed that was genetically altered to produce the brain chemical known as Allswell. Forbidden to the avout. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	quip	general	0	Book, The A tome filled with subtly incoherent material, which misbehaving avout are forced to study as a form of penance. Divided into chapters, the difficulty of which grows exponentially. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	quip	general	0	Calca An explanation, definition, or lesson that is instrumental in developing some larger theme, but that has been moved aside from the main body of the dialog and encapsulated in a footnote or appendix. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Cartabla A portable location-finding and map-display gadget, like a GPS unit on Earth. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	quip	general	0	Cartasian Discipline The set of rules prescribed by Saunt Cartas, who is credited with having brought the mathic world into being following the Fall of Baz. An avout is a person who has taken an oath to observe the Discipline. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	science	fact	general	0	Causal Domain A collection of things mutually linked in a web of cause-and-effect relationships. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	quip	general	0	Centenarian An avout sworn not to emerge from the math or to have contact with the outside world until the next Centennial Apert. Informally, "Hundreder." ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Chronicle Log of all events, great and small, taking place within a math or concent. Assiduously maintained and archived by hierarchs. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Chronochasm In Mathic architecture, the space in the interior of a clock tower housing the workings of the clock and related equipment such as dials, bells, etc. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	faith	fact	general	0	Cnous Ancient historical figure famous for having a vision in which he claimed to see into another, higher world. The vision was interpreted in two different and incompatible ways by his daughters Hylaea and Deat. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Collect Used as a verb, to accept a newcomer into a math from extramuros during Apert. Typically the newcomer is within a few years of his or her tenth birthday. Used as a noun to denote such a newcomer. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	science	fact	general	0	Cosmi Plural of cosmos. A coinage necessary for discoursing of polycosmic theorics. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	science	fact	general	0	Cosmographer In Earth terms, an astronomer/astrophysicist/ cosmologist. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	faith	fact	general	0	Counter-Bazian Religion rooted in the same scriptures, and honoring the same prophets, as Bazian Orthodoxy, but explicitly rejecting the authority, and certain teachings, of the Bazian Orthodox faith. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	DAG See Directed Acyclic Graph. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Datonomy An approach to philosophy rooted in the work of the Sconics and based on rigorous study of data, or, literally, givens, meaning what is given to our minds by our sensory apparatus. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	faith	fact	general	0	Deat One of the two daughers of Cnous, the other being Hylaea. She interpreted her father's vision as meaning that he had glimpsed a heavenly spiritual kingdom populated by angelic beings and ruled by a supreme creator. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	observation	general	0	Decenarian An avout sworn not to emerge from the math or to have contact with the outside world until the next Decennial Apert. Informally, "Tenner." ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Deolater One who favors Deat's interpretation of her father Cnous's vision and therefore believes in a Heaven with a God in it. Compare Physiologer. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Dialog, Peregrin A Dialog in which two participants of roughly equal knowledge and intelligence develop an idea by talking to each other, typically while out walking around. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Dialog, Periklynian A competitive Dialog in which each participant seeks to destroy the other's position (see Plane). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Dialog, Suvinian A Dialog in which a mentor instructs a fid, usually by asking the fid questions, as opposed to speaking discursively. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	quip	general	0	Diax An early physiologer at the Temple of Orithena, credited with driving out the Enthusiasts, founding theorics, and placing it on a solid, rigorous intellectual footing. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Directed Acyclic Graph An arrangement of nodes connected by one-way links (think boxes connected by arrows) so arranged that it is not possible to follow the links around in a circle. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Discipline See Cartasian Discipline. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Dowment In its most general usage, any wealth accumulated and held by a Lineage in the mathic world. Almost always used to refer to a building and its contents. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	quip	general	0	Doyn At Concents that observe the mealtime tradition of the Messal, a senior avout who has the privilege of sitting at the table and being waited on by a servitor. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Drummon A large wheeled vehicle used extramuros to transport heavy freight on roads. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Ecba A volcanic island in the Sea of Seas, home of the Temple of Orithena until the catastrophic eruption of-2621. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Eliger The aut by which a fid chooses, and is chosen by, a specific chapter in his or her math, and thereby ceases to be a fid. Typically celebrated within a few years of the age of twenty. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	quip	general	0	Enthusiast Disparaging term for those early Physiologers at Orithena who were driven out by Diax because of their unwillingness or inability to think rigorously. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Etrevanean See Liaison, Etrevanean. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Evenedric A protege of Halikaarn, credited with carrying Halikaarn's work forward into the time of the Reconstitution and helping to found the Semantic Faculties. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Evenedricians An early offshoot of the Halikaarnians. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Evoke To call out an avout in the aut of Voco. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	society	fact	general	0	Extra Slightly disparaging term used by avout to refer to Saecular people. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Extramuros The world outside the walls of the math; the Saecular world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Faanians An early offshoot of the Procians. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	quip	general	0	Fendant See Warden Fendant. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	observation	general	0	Fetch A wheeled vehicle used extramuros, typically by artisans, to transport small amounts of freight, tools, etc. Typically larger and less comfortable than a mobe. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Fid A young avout; an avout who has not yet joined an Order. See Eliger. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Fraa A male avout. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Gardan's Steelyard (1) A rule of thumb stating that when one is comparing two hypotheses, preference should be given to the one that is simpler. Also referred to as Saunt Gardan's Steelyard or simply the Steelyard. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	quip	general	0	Gheeth An informal term, verging on an ethnic slur, for a particular ethnic group in the Saecular world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Grandfraa An informal term of respect by which an avout might address a very senior fraa, especially, but not necessarily, one who has celebrated the aut of Regred. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Grandsuur An informal term of respect by which an avout might address a very senior suur, especially, but not necessarily, one who has celebrated the aut of Regred. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	HTW See Hylaean Theoric World. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Halikaarnian Of, or relating to, Saunt Halikaarn or any of the Orders that claim descent from the Semantic Faculties. Frequently seen as natural opponents of Procians and Faanians. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Hemn space What is called configuration, state, or phase space on Earth. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	quip	general	0	Hundred, to go To lose one's mind, to become mentally unsound, to stray iredeemably from the path of theorics. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Hundreder Informal term for a Centenarian (see). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	science	fact	general	0	Hylaean Theoric World The name used by most adherents of Protism to denote the higher plane of existence populated by perfect geometric forms, theorems, and other pure ideas (cnoons) ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	science	fact	general	0	Icosahedron A roughly spherical geometric figure with twenty faces, each of which is an equilateral triangle. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	quip	general	0	Inbrase A rarely celebrated aut in which Peregrins are welcomed back into the mathic world following a journey through the Seculum. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Incanter A legendary figure, associated in folklore with Halikaarnian orders, said to be able to alter physical reality by the incantation of certain coded words or phrases. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Inquisition Global body charged with maintaining uniform standards of the Discipline across all maths and concents, typically acting through the Wardens Regulant. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Inviolate One of the three Millenarian maths that was never breached during the seven decades of the Third Sack. The Three Inviolates were at the Concents of Saunt Edhar, Saunt Rambalf, and Saunt Tredegarh. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Ita A caste dwelling in the mathic world but segregated from the avout, responsible for all functions having to do with syntactic devices and the Reticulum. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Jeejah Ubiquitous handheld electronic device used by Seculars, combining functions of mobile telephone, camera, network browser, etc. Forbidden in the mathic world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Jumpweed A ubiquitous weed that when chewed acts as a stimulant. Psychoactive in larger doses. One of the Eleven. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Kedev A devotee of the Kelx or Triangle faith. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Kefedokhles A smug, pedantic interlocutor. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Kinagrams A simple set of ideograms used by Seculars in place of a written language per se. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Laboratorium At a Convox, a daily work session, typically in the morning, in which the attendees gather in groups to which they have been assigned by the hierarchs and pursue specific projects. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Lesper's Coordinates Also called Saunt Lesper's Coordinates. Equivalent to Cartesian coordinates on Earth. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	love	fact	general	0	Liaison A relationship, typically sexual or at least romantic, in the mathic world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Liaison, Atlanian An unusual type of liaison between a Tenner and a partner who dwells extramuros, therefore only capable of being consummated every ten years. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Liaison, Etrevanean A liaison roughly equivalent to going steady in the Saecular world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Liaison, Perelithian A liaison equivalent to marriage in the Saecular world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Liaison, Tivian The most casual and ephemeral type of liaison. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Loctor Informal contraction of Interlocutor, meaning one's partner in a Dialog. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Logotype A simple writing system used by Seculars but, during the time in which Anathem is set, being rendered obsolete by Kinagrams. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Lucub At a Convox, an informal work group that, on the members' own initiative, meets in the evening to "burn the midnight oil" on some topic of shared interest. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Ma An informal term of respect by which a fid might address a more senior suur. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Magister Title bestowed on the clergy of the Kelx faith. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Messal At certain (typically larger and older) concents, the traditional way of taking the evening meal, in which no more than seven senior avout (doyns) are waited on by an equal number of junior avout (servitors). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Metatheorics Equivalent to metaphysics on Earth. The part of human thought that addresses questions so fundamental that they must be settled before one can even begin to do productive work in theorics. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Metekoranes A theor of ancient times who was buried under volcanic ash in the eruption that destroyed Orithena. According to some traditions, the founder (probably unwittingly) of the Old Lineage. See Lineage, Old. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	quip	general	0	Millenarian An avout sworn not to emerge from the math or to have contact with the outside world until the next Millennial Apert. Informally, "Thousander." ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	quip	general	0	Mobe A wheeled passenger vehicle used extramuros. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Muncoster, Saunt (1) A theor of the late Praxic Age, responsible for crucial advances in what is called, on Earth, general relativity. (2) One of the Big Three concents. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Mynster At many concents, the large centrally located building that houses the clock and that serves as the venue for auts and other gatherings of the entire population. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Mystagogue One who is fond of mysterious thinking and obfuscatory cant. In the Old Mathic Age, an all too powerful faction during the centuries leading to the Rebirth. Since then, a pejorative term. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	science	fact	general	0	Newmatter A form of matter whose atomic nuclei were artificially synthesized and which therefore has physical properties not found in naturally occurring elements or their compounds. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	One-off Informal term for a Unarian (see). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	observation	general	0	Pa An informal term of respect by which a fid might address a more senior fraa. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Panjandrum Fraa Orolo's pejorative term for a high-ranking official of the Saecular Power. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Penance Tedious or unpleasant chore assigned as punishment by the Warden Regulant to avout who have violated the Discipline. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	quip	general	0	Perelithian Liaison See Liaison, Perelithian. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Periklyne An open area in the ancient city-state of Ethras, home to the market, where Golden Age theors were wont to congregate and engage one another in Dialog. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Plane Used as a verb, utterly to destroy an opponent's position in the course of a Dialog. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Plenary In a Convox, an event in which all attendees come together in the same room at the same time for some purpose. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	science	fact	general	0	Polycosm Two or more universes (cosmi), especially when considered as a system that includes the possibility of interactions between cosmi. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Praxic An applied scientist, an engineer. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	quip	general	0	Praxis Technology. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Presidium In Mathic architecture, the tallest structure in a concent, typically the clock tower. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	quip	general	0	Primate The highest-ranking hierarch in a math or concent. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Procian Of, or relating to, Saunt Proc or any of the Orders that claim descent from the Syntactic Faculties. Frequently seen as natural opponents of Halikaarnians. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	quip	general	0	Protan Of or relating to the ancient Ethran philosopher Protas. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Protism The philosophy of Protas. More specifically, the notion that theors perceive pure ideas from another realm of existence known as the Hylaean Theoric World. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Provener The most commonly observed aut of the mathic world, typically celebrated every day at noon, and linked to the winding of a clock. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Rake See Diax's Rake. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Rambalf A concent. One of the Three Inviolates. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Reconstitution The state of affairs that came into being following the Terrible Events, whereby almost all learned and literate persons were concentrated together in maths and concents. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	quip	general	0	Regred The aut by which a senior avout withdraws from active service and goes into retirement. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	quip	general	0	Regulant See Warden Regulant. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Requiem The aut celebrated to mark the death of an avout. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Ret See Reticulum. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Reticule A network; two or more syntactic devices that are able to communicate with one another. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Reticulum The largest reticulum, joining together the preponderance of all reticules in the world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Rhetor A legendary figure, associated in folklore with Procian orders, said to have the power of altering the past by manipulating memories and other physical records. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Ringing Vale A mountain valley that gave its name to a math founded there in 17 A.R., specializing in study and developments of martial arts and related topics. See Vale-Lore. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Saecular Of or pertaining to the non-mathic world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Saecular Power Whatever entity currently wields power in the non-mathic world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	faith	quip	general	0	Samblites A religious sect tracing its origin back to Saunt Bly, and centered on Bly's Butte, not far from the Concent of Saunt Edhar. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	society	fact	general	0	Sarthian Steppe-dwelling horse archers of ancient times, held responsible for the Fall and Sack of Baz, which ended the Bazian Empire and inaugurated the Old Mathic Age. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Saunt A title bestowed on great thinkers. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Sea of Seas A relatively small but complex body of salt water, connected to Arbre's great oceans in three places by straits, generally viewed as the cradle of classical civilization. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Seculum The Saecular world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	science	fact	general	0	Sequence The genetic code of a living organism. In various usages, equivalent to gene, genetic, or DNA on Earth. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Servitor At Concents that observe the mealtime tradition of the Messal, a junior avout who is assigned to wait on a doyn. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Sline An extramuros person with no special education, skills, aspirations, or hope of acquiring same, generally construed as belonging to the lowest social class. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Starhenge In Earth terms, an observatory, esp. one with multiple telescopes. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Steelyard See Gardan's Steelyard. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Suur A female avout. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Suvin A school. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Syndev Contraction of Syntactic Device. A computer. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Syntactic Device In Earth terms, a computer. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Tenner Informal term for Decenarian (see). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	observation	general	0	Terrible Events A poorly documented worldwide catastrophe thought to have begun in the year-5. Whatever it was, it terminated the Praxic Age and led immediately to the Reconstitution. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Thelenes A great theor of the Golden Age of Ethras, protagonist of many Dialogs, mentor to Protas. Executed by the Ethran authorities for irreligious, or at least disrespectful, teachings. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Theor Any practitioner of theorics, which see. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	quip	general	0	Theorician Nearly equivalent to theor, but with slightly different connotations. "theorician" tends to be used of one who is devoted to highly specific, detailed, technical work, e.g., carrying out elaborate computations. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Thousander Informal term for a Millenarian (see). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Throw Back An informal term meaning to subject an avout to the aut of Anathem. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Throwback An ex-avout who was Anathematized. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Tredegarh One of the Big Three concents, named after Lord Tredegarh, a mid-to-late Praxic Age theor responsible for fundamental advances in thermodynamics. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Triangle Ark Alternate term for the Kelx faith or one of its arks. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Unarian An avout sworn not to emerge from the math or to have contact with the outside world until the next Annual Apert. Informally, "One-off." ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	quip	general	0	Upsight A sudden, usually unlooked-for moment of clear understanding. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Uraloabus Prominent Sphenic theor of the Golden Age of Ethras who, if the account of Protas is to be credited, committed suicide after being planed by Thelenes. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Uthentine A suur at Saunt Baritoe's in the Fourteenth Century A.R. who, along with Erasmas, founded the branch of metatheorics called Complex Protism. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	fact	general	0	Vale-lore Martial arts. Associated with the Ringing Vale (see). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Valer An avout of the Ringing Vale; one who has, therefore, devoted his or her entire life to the martial arts. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	fact	general	0	Vlor An informal contraction of Vale-lore (see). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	arts	quip	general	0	Voco A rarely celebrated aut by which the Saecular Power Evokes (calls forth from the math) an avout whose talents are needed in the Saecular world. Except in very unusual cases, the one Evoked never returns to the mathic world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	tech	fact	general	0	Vout An avout. Derogatory term used extramuros. Associated with Seculars who subscribe to iconographies that paint the avout in an extremely negative way. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	life	quip	general	0	Warden of Heaven During the years leading up to the time in which Anathem is set, a popular religious leader who obtained Saecular power by claiming to embody the wisdom of the mathic world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
