artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	'Art or anti-art?' was the question I asked when I returned from Munich in 1912 and decided to abandon pure painting or painting for its own sake. I thought of introducing elements alien to painting as the only way out of a pictorial and chromatic dead end.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	A beautiful body perishes, but a work of art dies not.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	A creator needs only one enthusiast to justify him.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	A game of chess is a visual and plastic thing, and if it isn't geometric in the static sense of the word, it is mechanical, since it moves. It's a drawing; it's a mechanical reality.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	A lot of things have been thrown at me in life, and I've got through it all without a rule book, taking it one day at a time.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	A nation that has no music and no fairytales is a tragedy.
artists	arts	aphorism	general	0	A painting that doesn't shock isn't worth painting.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	A powerful performance will transform everyone in the room.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Abstract painting is abstract. It confronts you. There was a reviewer a while back who wrote that my pictures didn't have any beginning or any end. He didn't mean it as a compliment, but it was.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	Action is the foundational key to all success.
artists	life	observation	general	0	After I was 70, I realized that, 'Okay, I would like to have another 50 years, and I probably could.' But part of me is saying, 'Maybe I'm not going to have that much time.'
artists	life	observation	general	0	After my husband John Lennon passed away, I tried to smile for my health.
artists	science	wisdom	general	0	Alchemy is a kind of philosophy: a kind of thinking that leads to a way of understanding.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	All I can say is, it's not very easy for a woman to be associated with The Beatles.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	All critics should be assassinated.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	All graffiti is low-level dissent, but stencils have an extra history. They've been used to start revolutions and to stop wars.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	All individual thought is dissolved in universal thought, as all form is dissolved in the universal plastic means of Abstract-Real painting.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	All knowledge which ends in words will die as quickly as it came to life, with the exception of the written word: which is its mechanical part.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	All my concerts had no sounds in them; they were completely silent. People had to make up their own music in their minds!
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	All my inspiration comes from life. That's how it never stops, in a way.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	All painting, beginning with Impressionism, is antiscientific, even Seurat. I was interested in introducing the precise and exact aspect of science, which hadn't often been done, or at least hadn't been talked about very much.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	All that is base in the masses is temporary, no doubt serving only to prevent evolution (that of the elite, as well) from proceeding too quickly and thus not becoming 'reality.'
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	All the gossip and craziness becomes a kind of sustained narrative which, in turn, can become history. It's scary.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Although my art work was heavily informed by my design work on a formal and visual level, as regards meaning and content the two practices parted ways.
artists	science	wisdom	general	0	Although nature commences with reason and ends in experience it is necessary for us to do the opposite, that is to commence with experience and from this to proceed to investigate the reason.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Americans don't like European movies.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	An artist has to look at the future, to see what we can do better.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	An artist should not fall in love with another artist.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	An idea is a point of departure and no more. As soon as you elaborate it, it becomes transformed by thought.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	An original is a creation motivated by desire. Any reproduction of an originals motivated be necessity. It is marvelous that we are the only species that creates gratuitous forms. To create is divine, to reproduce is human.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Anyone who conducts an argument by appealing to authority is not using his intelligence; he is just using his memory.
artists	faith	observation	general	0	Anyone who doesn't feel the crosses simply doesn't get that country.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Are we to paint what's on the face, what's inside the face, or what's behind it?
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Art doesn't interest me. Only artists interest me.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art for me is like breathing.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art is a habit-forming drug. Art has absolutely no existence as veracity, as truth. People always speak of it with this great, religious reverence, but why should it be so revered?
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art is a mind-game that we do to make our lives easier. If it isn't for that, it becomes superfluous.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art is all a matter of personality.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art is like breathing for me. If I don't do it, I start to choke.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Art is my life and my life is art.
artists	arts	aphorism	general	0	Art is never finished, only abandoned.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art is the elimination of the unnecessary.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art is the path to being spiritual.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Art is what you can get away with.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art shows and the institutions end up being the couriers for culture for the next generation and are an important component as well. It may seem ironic from one perspective, but I think if you look at my overall strategy, it's actually not out of step.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
artists	arts	joke	general	0	Art? That's a man's name.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Artists and musicians of the Sixties were definitely into clothes.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Artists are going to be the metronome of this society.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Artists can do whatever they want!
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Artists of all times are like the gamblers of Monte Carlo, and this blind lottery allows some to succeed and ruins others. In my opinion, neither the winners nor the losers are worth worrying about.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Artists should never think of themselves as an idol. Fame is a side effect of one's work.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	As a person, I was born to give out my opinions. By giving out my opinions, I realize who I am. As long as I can communicate, I'm not so lonely. If I cannot travel, or do art, or have company, if they take away all my belongings, it doesn't matter at all.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	As tradition, the female element clings to the old art and opposes anything new - precisely because each new art moves further away from the natural appearance of things.
artists	life	observation	general	0	At least I had that, one guy understood me.
artists	life	quip	general	0	At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.
artists	life	observation	general	0	Bad stories are written about me because the press knows they can make me into a weeping dog and few people will object.
artists	society	observation	general	0	Because Great Britain has self-confidence, it doesn't need a monumental Olympics.
artists	tech	observation	general	0	Because of technology, we don't develop telepathy. We don't use telepathy, but use, you know, the mobile phones. Why?
artists	society	observation	general	0	Because of the economic crisis, China and the United States are bound together. This is a totally new phenomenon, and nobody will fight for ideology anymore. It's all about business.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Before I was shot, I always thought that I was more half-there than all-there - I always suspected that I was watching TV instead of living life. Right when I was being shot and ever since, I knew that I was watching television.
artists	society	observation	general	0	Beijing's Olympics were very grand - they were trying to throw a party for the world, but the hosts didn't enjoy it. The government didn't care about people's feelings because it was trying to create an image.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Being alone is very difficult.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Being an artist is not easy - I have always said that to the students I have taught over the years. It's a huge sacrifice.
artists	life	dark	general	0	Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery.
artists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Believe it or not, I can actually draw.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Beyond a doubt truth bears the same relation to falsehood as light to darkness.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Blinding ignorance does mislead us. O! Wretched mortals, open your eyes!
artists	life	quip	general	0	Bums are the well-to-do of this day. They didn't have as far to fall.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	But only art and music have the power to bring peace.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	By turning from the surface, one comes closer to the inner laws of matter, which are also the laws of the Spirit.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Can works be made which are not 'of art'?
artists	health-body	quip	general	0	Cancer is an emotional disease.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Charles Saatchi has never liked my work at all.
artists	work-money	quip	general	0	Checks aren't money.
artists	science	observation	general	0	Chemically speaking or biologically, we research things, but we don't know half of them. We only know our half of it - symbolically - and we don't know ourselves more than half.
artists	life	observation	general	0	Chess can be described as the movement of pieces eating one another.
artists	society	observation	general	0	China and the U.S. are two societies with very different attitudes towards opinion and criticism. In China, I am constantly under surveillance. Even my slightest, most innocuous move can - and often is - censored by Chinese authorities.
artists	society	observation	general	0	China is an old nation with a colourful history. Its booming economy has triggered an appetite and a curiosity around the world for its art and culture, one that continues to grow. I can, however, tell people that it is a show with no actor.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Common Sense is that which judges the things given to it by other senses.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Company makes my day.
artists	tech	quip	general	0	Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Controversy is part of the nature of art and creativity.
artists	society	observation	general	0	Countries have lost their culture because what they wanted was money. Money became the running theme in every country and culture was sacrificed.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	DJs are in incredible competition, musically. And they are the most musically creative and sensitive people in all the music charts. I am amazed how they are.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Dada was an extreme protest against the physical side of painting. It was a metaphysical attitude.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Dance, theatre, etc. as art, will disappear along with the dominating 'expression' of tragedy and harmony: the movement of life itself will become harmonious.
artists	life	fact	general	0	Dancing is a very healthy thing to do for our body.
artists	society	quip	general	0	Democratic societies are unfit for the publication of such thunderous revelations as I am in the habit of making.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Direct address has been a consistent tactic in my work, regardless of the medium that I'm working in.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Disciples be damned. It's not interesting. It's only the masters that matter. Those who create.
artists	love	wisdom	general	0	Distance doesn't exist, in fact, and neither does time. Vibrations from love or music can be felt everywhere, at all times.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Distortion came first from the fauves, who, in turn, were under the strong influence of primitive art.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Do you know why language manifests itself the way it does in my work? It's because I understand short attention spans.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Don't bother about being modern. Unfortunately it is the one thing that, whatever you do, you cannot avoid.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Don't pay any attention to what they write about you. Just measure it in inches.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Don't put my name on it. These are simply documents I make.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Drawing is the honesty of the art. There is no possibility of cheating. It is either good or bad.
artists	society	observation	general	0	During the 1960s, I think, people forgot what emotions were supposed to be. And I don't think they've ever remembered.
artists	life	dark	general	0	Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details.
artists	science	wisdom	general	0	Each man is always in the middle of the surface of the earth and under the zenith of his own hemisphere, and over the centre of the earth.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali.
artists	work-money	quip	general	0	Employees make the best dates. You don't have to pick them up and they're always tax-deductible.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Energy is so important. If you don't have it, don't bother with rock and roll.
artists	life	observation	general	0	Even my mother told me: 'You are a handsome woman, but you're not pretty. Pretty girls don't have those big bones.'
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Even now, I have traces of the good little girl. When I am not performing, for instance, I am really very quiet and ordinary.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Even when I was a little girl, I remember going to the Museum of Modern Art. I think my parents took me there once or twice. And what I really remember is the design collection.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Events are the best teacher for us. You try to learn from people, there is always some bend to it.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Every act of creation is first an act of destruction.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Every action needs to be prompted by a motive.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	Every drop in the ocean counts.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Every good painter paints what he is.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	Every moment in our lives is a miracle we should enjoy instead of ignoring.
artists	life	observation	general	0	Every party is the same, too many people, too little food, and you have to wait around. I'm extremely bored with parties.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	Every positive value has its price in negative terms... the genius of Einstein leads to Hiroshima.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Everybody's an artist. Everybody's God. It's just that they're inhibited.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	Everyone needs a fantasy.
artists	tech	observation	general	0	Everyone wants an iPhone, but it would be impossible to design an iPhone in China because it's not a product; it's an understanding of human nature.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Everything important that I have done can be put into a little suitcase.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Everything is a miracle. It is a miracle that one does not dissolve in one's bath like a lump of sugar.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Everything is expressed through relationship. Colour can exist only through other colours, dimension through other dimensions, position through other positions that oppose them. That is why I regard relationship as the principal thing.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Everything you can imagine is real.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Experience does not err. Only your judgments err by expecting from her what is not in her power.
artists	science	wisdom	general	0	Experience never errs; it is only your judgments that err by promising themselves effects such as are not caused by your experiments.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Experience was my only teacher; I knew little of the modern art movement. When I first saw the works of the Impressionists, van Gogh, van Dongen, and Fauves, I admired it. But I had to seek the true way alone.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity.
artists	love	quip	general	0	Expiring for love is beautiful but stupid.
artists	love	quip	general	0	Fantasy love is much better than reality love.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Feet, what do I need you for when I have wings to fly?
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	First of all, to do performance art, you really have to give 100 percent. I only know that I have to give 100 percent and then what happens, happens.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	For a while, I was drawing on good paper, but now I've gone back to the bad stuff. I put matte medium on it. If you put matte medium on it, it seals up, so it doesn't really matter.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	For me, it is OK as long as I can breathe, as long as my heart is pumping, as long as I can express myself.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	For me, performance is a holy ground. When I perform, I really step into a different state of consciousness.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	For me, the 'Three Stoppages' was a first gesture liberating me from the past.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	For me, the most difficult piece is the one I'm about to make.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	For me, there has always been a disconnect with the sort of elitist structure of the high-art world - and my distaste for that is at odds with my feeling that art should aspire to do great things.
artists	nature	wisdom	general	0	For once you have tasted flight you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been and there you will long to return.
artists	love	wisdom	general	0	For, verily, great love springs from great knowledge of the beloved object, and if you little know it, you will be able to love it only little or not at all.
artists	society	observation	general	0	Fracking is an incredible risk to the human race, I don't know why they even thought of doing it.
artists	nature	quip	general	0	Fracking kills, and it doesn't just kill us. It kills the land, nature and, eventually, the whole world.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	From a purely ethnological point of view, I was not a period-born Dada.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	From the moment you are born, you could die. I think as an artist it is important to meditate on that.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Give me a museum and I'll fill it.
artists	faith	quip	general	0	God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat. He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.
artists	arts	aphorism	general	0	Good artists copy, great artists steal.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Graffiti's always been a temporary art form. You make your mark and then they scrub it off.
artists	science	wisdom	general	0	Gravity is not controlled physically in us by one of the 5 ordinary senses. We always reduce a gravity experience to an autocognizance, real or imagined, registered inside us in the region of the stomach.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Great Art is Great because it inspired you greatly. If it didn't, no matter what the critics, the museums and the galleries say, it's not great art for you.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Happiness comes from the full understanding of your own being.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Happiness is such a good state, it doesn't need to be creative. You're not creative from happiness, you're just happy. You're creative when you're miserable and depressed. You find the key to transform things. Happiness does not need to transform.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.
artists	family	observation	general	0	Having a son is not all pleasure.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	He drove his kind of realism at me so hard I bounced right into nonobjective painting.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	He who loves practice without theory is like the sailor who boards ship without a rudder and compass and never knows where he may cast.
artists	work-money	aphorism	general	0	He who wishes to be rich in a day will be hanged in a year.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Healing yourself is connected with healing others.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	How many emperors and how many princes have lived and died and no record of them remains, and they only sought to gain dominions and riches in order that their fame might be ever-lasting.
artists	nature	wisdom	general	0	Human subtlety will never devise an invention more beautiful, more simple or more direct than does nature because in her inventions nothing is lacking, and nothing is superfluous.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Humor and laughter - not necessarily derogatory derision - are my pet tools. This may come from my general philosophy of never taking the world too seriously - for fear of dying of boredom.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I admire Ai Weiwei for his art and his activism. His art is beautiful in form, and in function embodies the principles of populism and social consciousness I aspire to in my own practice.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	I admire all people who are trying to be a good power in this chaotic world.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I always hear myself saying, 'She's a beauty!' or 'He's a beauty!' or 'What a beauty!' but I never know what I'm talking about.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I always like to see if the art across the street is better than mine.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I always thought I'd like my own tombstone to be blank. No epitaph, and no name. Well, actually, I'd like it to say 'figment.'
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I always thought that I was an important musician. If you don't have that confidence, why would you go on and do it?
artists	life	dark	general	0	I always wished I had died, and I still wish that, because I could have gotten the whole thing over with.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I am a deeply superficial person.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I am afraid to end up being in need to sell canvases - in other words, to be a society painter.
artists	faith	quip	general	0	I am against the word 'anti' because it's a little bit like 'atheist,' as compared to 'believer.' And an atheist is just as much of a religious man as the believer is.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
artists	society	uplifting	general	0	I am aware of the sufferings of women in India, which is also the suffering of women in many, many countries on our planet. My heart is filled with empathy and love for them.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I am extremely rebellious. I have this strong, defiant spirit.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I am happy to be alive, as long as I can paint.
artists	family	quip	general	0	I am in agreement with everything my father taught me and nothing my mother taught me.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I am interested in ideas, not merely in visual products.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I am my own muse, the subject I know best.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I am not a black artist, I am an artist.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I am not a therapist. I am not a spiritual leader. These elements are in the art: it is therapeutic, spiritual, social and political - everything. It has many layers. But art has to have many layers. If it doesn't, then forget it.
artists	life	dark	general	0	I am not free because I can be exploded anytime.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I am only interested in the ideas that become obsessive and make me feel uneasy. The ideas that I'm afraid of.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I am only satisfied insofar as I feel 'Broadway Boogie Woogie' is a definite progress, but even about this picture I am not quite satisfied. There is still too much of the old in it.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I am still a victim of chess. It has all the beauty of art - and much more. It cannot be commercialized. Chess is much purer than art in its social position.
artists	society	observation	general	0	I am very clear that I am not a feminist. It puts you into a category and I don't like that.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I began as a naturalistic painter. Very quickly I felt the urgent need for a more concise form of expression and an economy of means. I never stopped progressing toward abstraction.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I began to see that the short texts I was writing were poster material.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I believe I would rather have Stieglitz like something - anything I had done - than anyone else I know.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I believe so much in the power of performance I don't want to convince people. I want them to experience it and come away convinced on their own.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I believe that life is shorter; that is why we have to make experience longer.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I believe the artist has an obligation to society.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	I call on people to be 'obsessed citizens,' forever questioning and asking for accountability. That's the only chance we have today of a healthy and happy life.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I came to feel an artist might use anything - a dot, a line, the most conventional or unconventional symbol - t say what he wanted to say.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I continue to get further away from the usual painter's tools such as easel, palette, brushes, etc.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I couldn't go into the haphazard drawing or the paintings, the splashing of paint. I wanted to go back to a completely dry drawing, a dry conception of art.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I decided that if I could paint that flower in a huge scale, you could not ignore its beauty.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I decided to start anew, to strip away what I had been taught.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I did not break up the Beatles. You can't have it both ways. If you're going to blame me for breaking the Beatles up, you should be thankful that I made them into myth rather than a crumbling group.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I didn't abandon everything at a moment's notice - on the contrary. I returned to France from America, leaving the 'Large Glass' unfinished.
artists	work-money	quip	general	0	I didn't get paid for performances most of my life. If I did, I would be billionaire now, and I'm not.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I do not know how I shall develop, but for the present, I am continuing to work within ordinary, generally known terrain, different only because of a deep substratum, which leads those who are receptive to sense the finer regions.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I do not paint a portrait to look like the subject, rather does the person grow to look like his portrait.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I do not seek. I find.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I don't believe in a chronological way of doing things.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	I don't believe in accidents. There are only encounters in history. There are no accidents.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I don't believe in art. I believe in artists.
artists	society	observation	general	0	I don't believe in the so-called Olympic spirit. I speak from personal experience. When China hosted the Games, it failed to include the people. The event was constructed without regard for their joy.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I don't do drugs. I am drugs.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I don't do husbands. I don't do children.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I don't have a goal. I don't limit myself to a goal.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I don't have this obsessive need to do street art all the time because it's already opened doors for me.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I don't have time to listen to anybody's music. I'm making it, you know.
artists	faith	quip	general	0	I don't know anything about the afterlife because I haven't been there yet.
artists	love	quip	general	0	I don't know how to write love letters.
artists	society	observation	general	0	I don't know why people are so keen to put the details of their private life in public; they forget that invisibility is a superpower.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I don't listen to what art critics say. I don't know anybody who needs a critic to find out what art is.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I don't necessarily think that installation is the only way to go. It's just a label for certain kinds of arrangements.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I don't think about art when I'm working. I try to think about life.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I don't think about the future. I don't think about the past. I just think of what comes into my head at the time. So that might be about the past, that might be about the future. Or, the present.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I don't think it's worth discussing new directions in the context of Chinese art - there were no old directions, either. Chinese art has never had any clear orientation.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I don't think you should always stay calm in a tense situation, because you might not ever confront the problem. Maybe it's better to actually let yourself be tense - and find a solution.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I don't very much enjoy looking at paintings in general. I know too much about them. I take them apart.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I don't work from drawings. I don't make sketches and drawings and color sketches into a final painting.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I feel that my work is not in vain, that it does have a place in society, even though it may not be considered that it has a place in society - it doesn't matter.
artists	life	observation	general	0	I feel there is something unexplored about woman that only a woman can explore.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I feel uncomfortable with the term public art, because I'm not sure what it means. If it means what I think it does, then I don't do it. I'm not crazy about categories.
artists	society	insult	general	0	I find that Americans completely lack sensibility and good taste. They are boring, and they all have faces like unbaked rolls.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn't say any other way - things I had no words for.
artists	life	observation	general	0	I get up about four times a night and go back to sleep, or not. Then I swill tea around 8 a.m. I answer e-mail, while I stall thinking about whatever scares me.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I get very nervous before I get on the stage, but once I'm on the stage, I'm just, you know, me. Nothing hurts me.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I give away thousands of paintings for free.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I had a lot of dates but I decided to stay home and dye my eyebrows.
artists	family	dark	general	0	I had a very difficult relationship with my mother. She used to wake me up in the middle of the night if I wasn't sleeping straight and was messing up the sheets. Now when I stay in hotels I sleep so straight they don't even think I've used the bed.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I had some money, I made the best paintings ever. I was completely reclusive, worked a lot, took a lot of drugs. I was awful to people.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I had to create an equivalent for what I felt about what I was looking at - not copy it.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I had to figure out how to bring the world into my work.
artists	life	dark	general	0	I had very few friends. There was nobody I could trust. I left home when I was fifteen. I lived in Washington Square Park.
artists	life	observation	general	0	I happen to have been born a Cartesian. The French education is based on a sequence of strict logic. You carry it with you.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I hardly ever stretch the canvas before painting.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I hate flowers - I paint them because they're cheaper than models and they don't move.
artists	food	observation	general	0	I hate kitchens. I don't understand these enormous American kitchens that take up half the living room and then they just order pizza.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I hate studio. For me, studio is a trap to overproduce and repeat yourself. It is a habit that leads to art pollution.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I have Dalinian thought: the one thing the world will never have enough of is the outrageous.
artists	life	dark	general	0	I have Social Disease. I have to go out every night. If I stay home one night I start spreading rumors to my dogs.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I have a horror of people who speak about the beautiful. What is the beautiful? One must speak of problems in painting!
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I have a painting where somebody's holding a chicken, and underneath the chicken is somebody's head.
artists	tech	quip	general	0	I have always felt it is my destiny to build a machine that would allow man to fly.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I have been known as the minimal and conceptual artist for over five decades. I think I haven't changed much.
artists	arts	fact	general	0	I have done only two portraits: one of the artist Francesco Clemente and another of Andy Warhol.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I have forced myself to contradict myself in order to avoid conforming to my own taste.
artists	science	wisdom	general	0	I have found that, in the composition of the human body as compared with the bodies of animals, the organs of sense are duller and coarser. Thus, it is composed of less ingenious instruments, and of spaces less capacious for receiving the faculties of sense.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I have no fear of making changes, destroying the image, etc., because the painting has a life of its own.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I have nothing to say, I am saying it, and that is poetry.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I have offended God and mankind because my work didn't reach the quality it should have.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	I have only one life, so I want to make sure it's a good one.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I have things in my head that are not like what anyone has taught me - shapes and ideas so near to me - so natural to my way of being and thinking that it hasn't occurred to me to put them down.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I have wasted my hours.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I haven't been in the Louvre for twenty years. It doesn't interest me because I have these doubts about the value of the judgments which decided that all these pictures should be presented to the Louvre instead of others which weren't even considered.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I just go with the flow, so any style can be in my music - that makes it exciting.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I just happen to like ordinary things. When I paint them, I don't try to make them extraordinary. I just try to paint them ordinary-ordinary.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I just like to explore all sorts of different forms - no, 'explore' is not even the word - enjoy. You don't want to limit yourself to a particular form.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I just say I'm an artist who works with pictures and words.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	I just want to be healthy and stay alive and keep my family going and everything and keep my friends going and try to do something so that this world will be peaceful. That is the most ambitious and the most difficult thing, but I'm there trying to do it.
artists	life	dark	general	0	I just wish that people will be kinder to me when I pass away.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I know now that most people are so closely concerned with themselves that they are not aware of their own individuality, I can see myself, and it has helped me to say what I want to say in paint.
artists	love	quip	general	0	I leave you my portrait so that you will have my presence all the days and nights that I am away from you.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I like artists who have something to say, not wallpaper.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I like boring things.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I like kids' work more than work by real artists any day.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I like living, breathing better than working... Each second, each breath is a work which is inscribed nowhere, which is neither visual nor cerebral. It's a kind of constant euphoria.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I like suggesting that 'we are slaves to the objects around us,' that 'plenty should be enough,' or that the 'buyer should beware,' within the context of conventional selling space.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I like to work when I'm not working - do something that may not be considered work, but to me it's work. Getting exercise by going to the grocery store.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I love Los Angeles, and I love Hollywood. They're beautiful. Everybody's plastic, but I love plastic. I want to be plastic.
artists	work-money	observation	general	0	I love the way capitalism finds a place - even for its enemies.
artists	love	uplifting	general	0	I love you more than my own skin.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I mean, making art is about objectifying your experience of the world, transforming the flow of moments into something visual, or textual, or musical, whatever. Art creates a kind of commentary.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I moved to New York in the 1970s and started writing when I was at the Whitney Museum Independent Study Program.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I must say that I always thought I had a voice, even when I was 4 years old.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I never paint dreams or nightmares. I paint my own reality.
artists	life	dark	general	0	I never think that people die. They just go to department stores.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I never thought I would go into the dance charts.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I never want projects to be finished; I have always believed in unfinished work. I got that from Schubert, you know, the 'Unfinished Symphony.'
artists	life	observation	general	0	I notice if I'm too fat or if I'm too ugly or there's skin hanging or whatever. When my clothes start not fitting, I get really self-conscious about what I eat.
artists	nature	observation	general	0	I often lay on that bench looking up into the tree, past the trunk and up into the branches. It was particularly fine at night with the stars above the tree.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I often painted fragments of things because it seemed to make my statement as well as or better than the whole could.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I paint flowers so they will not die.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I paint my own reality. The only thing I know is that I paint because I need to, and I paint whatever passes through my head without any other consideration.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I paint what cannot be photographed, that which comes from the imagination or from dreams, or from an unconscious drive.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I photograph the things that I do not wish to paint, the things which already have an existence.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I played a guitar with a file, and a synthesizer.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I put on the canvas whatever comes into my mind.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I really don't like art where you need to know so much theory to understand. If the theory is removed, it doesn't do anything. That means that this work is an illustration of theory, and I don't believe in the power of the work itself.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I really had no program or any established plan. I didn't even ask myself if I should sell my paintings or not.
artists	life	observation	general	0	I really like doing the laundry, because I succeed at it. But I loathe putting it away. It is already clean.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I really think there's no difference between an art piece made by a man and one made by a woman. Is it a good art piece or a bad art piece? Of course, if you're female, you're maybe dealing with different issues.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I relate to happiness as an ecstatic moment - something you don't create, you encounter.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I respect Lady Gaga very much.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I said to myself, I have things in my head that are not like what anyone has taught me - shapes and ideas so near to me - so natural to my way of being and thinking that it hasn't occurred to me to put them down.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I saw that nothing was permanent. You don't want to possess anything that is dear to you because you might lose it.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I seated ugliness on my knee, and almost immediately grew tired of it.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I see so many activists... who are artists because they feel that they have the power of communication.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I seldom have my stuff up unless I'm testing it. If I'm worrying about a painting, I put it up and see if I detest it quickly or slowly. Otherwise I have things by other artists.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I shy away from the word 'creation.' In the ordinary, social meaning of the word - well, it's very nice, but fundamentally, I don't believe in the creative function of the artist. He's a man like any other.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I start a picture and I finish it.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I started painting graffiti in the classic New York style of big letters and characters but I was never very good at it.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I suppose I have a really loose interpretation of 'work', because I think that just being alive is so much work at something you don't always want to do. The machinery is always going. Even when you sleep.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I suspect you've noticed that making art can be lonely.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I test the limits of myself in order to transform myself, but I also take the energy from the audience and transform it.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I think 21st century should be art without objects.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I think Chris Burden is terrific. I really do.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I think I developed language skills to deal with threat. It's the girl thing to do-you know, instead of pulling out a gun.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I think energy is the most important thing that we can give to people as performers. Anything else is a little bit pretentious. But energy is not.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	I think everybody should like everybody.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I think having land and not ruining it is the most beautiful art that anybody could ever want to own.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	I think if you give in and accept society's stereotypes, then you start thinking, 'I cannot dance till late at night because I'm 70.'
artists	society	quip	general	0	I think it would be terrific if everybody was alike.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I think it's nice to let people know that there is an invisible part of the world. I think there are many people now who are interested in the invisible world.
artists	society	quip	general	0	I think kids should go to high school until they're 30. No, really, because people are staying younger now and there's nothing to do. If you stayed longer, then it would be really great.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I think of John every day. I do try to block it, but December 8th is not the only day I think of him.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I think of a piece, and then people who are competent fabricate it. But lately I've started finger painting, which probably should be a joke but isn't!
artists	society	observation	general	0	I think people have to set up little battles. They have to demonize people whom they disagree with or feel threatened by. But it's the ideological framing of the debate that scares me.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I think that designers have an incredibly broad creative repertoire. They solve. They create images of perfection for any number of clients. I could never do that. I'm my client. That's the difference between an artist and a designer; it's a client relationship.
artists	society	observation	general	0	I think that every so-called history book and film biography should be prefaced by the statement that what follows is the author's rendition of events and circumstances.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I think that the destructive element is too much neglected in art.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I think that there is a sort of spiritual power that is translating into our bodies as we perform. Performers give, and giving is so important. It can heal. That is my experience, anyway.
artists	life	observation	general	0	I think that there is incredible prejudice about witches while there is no prejudice about wizards. Words are very important, and I'm really into destroying myths.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I think the first photograph I did was a ballplayer. It was a way of showing action or something.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I think there are different ways of being rigorous, and I am asking people to be as rigorous in their pleasure as in their criticism.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I think there are lots of ways to make good work. You can throw big bucks at a project and make what some would call crap, or you can work very modestly with eloquently moving results.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I think there is a big difference between the music business and music. And my relationship is to music, not music business. I think the business will keep changing, but music won't. Music will be there.
artists	life	observation	general	0	I think they should have movies in restaurants. I can't believe that so many people get together just to sit there. It's so abstract... isn't it abstract? What are these people sitting here watching?
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I think what I'm trying to do is create moments of recognition. To try to detonate some kind of feeling or understanding of lived experience.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I thought I was going to be a bum the rest of my life.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I thought art was a verb, rather than a noun.
artists	life	observation	general	0	I travel a lot, so when I arrive in a city, I like to go to good local bookshops and make a selection based on how I'm feeling and what I'm thinking. The book I pick usually seems to have a definite karmic connection!
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I trust myself. You need that to survive.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I try to deal with the complexities of power and social life, but as far as the visual presentation goes I purposely avoid a high degree of difficulty.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I used language because I wanted to offer content that people - not necessarily art people - could understand.
artists	life	observation	general	0	I used to have a recurring dream where I was at a party in a country house, surrounded by the same people each evening. Everyone would be singing and dancing and after a while I came to know the people; though, of course, they never really existed.
artists	food	observation	general	0	I used to have the same lunch every day, for 20 years, I guess, the same thing over and over again.
artists	life	observation	general	0	I used to think that everything was just being funny but now I don't know. I mean, how can you tell?
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I want people to be drawn into the space of the work. And a lot of people are like me in that they have relatively short attention spans. So I shoot for the window of opportunity.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I want to abolish time, especially in the contemplation of architecture.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I want to be a machine.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I want to die with my blue jeans on.
artists	society	quip	general	0	I want to dominate the man's world.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I want to make paintings that look as if they were made by a child.
artists	life	observation	general	0	I wanted to be a cartoonist when I was young.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I wanted to be a star, not a gallery mascot.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I wanted to be an abstract painter, but I was rotten at it.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I wanted to build up a name for myself.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I wanted to support things that are helpful to people and maybe bash what I think is dangerous. So I switched from being everybody to being myself.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I wanted to use my possibility to be an individual, and I suppose I have, no?
artists	life	verse	general	0	I was a child who went about in a world of colors... My friends, my companions, became women slowly; I became old in instants.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I was a cute kid.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I was a really lousy artist as a kid. Too abstract expressionist; or I'd draw a big ram's head, really messy. I'd never win painting contests. I remember losing to a guy who did a perfect Spiderman.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I was being hated for about 40 or 50 years by the whole world, but it did not destroy me, and it did not ruin my health. And the reason is because I just did not answer them. I had my own life.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I was born into a very important family in Japan. My grandfather was a descendant of the Emperor, and we were very wealthy.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I was friends with Susan Sontag the last four years of her life. She had this amazing charisma and so much energy, but she had a sad little funeral in Montparnasse in Paris. It was rainy. It was all wrong. And I was thinking, 'God, she loved life so much.'
artists	life	observation	general	0	I was highly attracted to chess for forty or forty-five years; then, little by little, my enthusiasm lessened.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I was never interested in looking at myself in an aesthetic mirror. My intention was always to get away from myself, though I knew perfectly well that I was using myself. Call it a little game between 'I' and 'me.'
artists	society	quip	general	0	I went to vote once, but I got too scared. I couldn't decide whom to vote for.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I would have to think about it for two or three months before I decided to do something which would have meaning. And it would have to be more than just an impression or pleasure. I would need an objective, a meaning. That is the only thing that could help me.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I wouldn't want to be remembered as the guy who contaminated a perfectly legitimate form of protest art with money and celebrities.
artists	society	observation	general	0	I'd always been a news junkie, always read lots of newspapers and watched the Sunday morning news shows on TV and felt strongly about issues of power, control, sexuality and race.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I'd asked around 10 or 15 people for suggestions. Finally one lady friend asked the right question, 'Well, what do you love most?' That's how I started painting money.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I'd been doing projects outdoors for the public. I made pigeons eat geometry by putting bread out in rhomboids and triangles. I don't know if this activity made sense, but the work was available.
artists	work-money	quip	general	0	I'd like to live as a poor man with lots of money.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I'll bet there are a lot of artists that nobody hears about who just make more money than anybody. The people that do all the sculptures and paintings for big building construction. We never hear about them, but they make more money than anybody.
artists	life	observation	general	0	I'm a very obsessive type. If I do get into it, I'll soon be there 12 hours a day. I just don't want to do that.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning.
artists	life	observation	general	0	I'm always followed by two or three cars and have police around. Even walking in the park, you see them taking photos behind the bushes and trying to videotape everything.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I'm always trying to bring unusual content to a different audience - a non-art-world audience.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I'm an artist who works with pictures and words. Sometimes that stuff ends up in different kinds of sites and contexts which determine what it means and looks like.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I'm bored with that line. I never use it anymore. My new line is 'In 15 minutes everybody will be famous.'
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I'm for mechanical art. When I took up silk screening, it was to more fully exploit the preconceived image through the commercial techniques of multiple reproduction.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I'm free from holding personal anger because I can express what I want through my music.
artists	life	observation	general	0	I'm interested in asking: 'What does feminine energy mean?' I don't have answers - I just have questions and interesting examples.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I'm interested in utopian communities of the past. Many of them didn't survive and I'm examining closely the reasons they failed.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I'm just being normal. A normal woman. Well, I don't know what a normal woman is, but I'm a woman and I'm -- Yoko and I've never changed that.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I'm kind of honored to be a dragon lady. The dragon is a very powerful, mythical animal.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I'm living my life, not buying a lifestyle.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I'm most embarrassed at my art shows, even though I don't show it.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I'm not a real person. I'm a legend.
artists	life	quip	general	0	I'm not going to doubt my life.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I'm not interested so much in collaboration. You see that from the history of my albums.
artists	arts	uplifting	general	0	I'm nothing else but an artist, I'm sure, and delighted to be.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I'm trying to deal with ideas about histories, fame, hearsay, and how public identities are constructed.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	I'm very representational some of the time, and a little all of the time. But when you're painting out of your unconscious, figures are bound to emerge.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	I'm very thankful that I can make people happy just by signing my name.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	I've always been very tied to language.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I've always said that I use my voice as an instrument. It was something I created myself, and I said, 'Have voice, will travel.'
artists	society	quip	general	0	I've always thought that it's good to watch the news to find out what everybody else is looking at and believing, if only because that's how consensus is constructed.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I've decided something: Commercial things really do stink. As soon as it becomes commercial for a mass market it really stinks.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I've never really considered myself just a street artist. I consider myself a populist.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	I've never worked in advertising - my experience was as an editorial designer for magazines - but you could say, in the bigger picture, that magazines are vehicles for colour advertising.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Ideas are one thing and what happens is another.
artists	life	quip	general	0	If I bring up political power, personal power, it sounds like they're my terms, and they're not.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	If I'm away from painting for a week, I get bored.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	If a woman writes about a domestic situation, everyone automatically assumes that it's about her.
artists	life	observation	general	0	If all the ways I have been along were marked on a map and joined up with a line, it might represent a minotaur.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	If everybody thinks of something, then it will happen. Your mind is part of the universe. It is connected, you can use its energy.
artists	society	observation	general	0	If most American cities are about the consumption of culture, Los Angeles and New York are about the production of culture - not only national culture but global culture.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	If my art has nothing to do with people's pain and sorrow, what is 'art' for?
artists	arts	quip	general	0	If only America would realize that the art of Europe is finished - dead - and that America is the country of the art of the future, instead of trying to base everything she does on European traditions!
artists	life	quip	general	0	If only we could pull out our brain and use only our eyes.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	If something is boring after two minutes, try it for four. If still boring, then eight. Then sixteen. Then thirty-two. Eventually one discovers that it is not boring at all.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	If the paying public demands naturalistic art, then an artist can use his skills to produce such pictures - but these are to be clearly distinguished from the artist's own art.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	If the universal is the essential, then it is the basis of all life and art. Recognizing and uniting with the universal therefore gives us the greatest aesthetic satisfaction, the greatest emotion of beauty.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	If there were only one truth, you couldn't paint a hundred canvases on the same theme.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	If you do performance and music, it's not performance as music.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	If you go back to all my albums, they're all confessional.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	If you have too many quotes from other people in your head, you can't create. You have to keep your head empty. That's why I am constantly enjoying the sky, the park, the walk.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	If you see a Renaissance body, this is completely ugly in this time. Everybody has to be skinny. But the Renaissance body with incredible flow of the meat everywhere, it was beauty.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	If you want to know all about Andy Warhol, just look at the surface of my paintings and films and me, and there I am. There's nothing behind it.
artists	life	observation	general	0	If you wear a wig, everybody notices. But if you then dye the wig, people notice the dye.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	If you're a baker, making bread, you're a baker. If you make the best bread in the world, you're not an artist, but if you bake the bread in the gallery, you're an artist. So the context makes the difference.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	If you're creating something that has some sort of cultural currency - if the idea is getting out there - then that will probably yield money in some form, whether it's through selling art or selling books or being asked to give a lecture.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	If you're not trying to be real, you don't have to get it right. That's art.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	If your choice enters into it, then taste is involved - bad taste, good taste, uninteresting taste. Taste is the enemy of art, A-R-T.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	If your life changes, we can change the world, too.
artists	life	observation	general	0	In America, everyone's always hiding their age.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	In French, there is an old expression, la patte, meaning the artist's touch, his personal style, his 'paw'. I wanted to get away from la patte and from all that retinal painting.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	In chess, there are some extremely beautiful things in the domain of movement, but not in the visual domain. It's the imagining of the movement or of the gesture that makes the beauty in this case.
artists	faith	wisdom	general	0	In every ancient culture, there are rituals to mortify the body as a way of understanding that the energy of the soul is indestructible.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	In my work I have complete control, but about my life, I don't want to.
artists	society	observation	general	0	In order to acquire a growing and lasting respect in society, it is a good thing, if you possess great talent, to give, early in your youth, a very hard kick to the right shin of the society that you love. After that, be a snob.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	In real life, you just work for the ordinary self, but in the front of audience you become the superself. That's a completely different thing.
artists	nature	wisdom	general	0	In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	In the 'Nude Descending a Staircase,' I wanted to create a static image of movement: movement is an abstraction, a deduction articulated within the painting, without our knowing if a real person is or isn't descending an equally real staircase.
artists	society	observation	general	0	In the Second World War, I was a little girl. I was evacuated in my country.
artists	society	quip	general	0	In the future, everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	In the midst of each epoch, I fully realize that a new epoch will dawn.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	In theater, blood is ketchup; in performance, everything's real.
artists	arts	aphorism	general	0	Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Instead of stubbornly attempting to use surrealism for purposes of subversion, it is necessary to try to make of surrealism something as solid, complete and classic as the works of museums.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Intellectual passion drives out sensuality.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Intuition enlightens and so links up with pure thought. They together become an intelligence which is not simply of the brain, which does not calculate, but feels and thinks.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Is there anything more dangerous than sympathetic understanding?
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Is truth always positive? Of course. Once the truth comes out, you know, it's all right. We're scared that if the truth comes out that it's not all right. It's the other way around.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves?
artists	arts	observation	general	0	It can be kind of gruesome at times, making things alone.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	It doesn't make much difference how the paint is put on as long as something has been said. Technique is just a means of arriving at a statement.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	It has become progressively clearer that the plastic expression of true reality is attained through dynamic movement in equilibrium. Plastic art affirms that equilibrium can only be established through the balance of unequal but equivalent oppositions.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	It has never been my object to record my dreams, just the determination to realize them.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	It is a matter of great indifference to me what criticism is printed in the papers and the magazines. I am simply working out my own ideas in my own way.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	It is better to imitate ancient than modern work.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	It is better to make a piece of music than to perform one, better to perform one than to listen to one, better to listen to one than to misuse it as a means of distraction, entertainment, or acquisition of 'culture.'
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	It is curious to note how fragile the memory is, even for the important times in one's life. This is, moreover, what explains the fortunate fantasy of history.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	It is good taste, and good taste alone, that possesses the power to sterilize and is always the first handicap to any creative functioning.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	It is not important to make many pictures but that I have one picture right.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	It is only when I lose contact with the painting that the result is a mess. Otherwise there is pure harmony, an easy give and take, and the painting comes out well.
artists	love	wisdom	general	0	It is very difficult for us to know we love somebody because it is an insecure position to be in. But in the end, it is important to be honest about your love because life is not that long.
artists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	It takes a long time to become young.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	It took me four years to paint like Raphael, but a lifetime to paint like a child.
artists	nature	observation	general	0	It was all so far away - there was quiet and an untouched feel to the country and I could work as I pleased.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	It was in the 1920s, when nobody had time to reflect, that I saw a still-life painting with a flower that was perfectly exquisite, but so small you really could not appreciate it.
artists	life	quip	general	0	It would be very glamorous to be reincarnated as a great big ring on Liz Taylor's finger.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	It's a product of two poles - there's the pole of the one who makes the work, and the pole of the one who looks at it. I give the latter as much importance as the one who makes it.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	It's a waste of time to think that if you colored a painting red what might have happened if you painted it black.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	It's a waste to not say anything with art.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
artists	life	observation	general	0	It's fun wandering around other people's minds.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	It's good to keep in mind that prominence is always a mix of hard work, eloquence in your practice, good timing and fortuitous social relations. Everything can't be personalized.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	It's great, I guess, when your paintings are hanging up in a museum.
artists	work-money	observation	general	0	It's hard for me to understand how working-class people support themselves.
artists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	It's necessary to start most work alone. But I'm tickled to death when I can pull somebody in or join someone, whether it's borrowing poetry or traveling with an associate.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	It's the movies that have really been running things in America ever since they were invented. They show you what to do, how to do it, when to do it, how to feel about it, and how to look how you feel about it.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	It's useless to play lullabies for those who cannot sleep.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	It's very important that young artists push boundaries, because sometimes you have this urge to do something - like the impulsive and dangerous urges I had as a child - and if you don't follow through with it you might miss out on a developmental experience.
artists	society	observation	general	0	Japanese are very proud and workaholics. Proud workaholics.
artists	life	observation	general	0	John wrote with a very deep love for the human race and a concern for its future.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	Just as courage is the danger of life, so is fear its safeguard.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Just as food eaten without appetite is a tedious nourishment, so does study without zeal damage the memory by not assimilating what it absorbs.
artists	arts	aphorism	general	0	Just as pure abstract art is not dogmatic, neither is it decorative.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge of the past and of the places of the earth is the ornament and food of the mind of man.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Lack of charisma can be fatal.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Land really is the best art.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Learning never exhausts the mind.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Let my enemies devour each other.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Let us note that art - even on an abstract level - has never been confined to 'idea'; art has always been the 'realized' expression of equilibrium.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	Life well spent is long.
artists	love	observation	general	0	Life with another person is always difficult.
artists	work-money	quip	general	0	Liking money like I like it, is nothing less than mysticism. Money is a glory.
artists	society	observation	general	0	Listen: our culture is saturated with irony whether we know it or not.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Living is more a question of what one spends than what one makes.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Look, we're all saddled with things that make us better or worse. This world is a crazy place, and I've chosen to make my work about that insanity.
artists	family	dark	general	0	Losing my daughter was a very serious pain. There was always some empty space in my heart.
artists	love	uplifting	general	0	Love is the greatest refreshment in life.
artists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
artists	nature	wisdom	general	0	Man and animals are in reality vehicles and conduits of food, tombs of animals, hostels of Death, coverings that consume, deriving life by the death of others.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Man can never expect to start from scratch; he must start from ready-made things, like even his own mother and father.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Many are they who have a taste and love for drawing, but no talent; and this will be discernible in boys who are not diligent and never finish their drawings with shading.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Many incredible artists die before they were famous.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Many of my songs were dance orientated from way back. That's because I love dance! When I hear a dance number, just hearing the first eight bars, it immediately makes my bod start moving and dancing.
artists	life	observation	general	0	Many people do remember their births, but they deny it.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Marcel, no more painting; go get a job.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Marks on paper are free - free speech - press - pictures all go together I suppose.
artists	love	observation	general	0	Marriage is a difficult project. When seven years have passed and all your body's cells have been replaced, you're meant to experience that seven-year itch.
artists	love	quip	general	0	Marriage is a gamble, let's be honest.
artists	love	dark	general	0	Marriage is like putting your hand into a bag of snakes in the hope of pulling out an eel.
artists	health-body	wisdom	general	0	Medicine is the restoration of discordant elements; sickness is the discord of the elements infused into the living body.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Medicine men live in caves.
artists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Mistakes are almost always of a sacred nature. Never try to correct them. On the contrary: rationalize them, understand them thoroughly. After that, it will be possible for you to sublimate them.
artists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Money is not everything. We don't need billions and trillions of dollars.
artists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Money talks. It starts rumors about careers and complicity and speaks of the tragedies and triumphs of our social lives.
artists	society	observation	general	0	Most campaigns rely on photographs because the moment you do something that is a graphic interpretation where any artistic license has been taken, I think a lot of people are scared that it's going to be perceived as propaganda.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Most of the fans of John Lennon and maybe John and -- Yoko are younger than me.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Most of the time, the artists are not supposed to wear the fashion. It is always seen as a vanity. But I think I don't need to prove anything in my life. I can honestly say I love fashion and I can be many things at the same time.
artists	life	observation	general	0	Most people like to hear sounds they are used to.
artists	family	quip	general	0	Mothers are not supposed to give guidance.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Music is like my security blanket.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	My Ready-Mades have nothing to do with the 'objet trouve' because the so-called 'found object' is completely directed by personal taste. Personal taste decides that this is a beautiful object and is unique.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	My basic influence had probably been Peter Max.
artists	life	observation	general	0	My beauty secret is... nothing! I don't drink too much water. I don't eat very well. Sometimes I cheat and grab some chocolate. The best thing is to eat what you want, but not very much.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	My career? I never think of it as a 'career.' Art and music and all those things that I'm creating are just part of me.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	My fascination with letting images repeat and repeat - or in film's case 'run on' - manifests my belief that we spend much of our lives seeing without observing.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	My father was a banker, but he was an independent spirit. He was a very good pianist and very much into music.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	My favorite Twombly is 'Apollo and the Artist,' with the big 'Apollo' written across it.
artists	love	quip	general	0	My first husband met me as a career woman, and the second did, too. I was lucky.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	My grandmother, when she looked at American movies, she said, 'They're all the same. In the first scene somebody shoots somebody and then everybody makes phone calls.'
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	My heart is mysteriously alive in the world of sounds - a totally different dimension from the daily life.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	My husband John Lennon was a very special man. A man of humble origin, he brought light and hope to the whole world with his words and music.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	My idea of a good picture is one that's in focus and of a famous person.
artists	life	quip	general	0	My life was pretty rough.
artists	family	dark	general	0	My mother and father had a terrible marriage. They celebrated their wedding anniversary one year with their friends. Why did they celebrate? Maybe because they had lasted so many years without killing each other.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	My mother said to me, 'If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope.' Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	My painting carries with it the message of pain.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	My painting does not come from the easel.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	My paintings do not have a center, but depend on the same amount of interest throughout.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	My position is the lack of a position, but, of course, you can't even talk about it; the minute you talk, you spoil the whole game.
artists	life	observation	general	0	My stay in Munich was the scene of my complete liberation.
artists	life	observation	general	0	My toys were those of a boy: skates, bicycles.
artists	nature	wisdom	general	0	Nature is the source of all true knowledge. She has her own logic, her own laws, she has no effect without cause nor invention without necessity.
artists	nature	wisdom	general	0	Nature never breaks her own laws.
artists	nature	wisdom	general	0	Necessity is the mistress and guide of nature. Necessity is the theme and inventress of nature, her curb and her eternal law.
artists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Never permit a dichotomy to rule your life, a dichotomy in which you hate what you do so you can have pleasure in your spare time. Look for a situation in which your work will give you as much happiness as your spare time.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	No one person could have broken up a band, especially one the size of the Beatles.
artists	nature	wisdom	general	0	Nobody sees a flower really; it is so small. We haven't time, and to see takes time - like to have a friend takes time.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Non-figurative art is created by establishing a dynamic rhythm of determinate mutual relations which excludes the formation of any particular form.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Nothing is written in stone. So don't prepare yourself for a long and lucrative career. You might die tomorrow. Your gold holdings might become dust. Just make the music you want to make now and enjoy it.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
artists	life	dark	general	0	Now and then, someone would accuse me of being evil - of letting people destroy themselves while I watched, just so I could film them and tape-record them. But I didn't think of myself as evil - just realistic.
artists	society	observation	general	0	Now the British are coming. I think Cameron should ask the Chinese government not to make people 'disappear' or to jail them merely because they have different opinions.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Occasionally, when I get mad at a woman, I'll do some great, awful painting about her.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Of course, there will always be those who look only at technique, who ask 'how', while others of a more curious nature will ask 'why'. Personally, I have always preferred inspiration to information.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Of the opposite sex, I have the moustache and, in general, the face.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	On the floor I am more at ease. I feel nearer, more part of the painting, since this way I can walk around it, work from the four sides and literally be in the painting.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	On the worst days, I don't feel like an artist.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Once you 'got' Pop, you could never see a sign again the same way again. And once you thought Pop, you could never see America the same way again.
artists	life	observation	general	0	Once you live in New York, you can't live anywhere else. Living in Paris is like going in slow motion. It's so bourgeois. I get so bored.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	One can not be an American by going about saying that one is an American. It is necessary to feel America, like America, love America and then work.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	One can rightly speak of an evolution in plastic art. It is of the greatest importance to note this fact, for it reveals the true way of art - the only path along which we can advance.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	One can't paint New York as it is, but rather as it is felt.
artists	arts	uplifting	general	0	One day, the dance charts will be the biggest chart in the music world. Because we all need to dance. This planet will be a fun planet when the judges in court will end the day with a dance!
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	One does a whole painting for one peach and people think just the opposite - that particular peach is but a detail.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	One is a painter because one wants so-called freedom; one doesn't want to go to the office every morning.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	One must act in painting as in life, directly.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	One of the glories and terrors of working in public is that you do see if your output means anything to anyone.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	One of the most wonderful things for me is to watch somebody else perform, where I am the audience - I love this more than ever.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	One of the satisfactions of a genius is his will-power and obstinacy.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	One thing I learned working at magazines was that if you couldn't get people to look at a page or a cover, then you were fired. It was all about how you create arresting works, and by arresting I mean stop people, even for a nano-second.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	One thing that changed when I moved upstate was that I became interested in different materials. I started making the stone benches because I was seeing rocks.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Only conscious man can mirror the universal: he can consciously become one with the universal and so can consciously transcend the individual.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not.
artists	faith	wisdom	general	0	Our body is dependant on Heaven and Heaven on the Spirit.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Our life is half natural and half technological. Half-and-half is good. You cannot deny that high-tech is progress. We need it for jobs. Yet if you make only high-tech, you make war. So we must have a strong human element to keep modesty and natural life.
artists	life	dark	general	0	Our life is made by the death of others.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	Our public officials have forgotten that they are ultimately accountable to the people who put them in office, that the information they keep in secrecy belongs to all of us.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Painting completed my life.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Painting is a blind man's profession. He paints not what he sees, but what he feels, what he tells himself about what he has seen.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Painting is a language of its own. You cannot interpret one form of expression with another form of expression.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Painting is an infinitely minute part of my personality.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Painting is concerned with all the 10 attributes of sight; which are: Darkness, Light, Solidity and Colour, Form and Position, Distance and Propinquity, Motion and Rest.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Painting is self-discovery. Every good artist paints what he is.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	People accuse artists of being narcissists - of course we are! If we don't like ourselves, who's going to like us?
artists	arts	quip	general	0	People are always wondering if I am an artist or political activist or politician. Maybe I'll just clearly tell you: Whatever I do is not art. Let's say it is just objects or materials, movies or writing, but not art, OK?
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	People are still thinking of solving problems by violence and war, and that has to stop.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	People don't remember each tree in a park but all of us benefit from the trees. And in a way, artists are like trees in a park.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	People have so much pain inside them that they're not even aware of.
artists	society	observation	general	0	People in New York never have time for anything.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	People just love to be entertained, and in order to entertain them, you have to do things in a way that they understand.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	People make music to get a reaction. Music is communication.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	People need to be made more aware of the need to work at learning how to live because life is so quick and sometimes it goes away too quickly.
artists	love	observation	general	0	People put so much effort into starting a relationship and so little effort into ending one.
artists	society	observation	general	0	People say that this new generation is so used to the Internet that their heads are already different. They can't read a book from beginning to end. That is not a tragedy. The book changes form.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	People sometimes say the way things happen in the movies is unreal, but actually, it's the way things happen to you in life that's unreal.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	People talk to people who perceive nothing, who have open eyes and see nothing; they shall talk to them and receive no answer; they shall adore those who have ears and hear nothing; they shall burn lamps for those who do not see.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	People think that their world will get smaller as they get older. My experience is just the opposite. Your senses become more acute. You start to blossom.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Performance art is going to be the future. Plays on Broadway are so restricted. But performance art is like haikus, just one line thing. And it's more casual but more interesting.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Performance has to be mainstream art. This is what I'm fighting for.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Performance is there, and if you are not there in that moment it happened, it just stays in the memory. It's so immaterial and something this immaterial is very difficult to collect. Its difficult to buy, its how we can buy immaterial art.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	Please know that being 80 is not a scary thing. When you're 80, your life is much freer.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	Poor is the pupil who does not surpass his master.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	Power doesn't just exist. It is threaded through different mechanisms of control. I'm interested in those complexities. But I want to address that in very forthright language and sometimes with images.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Power is power. It's energy. And if you get big, big energy, you can use that in a good way.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation.
artists	life	observation	general	0	Prominence is cool, but when the delusion kicks in it can be a drag. Especially if you choose to surround yourself with friends and not acolytes.
artists	society	observation	general	0	Propaganda has a negative connotation, which it partially deserves, but I think there is some propaganda that is very positive. I feel that if you can do something that gets people's attention, then maybe they'll go and find out more about the person.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Protect me from what I want.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Reality can be elastic, and I want to see how elastic it can be, you know?
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Reality only appears to us tragical because of the disequilibrium and confusion of its appearances.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Really, I do not know whether my paintings are surrealist or not, but I do know that they are the frankest expression of myself.
artists	life	observation	general	0	Recently I danced in a video spoof of the song 'Gangnam Style,' and it was quickly banned across multiple Chinese online video platforms. But the story still traveled all over the world, carried in hundreds of international media reports.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	Remember, each one of us has the power to change the world. Just start thinking peace, and the message will spread quicker than you think.
artists	science	aphorism	general	0	Science is the captain, and practice the soldiers.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Sculpture is the art of the intelligence.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Sculpture is the best comment that a painter can make on painting.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	Seeing is no longer believing. The very notion of truth has been put into crisis. In a world bloated with images, we are finally learning that photographs do indeed lie.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Sex is more exciting on the screen and between the pages than between the sheets.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Should graffiti be judged on the same level as modern art? Of course not: It's way more important than that.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Since I was seventeen I thought I might be a star. I'd think about all my heroes, Charlie Parker, Jimi Hendrix... I had a romantic feeling about how these people became famous.
artists	life	dark	general	0	Since I was shot, everything is such a dream to me. Like I don't know whether I'm alive or whether I died. I wasn't afraid before. And having been dead once, I shouldn't feel fear. But I am afraid. I don't understand why.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Since people are going to be living longer and getting older, they'll just have to learn how to be babies longer.
artists	society	observation	general	0	Since the global economic crisis began, the change in global attitudes is clear to see - and I think it is pitiful. Barack Obama came to China and he is probably the only president of the United States never to mention the words 'human rights' in public.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Since the tubes of paint used by the artist are manufactured and ready-made products, we must conclude that all the paintings in the world are 'ready-mades aided' and also works of assemblage.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Singing has always seemed to me the most perfect means of expression. It is so spontaneous. And after singing, I think the violin. Since I cannot sing, I paint.
artists	tech	wisdom	general	0	Skin has become inadequate in interfacing with reality. Technology has become the body's new membrane of existence.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	Sloppy thinking gets worse over time.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	So many artists say they're not aware of audience. For me is unbelievable.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	So many people seem to prefer my silver-screenings of movie stars to the rest of my work. It must be the subject matter that attracts them, because my death and violence paintings are just as good.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	So much of art-making is about reducing things to the essentials, so I don't feel particularly crippled by this. I don't want it to look natural because then I would be making a documentary film.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Society tells you that when you're old you have to retire. You have to defy that.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Sociological critics are waste makers.
artists	life	observation	general	0	Some days I can't get an idea, and I think, 'Man, I'm just washed up,' but it's just a mood.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Some painters transform the sun into a yellow spot, others transform a yellow spot into the sun.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Some people think that movements, such as the movements in ballet, are a higher cultural expression, whereas some are just dirt. I think it is elitist to think that a trained movement is more acceptable than untrained and possibly unrehearsed movements.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes I am happy and sometimes not. I am, after all, a human being, you know. And I am glad that we are sometimes happy and sometimes not. You get your wisdom working by having different emotions.
artists	family	observation	general	0	Sometimes the father feels pushed out because of the connection between the mother and the child.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Sound as medium has an incredible elasticity. So, of course, it is tempting for artists of other fields to try something with sounds. Why not? We are living in the age when there is no limit in gathering all forms of art and music to mix it together if you so desire.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Subjectivity ceases to exist only when the mutation-like leap is made from subjectivity to objectivity, from individual existence to universal existence.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Success is dangerous. One begins to copy oneself, and to copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others. It leads to sterility.
artists	nature	wisdom	general	0	Sun-bleached bones were most wonderful against the blue - that blue that will always be there as it is now after all man's destruction is finished.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Surrealism is destructive, but it destroys only what it considers to be shackles limiting our vision.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Take me, I am the drug; take me, I am hallucinogenic.
artists	work-money	observation	general	0	Teaching at university isn't like teaching in an art school.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	That's the test of street art - to see if anybody stopped. People would cross out ones they didn't like and would star others. I liked that people would engage with them.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	The 'Bird's Nest' National Stadium, which I helped to conceive, is designed to embody the Olympic spirit of 'fair competition.' It tells people that freedom is possible but needs fairness, courage and strength.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	The 'Glass' is not my autobiography, nor is it self-expression. Far from it.
artists	society	observation	general	0	The 1960s were about releasing ourselves from conventional society and freeing ourselves.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	The American experience influenced my understanding of individuality, basic human rights, freedom of expression and the rights and responsibilities of citizens.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	The Beatles were a group made up of four very complex men, and my small hand could not have broken these men up.
artists	society	observation	general	0	The Beijing Olympics and the Shanghai World Expo show just how much effort China is willing to spend to enter the global stage. But while China desires to understand the world, it fails to accept its universal values.
artists	society	quip	general	0	The Medici created and destroyed me.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	The art world was not initially really accepting my kind of work. I was ahead of my time.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider's web.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The artist sees the tragic to such a degree that he is compelled to express the non-tragic.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The beginnings and ends of shadow lie between the light and darkness and may be infinitely diminished and infinitely increased. Shadow is the means by which bodies display their form. The forms of bodies could not be understood in detail but for shadow.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	The big problem of our modern society is that we feel that we are separated from the nature. But it's just the opposite. We are interrelated and our DNA is the same. And only when human beings understand that, the nature will not be obstacle.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	The black person is the protagonist in most of my paintings. I realized that I didn't see many paintings with black people in them.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The chief enemy of creativity is 'good' sense.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	The clothes of Courreges are so nice.
artists	tech	observation	general	0	The computer is my favourite invention. I feel lucky to be part of the global village. I don't mean to brag, but I'm so fast with technology. People think it all seems too much, but we'll get used to it. I'm sure it all seemed too much when we were learning to walk.
artists	life	observation	general	0	The country makes me more paranoid, you know? I think the crazy people out there are little crazier.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The curious thing about the Ready-Made is that I've never been able to arrive at a definition or explanation that fully satisfies me. There's still magic in the idea, so I'd rather keep it that way than try to be exoteric about it.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The cynicism that you have is not your real soul.
artists	work-money	aphorism	general	0	The days you work are the best days.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The desire for freedom and equilibrium (harmony) is inherent in man (due to the universal in him).
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The desperate things seem to require attention, the lovely things seem to elicit celebration. If I had to choose, I would go to the awful in the hope that doing something could yield a happier result.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The difference between false memories and true ones is the same as for jewels: it is always the false ones that look the most real, the most brilliant.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	The entire world of art has reached such a low level, it has been commercialized to such a degree that art and everything related to it has become one of the most trivial activities of our epoch.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	The epiphany for me was that I wasn't a writer, and I had to do something with these texts. I put them in the streets as posters.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The first man to compare the cheeks of a young woman to a rose was obviously a poet; the first to repeat it was possibly an idiot.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The first question I ask myself when something doesn't seem to be beautiful is why do I think it's not beautiful. And very shortly you discover that there is no reason.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The function of the artist in a disturbed society is to give awareness of the universe, to ask the right questions, and to elevate the mind.
artists	life	quip	general	0	The future is now.
artists	science	observation	general	0	The genius of Einstein leads to Hiroshima.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The great problem was the selection of the readymade. I needed to choose an object without it impressing me: that is to say, without it providing any sort of aesthetic delectation. Moreover, I needed to reduce my own personal taste to absolute zero.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The hardest thing to do is something that is close to nothing.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The highest purpose is to have no purpose at all. This puts one in accord with nature, in her manner of operation.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The human bird shall take his first flight, filling the world with amazement, all writings with his fame, and bringing eternal glory to the nest whence he sprang.
artists	life	observation	general	0	The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art.
artists	life	quip	general	0	The human race is a very, very magical race. We have a magic power of witches and wizards. We're here on this earth to unravel the mystery of this planet. The planet is asking for it.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The individual - man as a man, man as a brain, if you like - interests me more than what he makes because I've noticed that most artists only repeat themselves.
artists	tech	observation	general	0	The internet is a wild land with its own games, languages and gestures through which we are starting to share common feelings.
artists	science	fact	general	0	The length of a man's outspread arms is equal to his height.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The meaning of words has become so blurred by past usage that 'abstract' is identified with 'vague' and 'unreal,' and 'inwardness' with a sort of traditional beatitude... The conception of the word 'plastic' has also been limited by individual interpretations.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The mind is crazy thing. To be focused is the most difficult thing.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The mind of the painter must resemble a mirror, which always takes the colour of the object it reflects and is completely occupied by the images of as many objects as are in front of it.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The modern artist is working with space and time, and expressing his feelings rather than illustrating.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The modern artist... is working and expressing an inner world - in other words - expressing the energy, the motion, and other inner forces.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	The more I paint the more I like everything.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The more technique you have, the less you have to worry about it. The more technique there is, the less there is.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The most advanced minds as well as the least advanced are obliged to use the same words. If we adopt new words, it will be even more difficult - if not impossible - to make ourselves understood. The new man must therefore express himself in conventional language.
artists	love	wisdom	general	0	The most exciting attractions are between two opposites that never meet.
artists	love	wisdom	general	0	The most exciting thing is not doing it. If you fall in love with someone and never do it, it's much more exciting.
artists	life	quip	general	0	The most important part of the body is the brain. Of my face, I like the eyebrows and eyes. Aside from that, I like nothing. My head is too small.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The most profound things are inexpressible.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	The most revolutionary ideas are not sellable, but only mind-changing.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The natural desire of good men is knowledge.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The natural does not have to be a specific representation. I am now working on a thing which is a reconstruction of a starry sky, yet I make it, nevertheless, without a given in nature.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	The nice thing about the gallery shows is that without having to pay any money you can just go and see it.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	The older you get the stronger the wind gets - and it's always in your face.
artists	life	quip	general	0	The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	The only instrument I can play is piano. Whenever I make songs at home, I play the piano and make them on the piano.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The only theatre I do is my own. Somehow, my life is the only life that I can play.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The only thing I know is that I paint because I need to, and I paint whatever passes through my head without any other consideration.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The painter who draws merely by practice and by eye, without any reason, is like a mirror which copies every thing placed in front of it without being conscious of their existence.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The painting has a life of its own. I try to let it come through.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	The people who make art their business are mostly imposters.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The poet ranks far below the painter in the representation of visible things, and far below the musician in that of invisible things.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The position of the artist if humble. He is essentially a channel.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The positive and negative states of being bring about action. They cause the loss of balance and of happiness. They cause the eternal revolutions - the changes that follow one upon the other. They explain why happiness cannot be achieved in time.
artists	society	observation	general	0	The problem with copyright enforcement is that when the parameters aren't incredibly well defined, it means big corporations, who have deeper pockets and better lawyers, can bully people.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The public is in need of experiences that are not just voyeuristic. Our society is in a mess of losing its spiritual centre.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
artists	society	observation	general	0	The reason why bookstores are going out of business in the States is that people just can't focus on longer narratives now - even narrative film is in crisis in many ways, unless it's an adventure film.
artists	love	wisdom	general	0	The regret of my life is that I have not said 'I love you' often enough.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The rhythm of relations of color and size makes the absolute appear in the relativity of time and space.
artists	life	quip	general	0	The secret of my influence has always been that it remained secret.
artists	nature	observation	general	0	The seed is a household object but at the same time it is a revolutionary symbol.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The senses are of the earth, the reason stands apart from them in contemplation.
artists	nature	uplifting	general	0	The sky is always there for me, while my life has been going through many, many changes. When I look up the sky, it gives me a nice feeling, like looking at an old friend.
artists	nature	wisdom	general	0	The smallest feline is a masterpiece.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The spirit desires to remain with its body, because, without the organic instruments of that body, it can neither act, nor feel anything.
artists	faith	wisdom	general	0	The spiritual (i.e. the supersensory) has many degrees; thus, the term 'spiritual' is used both for the scale of degrees away from the physical towards the spirit, but also only for the spiritual proper.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	The strangeness will wear off and I think we will discover the deeper meanings in modern art.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The subjectivization of the universal in art brings the universal downward on one hand, while on the other it helps raise the individual toward the universal.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.
artists	work-money	aphorism	general	0	The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.
artists	work-money	observation	general	0	The thing that would most improve my life is 27 hours in a day. I could meet all my deadlines.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	The truth of things is the chief nutriment of superior intellects.
artists	nature	wisdom	general	0	The universe, when you leave it alone, is going to be beautiful.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The way I make art - the way a lot of people make art - is as an extension of language and communication, where references are incredibly important.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	The whole world is starting to realize that it was the most unwise thing for our society to have ignored women power, to run the society with male priorities.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	The world doesn't need an artist who shows reality as it is.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	The world today doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do?
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Theater is something that as a performance artist you have to hate.
artists	life	fact	general	0	There are about 30 words around you all the time, like 'thread' or 'exit.'
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	There are four Powers: memory and intellect, desire and covetousness. The two first are mental and the others sensual. The three senses: sight, hearing and smell cannot well be prevented; touch and taste not at all.
artists	society	quip	general	0	There are only two types of women - goddesses and doormats.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	There are so many moments and works that influence us in what we do. Movies, music, TV and, most importantly, the profound everydayness of our lives.
artists	life	quip	general	0	There are some days when I think I'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	There are three classes of people: those who see, those who see when they are shown, those who do not see.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	There does not exist a painter who knows himself or knows what he is doing.
artists	love	dark	general	0	There have been two great accidents in my life. One was the trolley, and the other was Diego. Diego was by far the worst.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	There is an incredible love in creating art unless somebody is saying, 'Hey, let's just make money,' because it doesn't work when you do it that way. If you are aiming for that, forget it.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	There is no abstract art. You must always start with something. Afterward you can remove all traces of reality.
artists	science	fact	general	0	There is no object so large but that at a great distance from the eye it does not appear smaller than a smaller object near.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	There is no such thing as an empty space or an empty time. There is always something to see, something to hear. In fact, try as we may to make a silence, we cannot.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	There is only one difference between a madman and me. The madman thinks he is sane. I know I am mad.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	There is poetry as soon as we realize that we possess nothing.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	There is something like an explosion in the meaning of certain words: they have a greater value than their meaning in the dictionary.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	There was an incident, in 1912, which 'gave me a turn,' so to speak: when I brought the 'Nude Descending a Staircase' to the Independants, and they asked me to withdraw it before the opening.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	There's a long life ahead of you and it's going to be beautiful, as long as you keep loving and hugging each other.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	There's a moment of recognition. It's that white-light kind of stuff that just 'works.' I love that. And you know it when it happens, whether it's a movie, music, a building, a book.
artists	society	observation	general	0	There's many women now who think, 'Surely we don't need feminism anymore, we're all liberated and society's accepting us as we are'. Which is just hogwash. It's not true at all.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	There's obviously nothing wrong with selling your art - only an idiot with a trust fund would tell you otherwise. But it's confusing to know how far you should take it.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	They ought to put out the eyes of painters as they do goldfinches in order that they can sing better.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	They thought I was a Surrealist, but I wasn't. I never painted dreams. I painted my own reality.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Things are beautiful or ugly only in time and space. The new man's vision being liberated from these two factors, all is unified in one unique beauty.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Things change and work changes. Right now I like the idea of enveloping a space and getting messages across that connect to the world in ways that seem familiar but are different.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Things were sort of Bohemian in Montmartre - one lived, one painted, one was a painter - all that doesn't mean anything, fundamentally.
artists	society	observation	general	0	This nation is notorious for its ability to make or fake anything cheaply. 'Made-in-China' goods now fill homes around the world. But our giant country has a small problem. We can't manufacture the happiness of our people.
artists	society	quip	general	0	This society is driven by neurotic speed and force accelerated by greed and frustration of not being able to live up to the image of men and woman we have created for ourselves; the image has nothing to do with the reality of people.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Through the very culture of representation through form, we have come to see that the abstract - like the mathematical - is actually expressed in and through all things, although not determinately.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Time abides long enough for those who make use of it.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Time is an illusion. Time only exists when we think about the past and the future. Time doesn't exist in the present here and now.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	To control the breathing is to control the mind. With different patterns of breathing, you can fall in love, you can hate someone, you can feel the whole spectrum of feelings just by changing your breathing.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	To copy others is necessary, but to copy oneself is pathetic.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	To create one's world in any of the arts takes courage.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	To draw you must close your eyes and sing.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	To finish a work? To finish a picture? What nonsense! To finish it means to be through with it, to kill it, to rid it of its soul, to give it its final blow the coup de grace for the painter as well as for the picture.
artists	love	wisdom	general	0	To have a relationship that is pure and passionate and beautiful - I think people are scared of having that now. Especially guys.
artists	life	observation	general	0	To make oneself hated is more difficult than to make oneself loved.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	To me, a painter, if not the most useful, is the least harmful member of our society.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	To me, the concept of distance is not important. Distance doesn't exist, in fact, and neither does time. Vibrations from love or music can be felt everywhere, at all times.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	To move the picture into our surroundings and give it real existence has been my ideal since I came to abstract painting.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	To paint is the most terrific thing that there is, but to do it well is very difficult.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	To protect the right of expression is the central part of an artist's activity... In China many essential rights are lacking, and I wanted to remind people of this.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	To really change the way society thinks, you have to give your entire being to it until there's nothing left.
artists	society	observation	general	0	To the media, I have become a symbolic figure, critical of China. According to the government, I am a dangerous threat.
artists	society	observation	general	0	To work in architecture you are so much involved with society, with politics, with bureaucrats. It's a very complicated process to do large projects. You start to see the society, how it functions, how it works. Then you have a lot of criticism about how it works.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Today painters do not have to go to a subject matter outside of themselves. Most modern painters work from a different source. They work from within.
artists	society	observation	general	0	Today, our attention is less than the television advertisement. We're looking at six or seven problems constantly. We're living in the disturbed societies of cities. I think modern technology is one of the worst things human beings have invented.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Tradition is the great misleader because it's too easy to follow what has already been done - even though you may think you're giving it a kick. I was really trying to invent, instead of merely expressing myself.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	True Boogie-Woogie I conceive as homogeneous in intention with mine in painting: destruction of melody, which is the equivalent of destruction of natural appearance, and construction through the continuous opposition of pure means - dynamic rhythm.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	True artists are prophets. I don't want to be that prophetic in that sense because it's so lonely.
artists	tech	observation	general	0	Twitter was like a poem. It was rich, real and spontaneous. It really fit my style. In a year and a half, I tweeted 60,000 tweets, over 100,000 words. I spent a minimum eight hours a day on it, sometimes 24 hours.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Voyeurism is a director's job description. It's an artist's, too.
artists	society	uplifting	general	0	War is over if you want it.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Warhol's images made sense to me, although I knew nothing at the time of his background in commercial art. To be honest, I didn't think about him a hell of a lot.
artists	society	dark	general	0	Wars have never hurt anybody except the people who die.
artists	nature	wisdom	general	0	Water is the driving force of all nature.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	We all know that Art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth, at least the truth that is given to us to understand.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	We always project into the future or reflect in the past, but we are so little in the present.
artists	life	observation	general	0	We are actually living in a million parallel realities every single minute.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	We are all dreamers creating the next world, the next beautiful world for ourselves and for our children.
artists	arts	aphorism	general	0	We are all hungry and thirsty for concrete images. Abstract art will have been good for one thing: to restore its exact virginity to figurative art.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	We are involved in a life that passes understanding and our highest business is our daily life.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	We are used to cleaning the outside house, but the most important house to clean is yourself - your own house - which we never do.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	We artists have the dignity to tell the truth to the people, unlike politicians.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	We carry our homes within us which enables us to fly.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	We don't grow older, we grow riper.
artists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	We don't live by just sleeping and eating. We need pride and dignity in our lives. Work gives you that.
artists	science	fact	general	0	We know that our cells are speaking to each other.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	We live in an age when the traditional great subjects - the human form, the landscape, even newer traditions such as abstract expressionism - are daily devalued by commercial art.
artists	love	quip	general	0	We live too long for one marriage.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	We make such terrible mistakes with visual choices about beauty.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	We must always remember that the Chinese revolution was not a peasant's revolution, but one of the extreme Right.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	We must look not to the negative (the misery, the bestial in life), although we undergo it and sympathize with it, but rather to the burgeoning life around us, which is strengthened by the negative.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	We must not discriminate between things. Where things are concerned there are no class distinctions. We must pick out what is good for us where we can find it.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	We need not destroy the past. It is gone.
artists	life	observation	general	0	We need words to name and designate things. But we have only a static language with which to express ourselves.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	We're growing up together, the human race. And we've discovered a lot of things that we didn't know. We're finding our way. Instead of thinking about doomsday all the time, think about how beautiful the world is. We're all together, and together we're getting wiser.
artists	science	fact	general	0	Weight, force and casual impulse, together with resistance, are the four external powers in which all the visible actions of mortals have their being and their end.
artists	life	quip	general	0	What am I? Do I know? I am a man: quite simply, a 'breather.'
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	What art is, in reality, is this missing link, not the links which exist. It's not what you see that is art; art is the gap.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	What is a face, really? Its own photo? Its make-up? Or is it a face as painted by such or such painter? That which is in front? Inside? Behind? And the rest? Doesn't everyone look at himself in his own particular way? Deformations simply do not exist.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	What makes the production of my work so expensive? The whole installation thing - the construction, the objects, the technology. It really adds up.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	What the Beatles did was something incredible, it was more than what a band could do. We have to give them respect.
artists	society	uplifting	general	0	What we do really affects the world. Most of us think we can't do anything, but it really isn't true.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	What would I do with money? I have enough for my needs. I don't want any more. If I had a lot, I would have to care for it, worry about it.
artists	society	observation	general	0	What's great about this country is that America started the tradition where the richest consumers buy essentially the same things as the poorest.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	When I am in my painting, I'm not aware of what I'm doing.
artists	life	dark	general	0	When I die, it will be a shipwreck, and as when a huge ship sinks, many people all around will be sucked down with it.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	When I got my first television set, I stopped caring so much about having close relationships.
artists	family	observation	general	0	When I got pregnant, I had to concentrate on being pregnant for a whole nine months, even though I knew it was ruining my career at the time.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	When I put a bicycle wheel on a stool, the fork down, there was no idea of a 'ready-made' or anything else. It was just a distraction. I didn't have any special reason to do it, or any intention of showing it or describing anything.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	When I say artist I mean the man who is building things - creating molding the earth - whether it be the plains of the west - or the iron ore of Penn. It's all a big game of construction - some with a brush - some with a shovel - some choose a pen.
artists	society	observation	general	0	When I speak out against the guns or against the big corporations, some of my friends say, 'Oh Yoko, be careful. These people have all the power.' But, you know, most people don't speak out because they are frightened.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	When I think about how I want to reach an audience, I just wanted to make pieces that were inspired by something that gave me so much pleasure.
artists	life	observation	general	0	When I turned 60, it didn't bother me at all.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	When I was a child, my mother said to me, 'If you become a soldier, you'll be a general. If you become a monk, you'll end up as the Pope.' Instead, I became a painter and wound up as Picasso.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	When I was four years old, my mother put me into a school for early music education where you get perfect pitch and harmony and composition.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	When I'm painting, I'm not aware of what I'm doing. It's only after a get acquainted period that I see what I've been about. I've no fears about making changes for the painting has a life of its own.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	When Lady Gaga says I am her inspiration, you reach kids between 12 and 18. Now I am like a brand - jeans, Coca-Cola.
artists	society	quip	general	0	When Orientals are attacked, they don't hit back.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	When cubism began to take a social form, Metzinger was especially talked about. He explained cubism, while Picasso never explained anything. It took a few years to see that not talking was better than talking too much.
artists	family	observation	general	0	When my daughter was young, she thought all electronic signs were mine.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	When people ask me what the most important thing is in life, I answer: 'Just breathe.'
artists	society	quip	general	0	When people ask me where I am from I never say, 'Serbia.' I always say, 'I come from a country that no longer exists.'
artists	arts	quip	general	0	When people don't understand my work, I don't feel like explaining.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	When the vision of the 'Nude' flashed upon me, I knew that it would break forever the enslaving chains of Naturalism.
artists	arts	aphorism	general	0	When we separate music from life we get art.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	When you are suffering, you become more understanding about yourself, but also about other people's sufferings too. That's the first step to understand somebody is to understand their sufferings. So then love follows.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	When you are totally depressed, you should try giggling. Just make yourself laugh. Force yourself to laugh.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	When you go through a negative situation, don't think about it. Make it positive.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	When you go to war, both sides lose totally.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	When you have a nonverbal conversation with a total stranger, then he can't cover himself with words, he can't create a wall.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	When you have strict censorship of the internet, young students cannot receive a full education. Their view of the world is imbalanced. There can be no true discussion of the issues.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	When you make a painting, even abstract, there is always a sort of necessary filling-in.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	When you start with a portrait and search for a pure form, a clear volume, through successive eliminations, you arrive inevitably at the egg. Likewise, starting with the egg and following the same process in reverse, one finishes with the portrait.
artists	life	observation	general	0	When you think about it, department stores are kind of like museums.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	When you walk down the street and see something in a crazy spot, there's something powerful about that. The street will always be an important part of getting art out there for me.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	When you're imagining peace, you can't kill anyone. That's good isn't it?
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Who sees the human face correctly: the photographer, the mirror, or the painter?
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	Who sows virtue reaps honor.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Whoever says he is starting from a given in nature may be right, and so is he who says he is starting from nothing!
artists	society	observation	general	0	Why am I not feminist? Maybe because I come from a country where my mother ruled my life. I never felt in any way that I couldn't achieve what I want.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	Why are all the artists so dead-set on distorting? It seems to be a reaction against photography, but I'm not sure.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Why do they cover Paul's songs but never mine?
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Why do two colors, put one next to the other, sing? Can one really explain this? no. Just as one can never learn how to paint.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake?
artists	arts	observation	general	0	With classical ballet you are literally injuring yourself.
artists	society	observation	general	0	Women are put in a position of feeling embarrassed about their bodies. It's so ridiculous, but also astounding - we have to always be apologetic about having created the human race.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	Women are very intelligent and not appreciated. We try to pretend that we are not clever, and it's such a pity that we can't show how clever we are.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Women artists are still treated differently from men.
artists	society	observation	general	0	Women have become stronger, and there's a backlash. Men have become terribly possessive. I find it much easier to get on with women.
artists	society	wisdom	general	0	Women's art, political art - those categorisations perpetuate a certain kind of marginality which I'm resistant to. But I absolutely define myself as a feminist.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Words are power. And a book is full of words. Be careful what power you get from it. But know that you do.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Words are the tools of 'to be' - of expression. They are completely built on the fact that you 'are,' and in order to express it, you have built a little alphabet, and you make your words from it.
artists	arts	quip	general	0	Words such as truth, art, veracity, or anything are stupid in themselves.
artists	work-money	quip	general	0	Work is a necessity for man. Man invented the alarm clock.
artists	love	quip	general	0	You can be lonely when you have a guy living with you.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	You can be very wild and still be very wise.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	You can have no dominion greater or less than that over yourself.
artists	love	observation	general	0	You can't always be in awe of someone's talent, living with them.
artists	society	observation	general	0	You can't always measure the effects of activist work; you just have to wish and pray that the message gets through.
artists	life	dark	general	0	You can't choreograph death, but you can choreograph your funeral.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	You change the world by being yourself.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	You do ill if you praise, but worse if you censure, what you do not understand.
artists	work-money	wisdom	general	0	You get whatever accomplishment you are willing to declare.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	You have to approach something with indifference, as if you had no aesthetic emotion. The choice of readymades is always based on visual indifference and, at the same time, on the total absence of good or bad taste.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	You have to have an idea of what you are going to do, but it should be a vague idea.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	You know I very much respect Yvonne Rainer, she is very important - in American dance, the entire development of modern dance, and creating a wonderful physical language.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	You know, James Franco is one of the most interesting figures because he has no rules. He breaks all the borders.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	You know, art is very emotional business. But mostly it becomes not emotional, the fabric of commodity. It becomes business. It becomes so many different things. Because we forgot there was emotions involved.
artists	arts	observation	general	0	You know, one of the only times I ever wrote about art was the obituary of Warhol that I did for the Village Voice.
artists	life	uplifting	general	0	You know, something happened to me when I became 70. I started to feel a tremendous love for the human race, and life and this planet, the universe, the whole shebang.
artists	society	observation	general	0	You live in the city and all the time there are signs telling you what to do and billboards trying to sell you something.
artists	life	wisdom	general	0	You mustn't always believe what I say. Questions tempt you to tell lies, particularly when there is no answer.
artists	arts	wisdom	general	0	Your ego can become an obstacle to your work. If you start believing in your greatness, it is the death of your creativity.
artists	life	quip	general	0	Your private life is really very important for you. You know, all of us, you know.
artists	life	aphorism	general	0	Youth has no age.
