A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere.
A child of five would understand this. Send someone to fetch a child of five.
A hospital bed is a parked taxi with the meter running.
A man's only as old as the woman he feels.
A woman is an occasional pleasure but a cigar is always a smoke.
Age is not a particularly interesting subject. Anyone can get old. All you have to do is live long enough.
Alimony is like buying hay for a dead horse.
All people are born alike - except Republicans and Democrats.
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
Before I speak, I have something important to say.
Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife.
Either he's dead or my watch has stopped.
Either this man is dead or my watch has stopped.
From the moment I picked up your book until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down, I was convulsed with laughter. Someday I intend reading it.
Getting older is no problem. You just have to live long enough.
Go, and never darken my towels again.
Humor is reason gone mad.
I could dance with you until the cows come home. On second thought I'd rather dance with the cows until you come home.
I didn't like the play, but then I saw it under adverse conditions - the curtain was up.
I don't care to belong to a club that accepts people like me as members.
I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.
I have a mind to join a club and beat you over the head with it.
I have had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it.
I intend to live forever, or die trying.
I must confess, I was born at a very early age.
I must say I find television very educational. The minute somebody turns it on, I go to the library and read a good book.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception.
I read in the newspapers they are going to have 30 minutes of intellectual stuff on television every Monday from 7:30 to 8. to educate America. They couldn't educate America if they started at 6:30.
I refuse to join any club that would have me as a member.
I remember the first time I had sex - I kept the receipt.
I sent the club a wire stating, PLEASE ACCEPT MY RESIGNATION. I DON'T WANT TO BELONG TO ANY CLUB THAT WILL ACCEPT ME AS A MEMBER.
I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.
I wish to be cremated. One tenth of my ashes shall be given to my agent, as written in our contract.
I won't belong to any organization that would have me as a member.
I worked my way up from nothing to a state of extreme poverty.
I'm leaving because the weather is too good. I hate London when it's not raining.
I'm not feeling very well - I need a doctor immediately. Ring the nearest golf course.
I've got the brain of a four year old. I'll bet he was glad to be rid of it.
I've had a perfectly wonderful evening. But this wasn't it.
I, not events, have the power to make me happy or unhappy today. I can choose which it shall be. Yesterday is dead, tomorrow hasn't arrived yet. I have just one day, today, and I'm going to be happy in it.
If I held you any closer I would be on the other side of you.
If you've heard this story before, don't stop me, because I'd like to hear it again.
In Hollywood, brides keep the bouquets and throw away the groom.
It isn't necessary to have relatives in Kansas City in order to be unhappy.
Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him.
Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who wants to live in an institution?
Marry me and I'll never look at another horse!
Military intelligence is a contradiction in terms.
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
Money frees you from doing things you dislike. Since I dislike doing nearly everything, money is handy.
My favourite poem is the one that starts 'Thirty days hath September' because it actually tells you something.
My mother loved children - she would have given anything if I had been one.
Next time I see you, remind me not to talk to you.
No man goes before his time - unless the boss leaves early.
One morning I shot an elephant in my pajamas. How he got into my pajamas I'll never know.
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read.
Please accept my resignation. I don't care to belong to any club that will have me as a member.
Politics doesn't make strange bedfellows - marriage does.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.
Practically everybody in New York has half a mind to write a book, and does.
Quote me as saying I was mis-quoted.
Room service? Send up a larger room.
She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon.
The first thing which I can record concerning myself is, that I was born. These are wonderful words. This life, to which neither time nor eternity can bring diminution - this everlasting living soul, began. My mind loses itself in these depths.
The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
There's one way to find out if a man is honest - ask him. If he says, 'Yes,' you know he is a crook.
Those are my principles, and if you don't like them... well, I have others.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Well, Art is Art, isn't it? Still, on the other hand, water is water. And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew them like applesauce they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does. Now you tell me what you know.
Who are you going to believe, me or your own eyes?
Whoever named it necking was a poor judge of anatomy.
Why a four-year-old child could understand this report. Run out and find me a four-year-old child. I can't make head nor tail out of it.
Why should I care about posterity? What's posterity ever done for me?
Why, I'd horse-whip you if I had a horse.
Wives are people who feel they don't dance enough.
Women should be obscene and not heard.
A good way to keep a mob of peasants from killing your monster is when they break into your castle, make them be real quiet, then open a door and there's the monster, sound asleep.
A good way to threaten somebody is to light a stick of dynamite. Then you call the guy and hold the burning fuse up to the phone. "Hear that?" you say. "That's dynamite, baby."
A man doesn't automatically get my respect. He has to get down in the dirt and beg for it.
A quiz: If I am my brother's keeper, who am I? (Answer: me.)
After I die, wherever my spirit goes, I'm going to try to get back and visit my skeleton at least once a year, because, "Hey, old buddy, how's it going?"
Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus Flytrap. The flytrap can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition.
Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus's-flytrap. The flytrap can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition.
Any man, in the right situation, is capable of murder. But not any man is capable of being a good camper. So, murder and camping are not as similar as you might think.
Anybody who has an identity problem had better wise up and get with the program!
Anytime I see something screech across a room and latch onto someone's neck, and the guy screams and tries to get it off, I have to laugh, because what IS that thing?!
As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it that was very pleasurable - until I realized it wasn't a nectarine at all, but A HUMAN HEAD!!
As the evening sky faded from a salmon color to a sort of flint gray, I thought back to the salmon I caught that morning, and how gray he was, and how I named him Flint.
As the evening sun faded from a salmon color to a sort of flint gray, I thought back to the salmon I caught that morning, and how gray he was, and how I named him Flint.
As the light changed from red to green to yellow and back to red again, I sat there thinking about life. Was it nothing more than a bunch of honking and yelling? Sometimes it seemed that way.
As the sleek new sports car wound its way up the tortuous road, Henri tought back to the torture he had received ten minutes ago. "Ah, air conditioning", he thought as he aimed the vents toward the numerous whip marks on his legs, chest, and groinal area.
As the snow started to fall, he tugged his coat tighter around himself. Too tight, as it turned out. "This is the fourth coat crushing this year", said the sergeant as he outlined the body with a special pencil that writes on snow.
Basically, there are three ways the skunk and I are a lot alike. The first is, we both like to spread our "stink" around. The second is we both get hit by cars a lot. The third is stripes.
Better not take a dog on the space shuttle, because if he sticks his head out when you're coming home his face might burn up.
Blow ye winds, Like the trumpet blows; But without that noise.
Broken promises don't upset me. I just think, why did they believe me?
Can something be true and funny at the same time, like "Your head looks like a melon"? ~ Jack Handey
Can't the Marx Brothers be arrested and maybe even tortured for all the confusion and problems they've caused?
Carl would have to be fast to beat the stranger. Real fast. "Draw," said the stranger. Carl went for his gun, but then "Hey, where did all these angels come from?"
Children need encouragement. So if a kid gets an answer right, tell him it was a lucky guess. That way, he develops a good, lucky feeling.
Consider the daffodil. And while you're doing that, I'll be over here, looking through your stuff.
Contrary to popular belief, the most dangerous animal is not the lion or tiger or even the elephant. The most dangerous animal is a shark riding on an elephant, just trampling and eating everything they see.
Contrary to what most people say, the most dangerous animal in the world is not the lion or the tiger or even the elephant. It's a shark riding on an elephant's back, just trampling and eating everything they see.
Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis.
Did the Vikings have jokes, and, if so, were they surprisingly gentle? ~ Jack Handey
Do insects have a sense of humor, and does it involve stinging you? ~ Jack Handey
Do you know what happens when you slice a golf ball in half? Someone gets mad at you. I found this out the hard way.
Don't ever get your speedometer confused with your clock, like I did once, because the faster you go, the later you think you are.
During the Middle Ages, probably one of the biggest mistakes was not putting on your armor because you were "just going down to the corner."
Even though I was their captive, the Indians allowed me quite a bit of freedom. I could walk about freely, make my own meals, and even hurl large rocks at their heads. It was only later that I discovered they were not Indians at all, but dirty clothes hampers.
Even though he was an enemy of mine, I had to admit that what he had accomplished was a brilliant piece of strategy. First, he punched me, then he kicked me, then he punched me again.
For mad scientists who keep brains in jars, here's a tip: Why not add a slice of lemon to each jar, for freshness.
For there to be comedy, must there also be tragedy? For the comedy of someone heckling an actor, must there also be the tragedy of the person being escorted from the theatre? ~ Jack Handey
Frank knew that no man had ever crossed the desert on foot and lived to tell about it. So, he decided to get back in his car and keep driving.
Happiness is not a circus clown rolling around in a big tractor tire so that his arms and legs form "spokes." Happiness is when he stops.
Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95
Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Caution: Happy Fun Ball may suddenly accelerate to dangerous speeds.
Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Discontinue use of Happy Fun Ball if any of the following occurs: *Itching *Vertigo *Dizziness *Tingling in extremities *Loss of balance or coordination *Slurred speech *Temporary Blindness *Profuse sweating *Heart Palpitations
Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Do not taunt Happy Fun Ball.
Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Do not use Happy Fun Ball on concrete.
Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Failure to do so relieves the makers of Happy Fun Ball, Wacky Products Incorporated, and its parent company Global Chemical Unlimited, of any and all liability.
Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Happy Fun Ball Contains a liquid core, which, if exposed due to rupture, should not be touched, inhaled, or looked at.
Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Happy Fun Ball comes with a lifetime guarantee.
Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Happy Fun Ball has been shipped to our troops in Saudi Arabia and is also being dropped by our warplanes on Iraq.
Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Happy Fun Ball may stick to certain types of skin.
Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- If Happy Fun Ball begins to smoke, get away immediately. Seek shelter and cover head.
Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Warning: Pregnant women, the elderly and children under 10 should avoid prolonged exposure to Happy Fun Ball.
Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- When not in use, Happy Fun Ball should be returned to its special container and kept under refrigeration...
Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- ingredients of Happy Fun Ball include an unknown glowing substance which fell to Earth, presumably from outer space.
Happy Fun Ball ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTES! Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95
He was the kind of man who was not ashamed to show affection. I guess that's what I hated about him.
Here's a good gag if you go swimming in a swamp and when you come out you're all covered with leeches. Just say, "Hey, has anybody seen my raisins?" (Because leeches kind of look like big raisins.)
Here's a good joke to do during an earthquake: Straddle a big crack in the earth, and if it opens wider, go, "Whoa! Whoa!" and flail your arms around, as if you're going to fall in.
Here's a good joke to do during an earthquake: Straddle a big crack in the ground, and if it opens wider, go "Whoa! Whoa!" and flail your arms around, like you're going to fall in.
Here's a good tip for when you go to the beach: A sand dollar may look like a nice cracker that someone left, but trust me, they don't taste like it.
Here's a good trick: Get a job as a judge at the Olympics. Then, if some guy sets a world record, pretend that you didn't see it and go, "Okay, is everybody ready to start now?"
Here's a suggestion for a new animal, if some new ones get created or evolve: something that stings you, then laughs at you.
Higher beings from outer space may not want to tell us the secrets of life, because we're not ready. But maybe they'll change their tune after a little torture.
How come the dove gets to be the peace symbol? How about the pillow? It has more feathers than the dove, and it doesn't have that dangerous beak.
How come, just as the rocket is launching, the astronauts don't also shoot some fireworks out the window? It would make the whole takeoff look more impressive.
How long should you laugh at your boss's joke? A half hour or a full hour? ~ Jack Handey
I believe in making the world safe for our children, but not our children's children, because I don't think children should be having sex.
I bet a funny thing about driving a car off a cliff is, while you're in midair, you still hit those brakes! Hey, better try the emergency brake!
I bet if you were a mummy wrapper in ancient Egypt, on thing you would constantly find yourself telling people would be, "Be sure, before I start, you have all the jewelry and so forth on the body, because I am NOT unwrapping him later."
I bet it was pretty hard to pick up girls if you had the Black Death.
I bet it's hard to break farmers of the old superstitions like "Tornado got Old Yeller, stay in the cellar."
I bet one legend that keeps recurring throughout history, in every culture, is the story of Popeye.
I bet the main reason the police keep people away from a plane crash is they don't want anybody walking in and lying down in the crash stuff, then when somebody comes up act like they just woke up and go, "What was THAT?!"
I bet the sparrow looks at the parrot and thinks, yes, you can talk, but LISTEN TO YOURSELF!
I bet what happened was, they discovered fire and invented the wheel on the same day. Then, that night, they burned the wheel.
I bet when the neanderthal kids would make a snowman, someone would always end up saying, "Don't forget the thick, heavy brows." Then they would all get embarrassed because they remembered they had the big hunky brows too, and they'd get mad and eat the snowman.
I bet when they weren't fighting, Vikings with horn helmets had to stick potatoes on the ends of the horns, so as to avoid eye pokings to fellow Vikings and lady Vikings.
I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it.
I can see why it would be prohibited to throw most things off the top of the Empire State Building, but what's wrong with little bits of cheese? They probably break down into their various gases before they even hit.
I can't stand cheap people. It makes me real mad when someone says something like "Hey, when are you going to pay me that hundred dollars you owe me?" or "Do you have that fifty dollars you borrowed?" Man, quit being so cheap!
I don't pretend to have all the answers. I don't pretend to even know what the questions are. Hey, where am I?
I don't say that the bird is "good" or the bat is "bad." But I will say this: At least the bird is less nude.
I don't think God put me on this planet to judge others. I think he put me on this planet to gather specimens and take them back to my home planet.
I don't think I'm alone when I say I'd like to see more and more planets fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.
I don't think I'm ever more "aware" than I am right after I hit my thumb with a hammer.
I don't understand people who say life is a mystery, because what is it they want to know?
I guess of all my uncles, I liked Uncle Cave Man the best. We called him Uncle Cave Man because he lived in a cave and because sometimes he'd eat one of us. Later on we found out he was a bear.
I guess the hard thing for a lot of people to accept is why God would allow me to go running through their yards, yelling and spinning around.
I guess we were all guilty, in a way. We all shot him, we all skinned him, and we all got a complimentary bumper sticker that said, "I helped skin Bob."
I have to laugh when I think of the first cigar, because it was probably just a bunch of rolled-up tobacco leaves.
I hope if dogs ever take over the world, and they choose a king, they don't just go by size, because I bet there are some Chihuahuas with some good ideas.
I hope if dogs ever take over the world, and they chose a king, they don't just go by size, because I bet there are some Chihuahuas with some good ideas.
I hope in the future Americans are thought of as a warlike, vicious people, because I bet a lot of high schools would pick "Americans" as their mascot.
I hope life isn't a big joke, because I don't get it.
I hope some animal never bores a hole in my head and lays its eggs in my brain, because later you might think you're having a good idea but it's just eggs hatching.
I hope that after I die, people will say of me: ``That guy sure owed me a lot of money.''
I hope that someday we will be able to put away our fears and prejudices and just laugh at people.
I hope they never find out that lightning has a lot of vitamins in it, because do you hide from it or not?
I hope, when they die, cartoon characters have to answer for their sins.
I read that when the archaeologists dug down into the ancient cemetary, they found fragments of *human bones*! What kind of barbarians were these people, anyway?
I remember how, in college, I got that part-time job as a circus clown, and how the children would laugh and laugh at me. I vowed, then and there, that I would get revenge.
I remember one day I was at Grandpa's farm and I asked him about sex. He sort of smiled and said, "Maybe instead of telling you what sex is, why don't we go out to the horse pasture and I'll show you." So we did, and there on the ground were my parents having sex.
I think Superman and Santa Claus are actually the same guy, and I'll tell you why: Both fly, both wear red, and both have a beard.
I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him.
I think a good movie would be about a guy who's a brain scientist, but he gets hit on the head and it damages the part of the brain that makes you want to study the brain.
I think a new, different kind of bowling should be "carpet bowling." It's just like regular bowling, only the lanes are carpet instead of wood. I don't know why we should do this, but my God, we've got to try something!
I think college administrators should encourage students to urinate on walls and bushes, because then when students from another college come sniffing around, they'll know this is someone else's territory.
I think in one of my previous lives I was a mighty king, because I like people to do what I say.
I think it's high time we started questioning the old cliches like "Grunt big for Daddy."
I think my favorite monster movie is "Gone With the Wind", because it has that ear monster and that big-dress monster.
I think my new thing will be to try to be a real happy guy. I'll just walk around being real happy until some jerk says something stupid to me.
I think one reason I could be a good playboy is I would be willing to spend the time required to really fix up my "pad".
I think one way police departments could make some money would be to hold a yard sale of murder weapons. Many people, for example, could probably use a cheap ice pick.
I think somebody should come up with a way to breed a very large shrimp. That way, you could ride him, then after you camped at night, you could eat him. How about it, science?
I think someone should have had the decency to tell me the luncheon was free. To make someone run out with potato salad in his hand, pretending he's throwing up, is not what I call hospitality.
I think someone should have had the decency to tell me the luncheon was free. To make someone run out with potato salad in his hand, pretending that he's throwing up, is not what I call hospitality.
I think that a hat which has a little cannon that fires and then goes back inside the hat is at least a decade away.
I think the mistake a lot of us make is thinking the state-appointed psychiatrist is our "friend."
I think the monkeys at the zoo should have to wear sunglasses so they can't hypnotize you.
I think there probably should be a rule that if you're talking about how many loaves of bread a bullet will go through, it's understood that you mean lengthwise loaves. Otherwise, it makes no sense.
I think they should continue the policy of not giving a Nobel Prize for paneling.
I think when you go on trial they should have a parrot there that says guilty or not guilty for you, as a sort of courtesy.
I wish I could shrink down to the size of an ant. And maybe there would be thousands of other people shrunken down to ant-size, and we would get together and dig tunnels down into the ground and live there. But don't ever call us "ants," because we hate that.
I wish I had a Kryptonite cross, because then you could keep both Dracula AND Superman away.
I wish I had a dollar for every time I spent a dollar, because then, yahoo!, I'd have all my money back.
I wish I would have a real tragic love affair and get so bummed out that I'd just quit my job and become a bum for a few years, because I was thinking about doing that anyway.
I wish a robot would get elected President. That way, when he came to town, we could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad.
I wish everybody would have to have an electric thing implanted in our heads that gave us a shock whenever we did something to disobey the president. Then somehow I get myself elected president.
I wish my name was Todd, because then I could say, "Yes, my name's Todd. Todd Blankenship." Oh, also I wish my last name was Blankenship.
I wish outer-space guys would conquer Earth and make people their pets, because I'd like to have one of those little basket-beds with my name on it.
I wish scientists would come up with a way to make dogs a lot bigger, but with a smaller head. That way, they'd still be good as watchdogs, but they wouldn't eat so much.
I wish scientists would come up with an ear of corn that was big and round, because then when you were eating it, it'd be fun to make chew marks in the shape of continents.
I wish there was a disease where you're afraid of clouds, because I think I could cure it. First, you sit the patient down and have a long personal talk. After that, I'm not sure, but maybe you could throw some water in his face or something.
I wonder if Dracula ever has ticks.
I wonder if angels believe in ghosts.
I wonder if the polite thing to do is always the right thing to do. When I met the family from Japan, they all bowed. I pretended like I was going to bow, but then I just kept going and flipped over on my back. I did this five times. I think they got the point.
I'd like to be buried Indian-style, where they put you up on a high rack, above the ground. That way, you could get hit by meteorites and not even feel it.
I'd like to see a nature film where an eagle swoops down and pulls a fish out of a lake, and then maybe he's flying along, low to the ground, and the fish pulls a worm out of the ground. Now that's a documentary!
I'd rather be rich than stupid.
I'm just guessing, but probably one of the early signs that your radarscope is wearing out is something I call "image fuzz-out." But I've never even seen a radarscope, so I wouldn't totally go by what I've just said here.
I'm telling you, just attach a big parachute TO THE PLANE ITSELF! Is anyone listening to me?!
If Alien was my friend, I'd like to be with him when he went to the dentist. When they started drilling, he'd probably go nuts and start eating everybody. That Alien!
If God dwells inside us, like some people say, I sure hope He likes enchiladas, because that's what He's getting!
If I come back as a horsefly, I think my favorite thing would be to land on someone's lip. Even if they smash you, ick!, you're all over their lip!
If I come back as an animal in my next lifetime, I hope it's some type of parasite, because this is the part where I take it EASY!
If I could be a bird, I think I'd be a penguin, because then I could walk around on two feet with a lot of other guys like me.
If I ever become a mummy, I'm going to have it so when somebody opens my lid, a boxing glove on a spring shoots out.
If I ever do a book on the Amazon, I hope I am able to bring a certain lightheartedness to the subject, in a way that tell the reader we are going to have fun with this thing.
If I ever get real rich, I hope I'm not real mean to poor people, like I am now.
If I had a nickname, I think I would want it to be "Prince of Weasels", because then I could go up and bite people and they would turn around and go, "What the-?" And then they would recognize me, and go, "Oh, it's you, the Prince of Weasels."
If I had the time to sit down and write a thank-you note to everyone who sent me a nice, expensive present, what a wonderful world that would be!
If I was a cowboy in a lynch mob, I think I'd try to stay near the back. That way, if somebody shamed us into disbanding, I could sort of slip off to the side and pretend I was window-shopping or something.
If I was a father in a waiting room, and the nurse came out and said, "Congratulations, it's a girl," I think a good gag would be to get real mad and yell, "A girl!? You must have me mixed up with THAT dork!" and point to another father.
If I was being executed by injection, I'd clean up my cell real neat. Then, when they came to get me, I'd say, "Injection? I thought you said `inspection'." They'd probably feel real bad, and maybe I could get out of it.
If I was the head of a country that lost a war, and I had to sign a peace treaty, just as I was signing I'd glance over the treaty and then suddenly act surprised. "Wait a minute! I thought WE won!"
If a busload of circus clowns is travelling through Mexico, is there any chance they will survive? ~ Jack Handey
If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is "Probably because of something you did."
If a man finds a message in a bottle, is it funnier if instead of a message it contains a tiny little banana peel? ~ Jack Handey
If a tree falls in the forest, on top of an old man with a walking stick, does he make a sound? ~ Jack Handey
If any man says he hates war more than I do, he better have a knife, that's all I have to say.
If doctors ever tell you that you've "flipped out," don't believe them, and just keep on doing what you were doing, because something tells me "the Man" is behind this.
If life deals you lemons, why not go kill someone with the lemons (maybe by shoving them down his throat)?
If the Vikings were around today, they would probably be amazed at how much glow-in-the-dark stuff we have, and how we take so much of it for granted.
If the captain invited me to his party, after he had whipped me earlier in the day, up on deck, I guess I'd go, but I'd try to find some excuse to leave early.
If there was a big gardening convention, and you got up and gave a speech in favor of fast-motion gardening, I bet you would get booed right off the stage. They're just not ready.
If there's ever an amusement park called Bag World, I bet it would really start to annoy you after a while how they really sort of stretch the definition of "bag."
If they ever come up with a swashbuckling School, I think one of the courses should be Laughing, Then Jumping Off Something.
If they have moving sidewalks in the future, when you get on them, I think you should have to assume sort of a walking shape so as not to frighten the dogs.
If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason.
If you define cowardice as running away at the first sign of danger, screaming and tripping and begging for mercy, then yes, Mister Brave Man, I guess I am a coward.
If you define cowardice as running away at the first sign of danger, screaming and tripping and begging for mercy, then yes, Mr. Brave man, I guess I'm a coward.
If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid seeing yourself in the mirror, because I bet that's what REALLY throws you into a panic.
If you ever crawl inside an old hollow log and go to sleep, and while you're in there some guys come and seal up both ends and then put it on a truck and take it to another city, boy, I don't know what to tell you.
If you ever discover that what you're seeing is a play within a play, just slow down, take a deep breath, and hold on for the ride of your life.
If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let 'em go, because, man, they're gone.
If you ever fall off the Sears Tower, just go real limp, because maybe you'll look like a dummy and people will try to catch you because, hey, free dummy.
If you ever feel like you're on the verge of a nervous breakdown, just follow these simple rules: First, calm down; second, come over and wash my car; third, shine all my shoes. There, isn't that better?
If you ever go temporarily insane, don't shoot somebody, like a lot of people do. Instead, try to get some weeding done, because you'd really be surprised.
If you ever have to steal money from your kid, and later on he discovers it's gone, I think a good thing to do is to blame it on Santa Claus.
If you ever reach total enlightenment while you're drinking a beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose.
If you ever teach a yodeling class, probably the hardest thing is to keep the students from just trying to yodel right off. You see, we BUILD to that.
If you get invited to your first orgy, don't just show up nude. That's a common mistake. You have to let nudity "happen."
If you go flying back through time, and you see somebody else flying forward into the future, it's probably best to avoid eye contact.
If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and you friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were swimming.
If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were swimming.
If you go through a lot of hammers each month, I don't think it necessarily means you're a hard worker. It may just mean that you have a lot to learn about proper hammer maintenance.
If you go to a costume party at your boss's house, wouldn't you think a good costume would be to dress up like the boss's wife? Trust me, it's not.
If you had a school for professional fireworks people, I don't think you could cover fuses in just one class. It's just too rich a subject.
If you had to list the different types of haircuts in order of how warm they kept the head, you'd probably put the flat-top down near the bottom. But you know, I bet it's surprisingly warm.
If you lived in the Dark Ages, and you were a catapult operator, I bet the most common question people would ask is, "Can't you make it shoot farther?" No. I'm sorry. That's as far as it shoots.
If you make ships in a bottle, I bet the thing that really makes your heart sink is when you look in, and there at the wheel is Captain Termite.
If you saw two guys named Hambone and Flippy, which one would you think liked dolphins the most? I'd say Flippy, wouldn't you? You'd be wrong though. It's Hambone.
If you see an animal and you can't tell if it's a skunk or a cat, here's a good saying to help: "Black-and-white, stinks all right. Tabby-colored, likes a fella."
If you think a weakness can be turned into a strength, I hate to tell you this, but that's another weakness.
If you want to be the most popular person in your class, whenever the professor pauses in his lecture, just let out a big snort and say "How do you figger that!" real loud. Then lean back and sort of smirk.
If you want to sue somebody, just get a little plastic skeleton and lay it in their yard. Then tell them their ants ate your baby.
If you wear a toupee, why not let your friends try it on for a while? Come on, we're not going to hurt it.
If you were a gladiator in olden days, I bet the inefficiency of how the gladiator fights were organized and scheduled would just drive you up a wall.
If you were a pirate, you know what would be the one thing that would really make you mad? Treasure chests with no handles. How the hell are you supposed to carry it?!
If you were a poor Indian with no weapons, and a bunch of conquistadores came up to you and asked where the gold was, I don't think it would be a good idea to say, "I swallowed it. So sue me."
If you were a poor Indian with no weapons, and a bunch of conquistadors came up to you and asked where the gold was, I don't think it would be a good idea to say, "I swallowed it. So sue me."
If you were an ancient barbarian, I bet a real embarrassing thing would be if you were sacking Rome and your cape got caught on something and you couldn't get it unhooked, and you had to ask another barbarian to unhook it for you.
If you work on a lobster boat, sneaking up behind people and pinching them is probably a joke that gets old real fast.
If you work on a lobster boat, sneaking up behind someone and pinching him is probably a joke that gets old real fast.
If you're a blacksmith, probably the proudest day of your life is when you get your first anvil. How innocent you are, little blacksmith.
If you're a boxing referee, it's probably illegal to wear a bow tie that spins or changes colors.
If you're a circus clown, and you have a dog that you use in your act, I don't think it's a good idea to also dress the dog up like a clown, because people see that and they think, "Forgive me, but that's just too much."
If you're a cowboy, and you're dragging a guy behind your horse, I bet it would really make you mad if you looked back and the guy was reading a magazine.
If you're a horse, and someone gets on you, and falls off, and then gets right back on you, I think you should buck him off right away.
If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's real embarrassing if someone tries to kill you.
If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's really embarrassing if someone tries to kill you.
If you're an ant, and you're walking along across the top of a cup of pudding, you probably have no idea that the only thing between you and disaster is the strength of that pudding skin.
If you're an archaeologist, I bet it's real embarrassing to put together a skull from a bunch of ancient bone fragments, but then it turns out it's not a skull but just an old dried-out potato.
If you're ever selling your house, and some people come by, and a big rat comes out and he's dragging the rattrap because it didn't quite kill him, just tell the people he's your pet and that's a trick you taught him.
If you're ever shipwrecked on a tropical island and you don't know how to speak the natives' language, just say "Poppy-oomy." I bet it means something.
If you're ever stuck in some thick undergrowth in your underwear, don't stop and start thinking of what other words have "under" in them, because that's probably the first sign of jungle madness.
If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been.
If you're in a war, instead of throwing a hand grenade at some guys, throw one of those little baby-type pumpkins. Maybe it'll make everyone think of how crazy war is, and while they're thinking, you can throw a real grenade.
If you're pretty happy, but you have a little Chihuahua that's always biting you on the ankles, still that's pretty good isn't it? I'm going to go ahead and keep you in the "happy" category.
If you're robbing a bank, and your pants suddenly fall down, I think it's okay to laugh, and to let the hostages laugh too, because come on, life is funny.
If you're traveling in a time machine, and you're eating corn on the cob, I don't think it's going to affect things one way or the other. But here's the point I'm trying to make: Corn on the cob is good, isn't it.
If you're trying to remember a happy memory, don't think back to a time when you were ALSO thinking of a happy memory, because man, how long does this go on?!
If your friend is already dead, and being eaten by vultures, I think it's okay to feed some bits of your friend to one of the vultures, to teach him to do some tricks. But ONLY if you're serious about adopting the vulture.
If your friend is struck by lightning and he seems to be all right, but his hair is smoking, is it O.K. to laugh? ~ Jack Handey
If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you.
In some places it's known as a tornado. In others, a cyclone. And in still others, the Idiot's Merry-go-round. But around here they'll always be known as screw-boys.
In weightlifting, I don't think sudden, uncontrolled urination should automatically disqualify you.
Instead of a Seeing Eye dog, what about a gun? It's cheaper than a dog, plus if you walk around shooting all the time people are going to get out of the way. Cars, too!
Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window.
Instead of burning a guy at the stake, what about burning him at the STILTS? It probably lasts longer, plus it moves around.
Instead of having "answers" on a math test, they should just call them "impressions," and if you got a different "impression," so what, can't we all be brothers?
Instead of putting a quarter under a kid's pillow, how about a pinecone? That way, he learns that "wishing" isn't going to save our national forests.
Instead of studying for finals, what about just going to the Bahamas and catching some rays? Maybe you'll flunk, but you might have flunked anyway; that's my point.
Instead of trying to build newer and bigger weapons of destruction, mankind should be thinking about getting more use out of the weapons we already have.
Is pointing and laughing something we do naturally, or do we have to learn it? Likewise, can someone without a sense of humor be taught to have one, or must it be beaten into him? ~ Jack Handey
Is there a story that would best illustrate what humor is, and, if so, what would that story be? ~ Jack Handey
Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk.
Is there humor on other planets, and is it so advanced that it makes our fart jokes look crude and primitive? ~ Jack Handey
Isn't it funny how one minute life can be such a struggle, and the next minute you're just driving real fast, swerving back and forth across the road?
Isn't it funny how we'll look out the window at the moon, and then we notice it's not the moon but a streetlight? Also what's funny is how we do this every night.
It makes me mad when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at Marineland says, "You can't throw that chicken to the dolphins. They eat fish." Sure they eat fish, if that's all you give them! Man, wise up.
It makes me mad when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at the Marineland says, "You can't throw chicken to the dolphins. They eat fish." Sure they eat fish, if that's all you give them. Man, wise up.
It makes me mad when people say I turned and ran like a scared rabbit. Maybe it was like an angry rabbit, who was going to fight in another fight, away from the first fight.
It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man.
It's easy to sit and scoff at an old man's folly. But also, check out his Adam's apple!
It's easy to sit there and say you'd like to have more money. And I guess that's what I like about it. It's easy. Just sitting there, rocking back and forth, wanting that money.
It's fascinating to think that all around us there's an invisible world we can't even see. I'm speaking, of course, of the World of the Invisible Scary Skeletons.
It's funny that pirates were always going around searching for treasure, and they never realized that the real treasure was the fond memories they were creating.
It's interesting to think that my ancestors used to live in the trees, like apes, until finally they got the nerve to head out onto the plains, where some were probably hit by cars.
It's not good to let any kid near a container that has a skull and crossbones on it, because there might be a skeleton costume inside and the kid could put it on and really scare you.
It's probably not a good idea to be chewing on a toothpick if you're talking to the president, because what if he tells a funny joke and you laugh so hard you spit the toothpick out and it hits him in the face or something.
It's too bad that whole families have to be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs.
It's true that every time you hear a bell, an angel gets his wings. But what they don't tell you is, every time you hear a mousetrap snap, an angel gets set on fire.
Just as bees will swarm about to protect their nest, so will I "swarm about" to protect my nest of chocolate eggs.
Just as irrigation is the lifeblood of the Southwest, lifeblood is the soup of cannibals.
Just because swans mate for life, I don't think it's that big of a deal. First of all, if you're a swan, you're probably not going to find a swan that looks that much better than the one you've got, so why not mate for life?
Laugh, clown, laugh. This is what I tell myself whenever I dress up like Bozo.
Laurie got offended that I used the word "puke." But to me, that's what her dinner tasted like.
Let's be honest: Isn't a lot of what we call tap dancing really just nerves?
Like jewels in a crown, the precious stones glittered in the queen's round metal hat.
Love can sweep you off your feet and carry you along in a way you've never known before. But the ride always ends, and you end up feeling lonely and bitter. Wait. It's not love I'm describing. I'm thinking of a monorail.
Love is not something that you can put chains on and throw into a lake. That's called Houdini. Love is liking someone a lot.
Many people never stop to realize that a tree is a living thing, not that different from a tall, leafy dog that has roots and is very quiet.
Marta said I don't seem to like to read fiction very much. "I guess you're not an `afictionado'," she said. Poor Marta. For all her reading, she doesn't even know the right word.
Marta says the interesting thing about fly-fishing is that it's two lives connected by a thin strand. Come on, Marta. Grow up.
Marta was watching the football game with me when she said, "You know, most of these sports are based on the idea of one group protecting its territory from invasion by another group." "Yeah," I said, trying not to laugh. Girls are funny.
Maybe in order to understand mankind, we have to look at the word itself. Mankind. Basically, it's made up of two separate words---"mank" and "ind". What do these words mean? It's a mystery, and that's why so is mankind.
Most of the time it was probably real bad being stuck down in a dungeon. But some days, when there was a bad storm outside, you'd look out your little window and think, ``Boy, I'm glad I'm not out in THAT.''
Most people don't realize that large pieces of coral, which have been painted brown and attached to the skull by common wood screws, can make a child look like a deer.
My new millionaire idea is one regular shoe and one "swollen" shoe, for when you get bit by a rattlesnake.
Of all the warning sounds that animals make, I think the one that's the least effective on me is a kind of clicking noise.
One question that's never been answered to my satisfaction by the "Playboy Advisor" is "What kind of stereo system works best in hell?"
One thing a computer can do that most humans can't is be sealed up in a cardboard box and sit in a warehouse.
One thing about my Aunt Nadie: She was gruff on the outside, but if you ever needed something, like a spanking or a scolding, she'd give it to you.
One thing that makes me believe in UFOs is, sometimes I lose stuff.
One thing vampire children have to be taught early on is, don't run with a wooden stake.
People just naturally assume that dogs would be incapable of working together on some sort of construction project. But what about just a big field full of holes?
People laugh when I say that I think a jellyfish is one of the most beautiful things in the world. What they don't understand is, I mean a jellyfish with long, blond hair.
People think it would be fun to be a bird because you could fly. But they forget the negative side, which is the preening.
Probably the earliest flyswatters were nothing more than some sort of striking surface attached to the end of a long stick.
Probably to a shark, about the funniest thing there is is a wounded seal, trying to swim to shore, because WHERE DOES HE THINK HE'S GOING?!
Shouldn't a person who tells a joke in a bar and gets no laughs be entitled to a free beer? ~ Jack Handey
Some folks say it was a miracle. Saint Francis suddenly appeared and knocked the next pitch clean over the fence. But I think it was just a lucky swing.
Some folks say it was a miracle. St. Francis suddenly appeared and knocked the next pitch clean over the fence. Other folks say it was just a lucky swing.
Somebody told me it was frightening how much topsoil we are losing each year, but I told that story around the campfire and nobody got scared.
Something tells me that the first mousetrap wasn't designed to catch mice at all, but to protect little cheese "gems" from burglars.
Sometimes I think I'd be better off dead. No, wait. Not me, you.
Sometimes I think the so-called experts actually ARE experts.
Sometimes I think the world has gone completely mad. And then I think, "Aw, who cares?" And then I think, "Hey, what's for supper?"
Sometimes I think you have to march right in and demand your rights, even if you don't know what your rights are, or who the person is you're talking to. Then, on the way out, slam the door.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm patriotic enough. Yes, I want to kill people, but on both sides.
Sometimes life seems like a dream, especially when I look down and see that I forgot to put on my pants.
Sometimes the beauty of the world is so overwhelming, I just want to throw back my head and gargle. Just gargle and gargle, and I don't care who hears me, because I am beautiful.
The crows seemed to be calling his name, thought Caw.
The difference between a man and a boy is, a boy wants to grow up to be a fireman, but a man wants to grow up to be a giant monster fireman.
The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of the face.
The first thing was, I learned to forgive myself. Then, I told myself, "Go ahead and do whatever you want, it's okay by me."
The land that had nourished him and had borne him fruit now turned against him and called him a fruit. Man, I hate land like that.
The old pool shooter had won many a game in his life. But now it was time to hang up the cue. When he did, all the other cues came crashing to the floor. "Sorry," he said with a smile.
The other day I got out my can opener and was opening a can of worms when I thought, "What am I doing?!"
The sound of fresh rain run-off splashing from the roof reminded me of the sound of urine splashing into a filthy Texaco latrine.
The tiger can't change his spots. No, wait, he did! Good for him!
The tired and thirsty prospector threw himself down at the edge of the watering hole and started to drink. But then he looked around and saw skulls and bones everywhere. "Uh-oh," he thought. "This watering hole is reserved for skeletons."
The wise man can pick up a grain of sand and envision a whole universe. But the stupid man will just lie down on some seaweed and roll around until he's completely draped in it. Then he'll stand up and go, "Hey, I'm Vine Man."
There should be a detective show called "Johnny Monkey," because every week you could have a guy say "I ain't gonna get caught by no MONKEY," but then he would, and I don't think I'd ever get tired of that.
To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there's no music, no choreography, and the dancers hit each other.
To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kind of scary. I've wondered where this started and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus, and a clown killed my dad.
To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad.
To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, "Hey, can you give me a hand?," you can say, "Sorry, got these sacks."
To me, there's no better symbol for the world than a grasshopper lying dead on a gravel road, and maybe there's a globe lying next to him.
To me, truth is not some vague, foggy notion. Truth is real. And, at the same time, unreal. Fiction and fact and everything in between, plus some things I can't remember, all rolled into one big "thing." This is truth, to me.
To us, it might look like just a rag. But to the brave, embattled men of the fort, it was more than that. It was a flag of surrender. And after that, it was torn up and used for shoe-shine rags, so the men would look nice for the surrender.
Too bad Lassie didn't know how to ice skate, because then if she was in Holland on vacation in winter and someone said "Lassie, go skate for help," she could do it.
Too bad there's not such a thing as a GOLDEN skunk, because you'd probably be PROUD to be sprayed by one.
Too bad you can't buy a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin real fast and freak everybody out.
Too bad you can't just grab a tree by the very tip-top and bend it clear over the ground and then let her fly, because I bet you'd be amazed at all the stuff that comes flying out.
We like to praise birds for flying. But how much of it is actually flying, and how much of it is just sort of coasting from the previous flap?
We tend to scoff at the beliefs of the ancients. But we can't scoff at them personally, to their faces, and this is what annoys me.
What am I afraid of? I'll tell you: a feather. that's right, a feather. How could anyone be afraid of a feather, you say. That's an honest question, and I'll try to give it an honest answer. First of all, did I say it was a poison feather?
What is funnier: a dad trying to get his kid's kite up in the air but getting it caught in a tree, or the dad trying to get the kite down with a rake and accidentally tearing it to pieces? ~ Jack Handey
What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid gold baby? Maybe we'll never know.
When I found the skull in the woods, the first thing I did was call the police. But then I got curious about it. I picked it up, and started wondering who this person was, and why he had deer horns.
When I heard that trees grow a new "ring" for each year they live, I thought, we humans are kind of like that: we grow a new layer of skin each year, and after many years we are thick and unwieldy from all of our skin layers.
When I think back on all the blessings I have been given in my life, I can't think of a single one, unless you count that rattlesnake that granted me all those wishes.
When I was a child, there were times when we had to entertain ourselves. And usually the best way to do that was to turn on the TV.
When I was a kid my favorite relative was Uncle Caveman. After school we'd all go play in his cave, and every once in a while he would eat one of us. It wasn't until later that I found out that Uncle Caveman was a bear.
When Rick told me he was having trouble with his wife, I had to laugh. Not because of what he said, but because of a joke I thought of. I told him the joke, but he didn't laugh very much. Some friend HE is.
When the age of the Vikings came to a close, they must have sensed it. Probably, they gathered together one evening, slapped each other on the back and said, "Hey, good job."
When this girl at the art museum asked me whom I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, "I like mayonnaise." She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me.
When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, "I like mayonnaise." She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me.
When you die, if you get a choice between going to regular heaven or pie heaven, choose pie heaven. It might be a trick, but if it's not, ummmm, boy.
When you die, if you go somewhere where they ask you a bunch of questions about your life and what you learned and all, I think a good way to get out of it is just to say, "No speaka English."
When you first start wearing a turban, probably the most common mistake is wrapping it too tight. You have to allow the head to breathe.
When you go for a job interview, I think a good thing to ask is if they ever press charges.
When you go ice-skating, try not to swing your arms too much, because that really annoys me.
When you go in for a job interview, I think a good thing to ask is if they ever press charges.
When you go to a party at somebody's house, don't automatically assume that the drinks are free. Ask, and ask often.
When you see someone sinking in quicksand, is it funnier if you know the person? ~ Jack Handey
When you're going up the stairs and you take a step, kick the other leg up high behind you to keep people from following too close.
When you're riding in a time machine way far into the future, don't stick your elbow out the window, or it'll turn into a fossil.
Whenever I hear the sparrow chirping, watch the woodpecker chirp, catch a chirping trout, or listen to the sad howl of the chirp rat, I think: Oh boy! I'm going insane again.
Whenever I need to ``get away,'' I just get away in my mind. I go to my imaginary spot, where the beach is perfect and the water is perfect and the weather is perfect. The only bad thing there are the flies. They're terrible!
Whenever I open a door, I pull on the doorknob real hard, because isn't there a saying that if it comes off in your hand, you can rear back and throw it as hard as you can? I thought I heard that somewhere.
Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.
Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what is I was an ant, and she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.
Whenever anyone says "I can't," it makes me wish he'd get stung to death by about ten thousand bees. When he says "I'll try," five thousand bees. ("I can," one bee.)
Whenever someone asks me to define love, I usually think for a minute, then I spin around and pin the guy's arm behind his back. NOW who's asking the questions?
Whenever you read a good book, it's like the author is right there, in the room, talking to you, which is why I don't like to read good books.
Whether they ever find life there or not, I think Jupiter should be considered an enemy planet.
Whether they live in an igloo or a grass shack or a mud hut, people around the world all want the same thing: a better house!
Why do people in ship mutinies always ask for "better treatment"? I'd ask for a pinball machine, because with all that rocking back and forth you'd probably be able to get a lot of free games.
Why do the caterpillar and the ant have to be enemies? One eats leaves, and the other eats caterpillars. Oh, I see now.
Why do there have to be rules for everything? It's gotten to the point that rules dominate just about every aspect of our lives. In fact, it might be said that rules have become the foot-long sticks of mankind.
Why does Marta still laugh when I put on my T-shirt backward, even though I've done it hundreds of times? ~ Jack Handey
Why is a funny cowboy dance hysterical but a funny sailor dance confusing? ~ Jack Handey
Why is a man slipping on a banana peel funny, but not as funny as a man choking on a banana peel? ~ Jack Handey
Why is it boring when your friend Don tells you about his wife leaving him but you laugh when you find out that she left him for another man named Don? ~ Jack Handey
Why is it that we will laugh at a man in a clown outfit, but we won't laugh at a man just walking down the street carrying a clown outfit in one of those plastic dry-cleaner bags?
Worship the potato? The idea seemed silly to me. But then I thought, what else is more deserving of worship? It's simple, it comes from the earth, and it can kill you if you disobey it.
You can kidnap me and force me to be your watchdog if you want to. But I'm telling you, I will bark at any sound I hear and it will drive you crazy.
You can't tell me that cowboys, when they're branding cattle, don't sort of "accidentally" brand each other every once in a while. It's their way of letting off stress.
You know how to paint a room real fast? Just put paint rollers on your feet and somehow figure out how to skate up the walls and across the ceiling.
You know one thing that will really make a woman mad? Just run up and kick her in the butt. (P.S. This also works with men.)
You know something that would really make me applaud? A guy gets stuck in quicksand, then sinks, then suddenly comes shooting out, riding on water skis! How do they do that?!
You know what makes good hair for a snow man? REAL hair. Don't ask me why, but it works.
You know what would be the most terrifying thing that could ever happen to a flea? Getting caught inside a watch somehow. You don't even care, do you.
You know what would make a good story? Something about a clown who make people happy, but inside he's real sad. Also, he has severe diarrhea.
You know what would make a good story? Something about a clown who makes people happy, but inside he's real sad. Also, he has severe diarrhea.
You know what's probably a good thing to hang on your porch in the summertime, to keep mosquitoes away from you and your guests? Just a big bag of blood.
"Vegetarian" is an old Indian word meaning "I don't hunt so good."
**Quantity** we've got - - it's when I mention the word QUALITY that the room gets awfully quiet!
All it takes is a little imagination, some mechanical ability, and neighbors who mind their own business.
And men, remember, if the women don't find you handsome, they should at least find you handy.
And the best part is, Junior doesn't need a license to fly it. Apparently, it qualifies as a 'manned kite'. Or a 'manned lightning rod'; we'll see.
And to the rest of you, thanks for watching. On behalf of myself and Harold and the whole gang up here at Possum Lodge... keep your stick on the ice.
And to think we made this out of old rear ends. Actually, you can tell.
As you get older, you realize you can't always get what you want, but if you try sometimes, you can get yet another financial setback.
Be generous with the duct tape, you know; spare the duct tape, spoil the job.
Be the best you can be... considering.
Big, big week up at the lodge this week.
But Uncle Red, you cannot make a fine quality lager using Kool-Aid technology!
Buzz Sherwood: How old are you, Red? Red Green: 47. Harold Green: You're 56! Red Green: I'm 52. Harold Green: Gotcha! [Pumps his arms in victory] Oh, oh, oh! Yeah!
Canada - - vast... beautiful... unspoiled... [sounds of tires screeching, and the Possum Van abruptly appears and races by in front of the camera, shattering the scene's peaceful tranquility] UNTIL the Red Green Show!
Dalton Humphrey: Hail, Caesar! Red Green: What the HAIL are you doing, Dalton?
Dalton Humphrey: How deep is the deepest part of the ocean? Mike? Mike Hamar: Uh, twelve thousand miles. Dalton Humphrey: You're high. Mike Hamar: No, I'm just nervous.
Dalton Humphrey: It's very dangerous to handle something if you don't know where it's been! Red Green: Oh, really? Is that why Anne-Marie never holds your hand?
Dalton Humphrey: Red, I need to talk to you. Red Green: What explosion? I didn't hear anything.
Dalton Humphrey: [eagerly] Come on over here and let me show you how the internet works, Red! Red Green: [in a tone of weary disinterest] Yeah, yeah, I already know - - dubya-dubya-dubya-dot-sit-on-your-BUTT-for-twelve-hours-a-day-dot-com!
Dalton Humphrey: [hearing the squeal of the possum, just moments after having accidentally blown up Red's computer by screwing a plum into the fusebox] Meeting time. Red Green: Yeah, you go ahead, Mr. Gates - - I'll be down in a minute.
Dalton Humphries: Never say to a woman that anything she does is silly. Red Green: Otherwise, she might mention that spice rack you built her. Dalton Humphries: Or that new fishing hat. Red Green: Or that silly lodge you joined.
Dalton Humphries: Well, your dad taught you about the birds and the bees, didn't he? Red Green: No, he just gave me a book by Mickey Spillane called "Kiss Me Deadly" and he said this is what married people do. I thought he meant shoot each other and have car chases.
Dalton Humphries: What about you, Red? Is there anything you can do to set a world record? Red Green: Well, I could, but that's kind of between Bernice and I. I'm pretty sure they don't have that category. Winston Rothschild: [looking at the book] Oh, no, snoring is in here.
Dalton Humphries: Why don't you just call a tow truck? Red Green: A tow truck? That's a hundred bucks, Dalton. I can replace the van for 75.
Dalton Humphries: [showing Red a bouquet of flowers for show's return] I went to a lot of trouble to get these. Cemetery gates were locked when I got there.
Does he speak Latin or did he just have his teeth out?
Don't adjust your set... the show's supposed to look like this.
Don't you just hate it when you come home from a hard day at the track and your wife hasn't shoveled the driveway? Next thing you know, not only is your car in the garage, but so is the door.
Eating meat is like having kids - the less you know about it, the more likely you are to go ahead.
Ever notice that fast-burning fuse looks exactly the same as slow-burning fuse? I didn't...
Every mall has three things the same: clothes, stores and benches for the husbands to sit on.
Garth Harble here, animal control, reminding you that wild animals can smell fear. Of course, if it smells bad enough, why, they won't eat you. Hey, I'm alive.
Hap Shaughnessy: I don't want to brag, but no less an actor than Charlton Heston told me that I could really act. Red Green: Well, he said that with a straight face, so I'm convinced.
Hap Shaughnessy: It's too bad. I can see me wrestling the great white shark, or riding the great white whale. Red Green: Or telling the great white lie.
Hap Shaughnessy: My spirit was floating above the ground, and my body was lying flat on the pavement. I could SEE I was lying there. Red Green: Oh, Hap - EVERYBODY can see you're lying there!
Hap Shaughnessy: So yeah, there is an afterlife waiting for us, and it's FULL. Red Green: Yeah, but unfortunately, the afterlife is full of the same stuff THIS one is!
Harold Green: Badgers sleep in holes in the ground. How did one get in Old Man Sedgwick's pants? Red Green: Old Man Sedgwick was sleeping in a hole in the ground.
Harold Green: But you know... truth be told... I, uh... well, I missed... um... I missed... you know... everybody. Red Green: Did you miss ME, Harold? Harold Green: Well, did you miss ME? Red Green: I wasn't even SHOOTIN' at ya, Harold!
Harold Green: How can you stand there and say things that don't have a shred of truth to them? Red Green: Well, that's something that married people just do, Harold. [Red turns to the camera and waves] Red Green: Except us, Bernice!
Harold Green: How much did you pay for the Possum Van? Red Green: Nothing, Harold. That was a gift from my parents for graduating from public school. That way, I wouldn't have to borrow my dad's car to drive to junior high.
Harold Green: I asked Bonnie to marry me. Red Green: That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard, Harold. Harold Green: Well, she said yes. Red Green: I stand corrected!
Harold Green: I cannot believe Old Man Sedgwick still drinks to excess. He should start acting his age. Red Green: If Old Man Sedgwick acted his age, he'd be ten years dead.
Harold Green: I cannot believe the government continues to pay politicians after they die. Red Green: Well, it's so hard for them to tell, Harold.
Harold Green: I don't want any judgments or anything, but I think your plan is flawed, badly flawed, like "Rescue 911"-type flawed. Red Green: Well, Harold, if we're gonna have to start comparing things with flaws in them, I don't think you're going to have a very nice day.
Harold Green: I'm writing an episode of "The Outer Limits". Red Green: Harold, you *are* an episode of "The Outer Limits".
Harold Green: Or you could pick a job without a mandatory retirement age. Like a politician. Red Green: Or a car thief.
Harold Green: So, are you ready to be responsible for a messed-up social misfit who performs senseless acts? Red Green: I'm pretty much used to THAT, actually.
Harold Green: Tell them about Flinty McClintock parking his car on his neighbor's roof. Red Green: That was an accident, Harold. Harold Green: Not when it's on the roof. When it's in the living room or the kitchen, maybe.
Harold Green: Tonight's contestant is Mr. Winston Rothchilds of Rothchild's Sewage and Septic Sucking Services. Winston Rothschild: Where our motto is: If your eyes are stinging, my phone should be ringing.
Harold Green: Tonight's contestant is Mr. Winston Rothschild of Rothschild's Sewage and Septic Sucking Services. Winston Rothschild: Where our motto is, "Service with a smile - even on hot days."
Harold Green: Uncle Red will be right back with his extra terrestrials. Red Green: Hey wait a minute! I have the same number of terrestrials as everybody else.
Harold Green: We're never gonna be able to fake this to those government people! They'll see right off that we're not for real! Red Green: Oh, come on, Harold - - they're from the Tax Department! They've never been to church, either!
Harold Green: Well, I am very proud of you guys, Uncle Red! It makes a sensitive-hearted vegetarian like me feel so good to hear something like that. Red Green: Don't make it worse, Harold.
Harold Green: Well, you know what I think... Red Green: It doesn't matter what you think, Harold. If you were married, you'd know that.
Harold Green: [still wearing the sanitary mask and latex gloves from having helped deliver a baby] Meeting time, Uncle Red. Red Green: Yeah, you go ahead, Doctor Strange-Glove - - I'll be down in a minute.
Harold and I are gonna try and have some "quiet time", but he keeps talking!
Having a groovy pajama party - bring all your Abba albums.
Hello, this is Winston Rothschild reminding you: "Your sewage is our bread and butter."
I can't be sleeping on my own television show - that's YOUR job.
I don't want to argue with anyone larger than my van.
I figure that any device that can KEEP A DOG IN can also be used to KEEP A GOOF OUT. Besides - - this unit is far too CRUEL to be used on any ANIMAL, anyway!
I find fruit preserves are kinda like neckties. They're something ya get for Christmas from people who either don't like you or are too cheap to buy ya a real gift.
I haven't had this much fun since my dad wore his rude t-shirt to parent-teacher night!
I lay in that cave for half a day, unconscious. When my boss Leo found out, he docked me four hours pay.
I like to listen to the sound of my own heart when I'm... jogging away from things.
I realize now that it's not enough that I *go* shopping with my wife - I have to *want* to go shopping with my wife. Which is why I've signed up for ACTING LESSONS.
I thought "Chariots of Fire" was a remake of "Ben Hur" with flame throwers.
I'll tell you something, if you want to make sense out of this program, you got to give it your undivided attention.
I'm Ranger Gord... what year is it?
If a person could find a better way to kill bugs, they would not only get rich, they'd probably get a lot more dates.
If at first you don't succeed, switch to power tools.
If it ain't broke, you're not trying!
If life gives you lemons, throw 'em into a quart of vodka.
If my dog had eaten as much homework as I said he did, he'd be passing firelogs!
If my wife Bernice is watching, I'll be coming straight home after the meeting, and I learned today that you cannot change an ugly thing by hiding it. But I'm still not going to shave my beard off.
If my wife is watching, I'll be coming straight home after the meeting... and all this lawyer stuff has got me thinkin', maybe later tonight, if you present me with your briefs, I'll recommend a merger.
If my wife is watching, I'll be coming straight home and I'm bringing another bunch of flowers tonight. I do this a few times a year 'cause I'm really not too sure when our anniversary is and this way, everybody wins.
If repetition wasn't a good thing, why would people get married?
If the time ever comes when the world turns its back on something just because it's old and useless... well, that'll be a sad day for me and most of my fans.
If the women don't find you handsome, they should at least find you handy.
If we're gonna have to start comparing things with flaws in them, I don't think you're going to have a very nice day.
If you can't be with the plane you love, love the plane you're with.
If you can't stay young, you can at least stay immature.
If you're a pilot, you can use the roads and highways to steer your plane. Just remember, stay in the passing lane, or the motorists really yell at you.
If your wife's having a good time and you're not, you're still having a better time than if you're having a good time and she's not.
In fact, everybody changed...except me.
It doesn't matter what you think, Harold. If you were married, you'd know that.
It is physically impossible to drink a five-gallon pail full of water while lying down.
It's okay to give a little as long as you get a lot. That's called free trade.
Keep your stick on the ice.
Learn from my mistakes - someone should.
Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates... SO PIG OUT! Hahahahahahaha!
Maybe it's time to replace the words "Watch this," with phrases that are more suited to your current physical condition. Phrases like "Where are my glasses?" or "Where are my other glasses?" or the ever-popular "Honey, I swear it must've been the dog."
Men are like gas, they take up the space available.
Men who need glasses sometimes make passes at women who are already their wives.
Mike Hamar: I was thinking about regrets the other day. Do you have any regrets, Mr. Green? Red Green: Well, not so far, but this conversation has potential.
Mike Hamar: It's all set. It's all done. That popcorn's in there for life. Er, 25 to life. Red Green: Well, he would know.
Mike Hamar: My parents had their eighth anniversary when my youngest brother was 23.
Mike Hamar: One of my dads used to say, "Do unto others before someone does it to you." He said that's in the Bible. Red Green: Not in the King James version... but maybe the JESSE James version.
Mike Hamar: This armor's great! I can handle anything with this stuff on! Red Green: Except rain.
My dad used to tell me that a man's home is his castle. He also told me to learn Esperanto and buy an amphibious car. My dad was wrong. The only time a man's home is his castle is when the queen is out at the mall.
Nothing bugs a handyman more than a stripper that works too slow.
Now, I know a lot of you teenagers don't like to hear advice, but communication is an important part of life. And besides, who cares what *you* think?
Now, this is only temporary - unless it works.
Oh, yeah, and maybe I should've been born a millionaire. It's always money with you, isn't it, Harold? You need a tank moved, you pay someone. You need a roof reshingled, you pay someone. You need underwear, you pay someone. I just don't work that way, Harold.
Old man Sedgwick says, if anybody finds a black-and-white cat that answers to the name 'Screech', would they please keep it?
One man's junk is another man's antique and if someone thinks rust and dust turns trash into cash, who am I to argue? These people are a lot smarter than we are.
One way to lessen the chance of a heart attack is to change your diet, or maybe take up an exercise program... but hey! WHO ARE WE KIDDIN'? Eh?
Procrastination is like being intimate. The best things come at the end.
Quando, Omni, Flunkus, Moritadi.
Quando, Omni, Flunkus, Moritadi. Sit down.
Quando, Omni, Flunkus, Moritadi. [translation: if all else fails, play dead]
Ranger Gord: Hello, men. I'm Ranger Gord, and I'm -... Harold Green: Uh-uh-uh - - no last names; that's a basic rule here. Ranger Gord: Hello, my name is Ranger, and I'm a man.
Ranger Gord: Here's a new joke I just made up: "Knock, knock." "Who's there?" "No one." "No one who?" "No one. Just no one. Ever."
Ranger Gord: Many people have died at the end of a snake. Many people have died at the end of a rope. Think about it. Red Green: Just remember, snakes are just as afraid of you as we are of Ranger Gord.
Ranger Gord: Ranger Gord presents - Ranger Gord in: Ranger Gord's Educational Films. Written, drawn, animated, and voiced by: Ranger Gord. Starring Ranger Gord!
Ranger Gord: Who am I kidding? No one ever gets lost out here. Red Green: I don't know, Gord. You seem pretty out there to me.
Red Green: "Quando Omni Flunkus Terra Retreatum"? Harold Green: Yes... it means, "When all else fails, hide under a rock". Red Green: Okay, then -- you wait here, and I'll go get a ROCK!
Red Green: And it's no good to write "THIS END UP" on the package - that only means that THEY will decide how THIS ENDS UP!
Red Green: And now the doctor says he'd like for me to lose some weight. Well, I'D like for HIM to DROP DEAD! But I've got another solution -- it's not as violent, but it IS dishonest, so it's got that going for it.
Red Green: Apparently the water in Possum Lake has just been declared okay for human consumption. Harold Green: Really? I wouldn't drink it. Red Green: So what? I said *human* consumption.
Red Green: Boy there's a bunch of advantages when you own your own highway. Harold Green: Uncle Red, you do not own the highway. Red Green: Well, I drive like I do.
Red Green: But what I can't understand, Harold, is why they'd want to hire someone like you. I applied for that job, you know. Harold Green: Yeah, I know - a lot of you guys did. That REALLY HELPED me get the job - thanks.
Red Green: Harold, you have a woman boss? Harold Green: So? So do you! Aunt Bernice! Red Green: Harold, that's different. Harold Green: [smugly] Yeah, I know - I get paid!
Red Green: Harold, you want the truth? Harold Green: Yes! Red Green: You want the truth? Harold Green: I want the truth! Red Green: I can't handle the truth!
Red Green: Have you seen these toy trains where, when they run into something, they just turn around and head off in another direction? Kinda like politicians at a press conference?
Red Green: Having used my lawn-mower handle for this project means that I'll no longer be able to cut my lawn -- but I'll get over it!
Red Green: How did you learn so much about money? Harold Green: I watch that show "Traders."
Red Green: How's it coming with my van, Dale? Dale: All finished, Mr. Green. I put a drop of oil on your horn relay. Your horn was sticking. Red Green: Yeah, I know. I LIKE it sticking. That way I can let morons know what I think of them, and still keep both hands on the wheel.
Red Green: I graduated at age 20. Harold Green: I didn't know you went past high school, Uncle Red. Red Green: Sure, I did, Harold -- I went past the high school on the way to the Lodge!
Red Green: I guess crime doesn't pay, huh, Mike? Mike Hamar: Not the way I do it.
Red Green: I'll tell you - - NOBODY wants to HARK when they hear THIS "Harold" angel sing!
Red Green: If it weren't for modern art, we wouldn't have the singing bass, the black-velvet paintings, or the "I'M WITH STUPID" t-shirts. Would you really want to live in a world like that, Harold? Harold Green: Yes...! Actually, I would!
Red Green: Oh, Harold... nobody in his RIGHT MIND would give YOU driving lessons. Harold Green: Oh, you will? Oh, THANK you!
Red Green: Stay tuned to find out how the treasure hunt turned out.Harold Green: Big hint... we're still doing the show.
Red Green: This week we have Winston Rothschild of Rothschild's Sewage and Septic Sucking Services. Winston Rothschild: "No tank too big, no tank too small, teacup or cesspool, we suck 'em all."
Red Green: We learned that everything has its place. Mine is here, Harold's is over there, and Moose's barber kit's is at the bottom of the lake.
Red Green: Well, I'm not gonna be calling the U.S. Air Force, Harold. What do I say? We've got a missile? They take that as a threat, we're in real trouble. Harold Green: Well, then, contact the Canadian Air Force. Red Green: Harold, it's after six; he's gone home.
Red Green: Well, it looks like somebody was PAID OFF here. Mike Hamar: Oh, no -- they wouldn't take a bribe. I-I wouldn't THINK --!
Red Green: What animal are you hunting, Reg? Reg Hunter: Well, it's an animal that makes a sound like this: Awooooo! Red Green: Yes, but what kind of animal is that? Reg Hunter: I dunno, but I betcha I can put a bullet in it.
Red Green: Where did we go wrong with you, Harold? Harold Green: Well, it was all those years of not getting the respect I deserved. Red Green: You got what you deserved, it just wasn't respect, that's all.
Red Green: You can't be forgetting your wedding anniversary, Dalton. Dalton Humphries: Yeah, it's kind of ironic when the second dumbest think you ever did was to forget the dumbest thing you ever did.
Red Green: You must have a ton of regrets. Mike Hamar: Well, only one: children. I regret not having any children. Dalton Humphrey: Yeah, I feel exactly the same way. Or did you say you regret *not* having children?
Red Green: You're never too old to learn things. Harold Green: Are you ever too old to listen? You never listen, so I guess the answer is yes on that one.
Red Green: You're only limited by your own imagination, and the laws in your area.
Red Green: [Mike and Dalton are warning Red about the impending hurricane] We don't get hurricanes here. We're too far from the ocean, okay? We get a fair bit of wind, but that's because we're so close to Port Asbestos, and it SUCKS!
Red Green: [Seeing Harold in a neckbrace] Did you hurt your neck, Harold, or have you been going to Don Cherry's tailor?
Red Green: [Walter is about to lift up a refrigerator] Walter is a young fella. He doesn't have a girlfriend, so he has power.
Red Green: [reciting the Man's Prayer along with the other lodge members] I'm a man, but I can change, if I have to, I guess. Dalton Humphrey: Or get an upgrade! ... Computer talk.
Red Green: [trying to unscrew a jar of nitroglycerin] It would work better if that finger wasn't missing. Edgar Montrose: Oh, it's not missing, Red. I know exactly where it is. It's back up at the quarry, still pointing at the "no smoking" sign.
Red: I could be a great astronomer, Harold! Harold: (to audience) He's always been good at staring off into space, so...
Red: I either have a plan, or I'm an idiot. Harold: That's good. 'Cause usually you have a plan and you're an idiot.
Red: Isn't this great? We've got no overhead! Harold: You've got no inhead!
Red: Why do you have such a negative attitude towards the festive season, though? Dalton: Gee, you should come by my house Christmas morning. Then yule see.
Remember, I'm pulling for ya. We're all in this together!
Remember, you may have to grow old, but you don't have to mature.
She's marrying you for the exact opposite reason you're marrying her: she thinks you'll change. She thinks you'll change, for the BETTER. Things don't get better as they get older. Look at your truck. Look at your roof. Look in the MIRROR!
So I guess the moral here is "Never connect a used fuel pump from a Russian rocket missile to a large deciduous tree."
So don't ever think that an ATM card like this is like a bottomless pit of cash that just lets you spend whatever you want... for that, you need this...A credit card!
So get yourself some training, and if that doesn't work out, well, just tell any prospective employer that you do everything that Red Green says, and that'll PROVE that you're certifiable!
So if my wife is watching, I'll be coming straight home after the meeting, and I learned today that the best way to control anger is to be the boss. Of course, you knew that all along, didn't you?
So if my wife is watching, I'll be coming straight home after the meeting, and yes, I know it's the computer age, but let's not forget about personal interaction. When I get home, I want to show you that I'm user-friendly.
Some men look at a problem like this and try to find a solution. I prefer to figure out whose fault it is and let them take care of it.
Sound ingenious? Sound incredible? Sound impossible? Who cares? I'm not listening.
The Man's Prayer: I'm a man, but I can change, if I have to, I guess.
The Possum Lodge Pledge: Quando, Omni, Flunkus, Moritadi.
The Red Green Show is kind of like the flu; not everybody gets it.
The enemy is at the gates - - heck, the enemy may even be NAMED "Gates"!
The gas siphon - you'd probably use this at the mall while your wife is inside shopping.
The handyman's secret weapon - duct tape.
The only thing Junior Singleton reads cover to cover is a matchbook.
The tire iron - it's a simple tool but it's a useful tool. Rather like my brother-in-law.
There -- now do you feel better about your bald spot? Me, neither!
There are two kinds of people: those who do things and those who write manuals.
There is a historical significance to party boats, going back to um, Cleopatra and um, Moses, and um the crew of the Exxon-Valdez.
There's only two things that excite a man, expensive toys and real expensive toys.
They say necessity is the mother of invention. Don't know who the father is; probably remorse.
Things don't get better as they get older. Look at your truck. Look at your roof. Look in the MIRROR!
Things just aren't that important. You know what? It's the money you make *selling* things that's important.
This is only temporary, unless it works.
Two things you need at a bar is ice and water; water for mixing drinks and ice to drop into people's shorts and into their hats, depending on where their hangover is.
Vehicles don't belong in the Middle Ages anyway. Except maybe for Buster's Edsel.
We had a He man contest up here at the lodge with first prize being a truss.
We have a condom machine at school. It's always broken, but it's fun to think about.
We now come to the part of the show called "If it ain't broke, you're not trying!"
We now have a drive-thru window to serve all your live bait needs. But we've had to go to containers; people feel just a bit skittish about driving through a school zone with a lap full of frogs.
Welcome to "Harold's Handy Crafts" where crafty hands make handy crafts!
Welcome to Possum Creek. Where men are men... and Harold here is my nephew.
Well, it's been an hour since Harold went to tell Bonnie that they should start seeing less of each other.... Probably by now they're seeing ALL of each other! THERE'S a scary visual!
Well, we may have lost Eddie as cook, but there is a DOWNSIDE, too.
When all else fails, use more duct tape!
When the going gets tough, switch to power tools.
Where there's smoke, there's fire; where there's fire, there's Ranger Gord; where there's Ranger Gord, there's... nothing...
Why don't you put your money where your mouth is. Or do you have that much money?
Winston Rothschild here for Rothschild's Sewage and Septic Sucking Services, where we put the P.U. in pump!
Winston Rothschild here from Rothschild's Sewage and Septic Sucking Services, with a lesson for you: "There once was a man from Turkey, whose septics were plugged up and murky. They blamed it on lead from the pipes in the bed when the culprit was too much beef jerky."
Winston Rothschild, III: I need an heir! Red Green: You already have an air. What you need is a shower!
Winston Rothschild: Do you notice a difference in your reply as compared to ours? Red Green: Yeah -- I didn't LIE!
Winston Rothschild: I've made up all these advertising fliers for my sewage business, and so I want to find the best way to use them. Red Green: [offhandedly] Just toss 'em in the trash can, like everybody else does!
Winston Rothschild: That really stinks! Your attitude SUCKS! Red Green: Well, your TRUCK does BOTH OF THOSE, Winston.
Ya know, I think it was Sir Isaac Newton-John who once said, "Whatever comes down must go up -- IF ya got enough water-pressure!"
Ya know, when I was a kid playing street-hockey with my friends, and a car came along, we all CLEARED OUT -- 'cause we didn't wanna feel guilty about holdin' up traffic. But kids today DON'T FEEL GUILTY ABOUT ANYTHING! I blame the YOUNG OFFENDERS ACT.
Yeah, I think we should just take that right to bed, see how it creases the sheets.
You ever see one of these? It's called a GPS, which stands for - well, who cares? Point is, this thing uses satellites to tell you where you are, which means that every man can have a five-hundred-dollar reason not to ask for directions.
You know me, safety forced.
You know, contrary to popular folklore, bats will not suck the blood out of your body. That's your boss' job.
You know, it's not what you make, it's what you spend there. It's not what you pay, it's what you buy.
You may think that your handsome youthful looks are behind you, but the people who are standing back there may not share that opinion!
You need a tank moved, you pay someone. You need a roof reshingled, you pay someone. You need underwear, you pay someone. I just don't work that way, Harold.
You should get on with the next segment, I think; it's more interesting than this. This is boring. This is as bad as a PBS subscription drive; that's how bad this is. Next segment's interesting, though.
You think 'Fear Factor' is gross? I eat with these hands!
You're watching "The Red Green Show" and nobody can stop you.
You're wrong about what gives people zits, and you're wrong about what makes teenagers go blind.
Your wife left you? Blow up the stove. Otherwise you'll start cooking for yourself and that's dangerous.
[Being dangerous is] what gets the juices flowing -- the adrenaline, the testosterone, the hydrogen peroxide...
[Red and Harold enter the Lodge after Harold was driving with Red] Red Green: Well, that wasn't so bad, Harold. Old Lady Benkman yelled a lot, but I think those shrubs were already dead.
[The Possum Lodge Word Game: "hand"] Red Green: You and your wife go out for a walk and you hold... Dalton Humphries: My temper. Red Green: No, she's feeling romantic so she takes your... Dalton Humphries: Wallet?
[The Possum Lodge Word Game: Manners] Red Green: When somebody belches at the dinner table that's a sign of bad...? Dougie Franklin: Burritos. Red Green: When you belch at the dinner table, your mom says mind your...? Dougie Franklin: Spray?
[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Harold: Mr. Dalton Humphrey, you have 30 seconds to get Uncle Red to say this word- [giggles nervously, too embarrassed to say the word himself, but does point to it on the card] and go! Dalton Humphrey: [coughs and clears throat] Red: Sex?
[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: Let's say your wife is planning a fancy dinner-- Dalton Humphrey: KFC!
[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: The building you were in when you were married. Bob Steuyvesant: Motel 6.
[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: This is a family member, Mike; the man who slept with your mother. Mike: Could you be a little more specific? Red: If your wife had kids, you would be...? Mike: Long gone. Red: Aha! Just like your...? Mike: Father.
[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: This is an animated character whose name is Donald... Dalton Humphrey: Trump?
[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: This is something you play at parties... Edgar: Spin the grenade!
[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: This is what normal people drink. Ranger Gord: Beer. Red: Um, OK, but this has no taste to it. Ranger Gord: American beer?
[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: What word comes to mind when you think of bone china or crystal? Edgar Montrose: Oops!
[The Possum Lodge Word Game] Red: Younger than 20; older than 12. Dalton Humphrey: Shoplifter?
[The revised Men Anonymous pledge.] I'm a man...but I changed...if I had to...Oh well.
[a poem called "Tiny Shoots"] Tiny shoots come out of the ground. Crocuses, tulips and daffodils rise to a height of 2 1/2 inches and are frozen in time, not by a late frost, but by a dirty lawnmower.
[a spitting cobra is preparing to attack] Ed Frid: He's getting ready to spit! Red Green: Ohh, so am I! Or, or, or, or, or did you say spit?
[poem] It is spring. Tadpoles swim in a stagnant pond, surrounded by floating lilies and water snakes. You're tempted to destroy their world with men and equipment, to dry up the swamp and kill the animals. But what the heck? You don't go down in the basement that often anyway.
[poem] It is summer. In the shade of an apple tree, you relax with a mint julep or nine. Summer is no time for stress. You casually forget your aunt's birthday. She thanks you.
[poem] It is winter. Cousin Jerry was lying in the snow making snow angels. Along came the snowplow. Now Cousin Jerry is making REAL angels.
[poem] It is winter. We hitched the horse up to the sleigh, like Grandfather used to do. Over hills and through the dells we'd glide for an hour or two. And soon my ears are brittle and my mouth is frozen shut. My eyes are locked wide open and all I see is the horse's butt.
[singing] Bacon drippings! Bacon drippings! Bacon drippings, bacon! If you want to call your song 'Bacon Drippings' I'm sorry; it's been taken.
[singing] Fingers are handy, you must understand You can do more things with your fingers than you can count on one hand Work with them, point with them, pick with them, scratch But if you give a big guy the finger, you may not get it back.
[singing] Hoein' every hayfield and puttin' them in bales Pickin' all the peapods and puttin' them in pails It's time to reap the harvest; we're goin' as fast as we can Tryin' to get the crops in before the farmer that owns this place comes out and starts shootin' at us.
[singing] I loved her on the rooftop but she didn't like my flashin' she threw my heart in the down spout, and now I drink a lot, and drive trucks.
[singing] My butterfly collection gives me so much pride My butterfly collection makes me warm inside The monarchs, blues and yellows; these are beauties, man oh man Come see my butterfly collection - they're all wedged in the grille of my van.
[singing] Oh, I have one whisker on the end of my nose And the more I shave it, the more it grows I waxed it and stretched it until it was 40 inches long And then it was hit by lightning and I was forced to rethink the whole project.
[singing] Oh, I know a guy with a car named Sue, he was the butt of many jokes He had named his car after his wife, 'Cause it's hard to start and it smokes.
[singing] Oh, a horse with a horn is called a unicorn A horse with stripes is called a zebra A horse with wings is called Pegasus And a horse with a broken leg is called glue.
[singing] Oh, hats off to my science teachers They were absolutely right after all 'Cause I just threw a fridge off my roof And cold air definitely falls.
[singing] Oh, the mountain is high and the valley is low It's the laws of Nature that make it so If the valley is high and the mountain is low You're either upside down or drunk or both.
[singing] Oh, there's a hole in my tent and the water's coming in. It's rainin' on my hat, and it's drippin' on my chin. Always remember camping lesson number one. If there're bugs in your tent, don't shoot 'em with a gun.
[singing] Oh, you never see a vampire with a full grown beard But a vampire can't see his reflection So a lack of facial hair is unbelievably weird 'Cause you'd think shaving would be out of the question.
[singing] Oh, your hands are connected to your arms, your arms are connected to your shoulders, your shoulders are connected to your body, your body is connected to your head. Oh, your head is connected to... nothing... and that explains a lot.
[singing] Sometimes I get to thinkin' About all the mistakes I've made All the people I've hurt And all the bills I haven't paid Sometimes I get to thinkin' I should change and get on the ball... But then I turn on the ol' TV and I don't get to thinkin' at all.
[singing] The elbow is throbbing, from the strength of the force The shoulder is separated, it may get a divorce The wrist is all numb, and the fingers are swollen And if this outboard doesn't start on the very next pull, she's goin' into the lake.
[singing] Tougher than iron, not one ounce of fat All sinew and muscle, and blacker than black... I guess I burned the steaks again.
[singing] When you feel like a toad on the highway of life and everyone seems like a steel-belted radial when you're lyin' there squished in an assortment of bodily fluids at least you left your mark.
[singing] When you wish upon a star Make sure it's not our own sun 'Cause wishing on our sun isn't much fun Unless your wish is to burn out your retinas.
preparing to saw into the bellows of the old accordion] If there are any MUSIC LOVERS out there - - you're WELCOME!
'Groundhog Day' was one of the greatest scripts ever written. It didn't even get nominated for an Academy Award.
A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.
A difference of opinion is what makes horse racing and missionaries. ~ Will Rogers
A fool and his money are soon elected. ~ Will Rogers
A holding company is a thing where you hand an accomplice the goods while the policeman searches you. ~ Will Rogers
A man only learns in two ways, one by reading, and the other by association with smarter people. ~ Will Rogers
A remark generally hurts in proportion to its truth. ~ Will Rogers
A rich man is nothing but a poor man with money.
A severed foot is the ultimate stocking stuffer.
A waffle is like a pancake with a syrup trap.
A woman drove me to drink and I didn't even have the decency to thank her.
About all I can say for the United States Senate is that it opens with a prayer and closes with an investigation. ~ Will Rogers
Abstaining is favorable both to the head and the pocket.
Actually the copies of characters is something I don't particularly like to talk about in articles but just for your information, most characters there's only one.
Actually, I began to think that maybe there is a god, after all. Or maybe it's a different one. The old one got fired.
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have for something they don't need. ~ Will Rogers
Ah, the patter of little feet around the house. There's nothing like having a midget for a butler.
Alexander Hamilton started the U.S. Treasury with nothing, and that was the closest our country has ever been to being even. ~ Will Rogers
All I know is just what I read in the papers, and that's an alibi for my ignorance. ~ Will Rogers
All of us kids ended up 'doing Mom.' There are four of us who've tried show business. Five if you insist on counting my sister the nun, who does liturgical dance.
All the men in my family were bearded, and most of the women.
All these jokes have been pre-approved as funny by me.
Always carry a flagon of whiskey in case of snakebite and furthermore always carry a small snake.
Always two there are, a master and an apprentice.
America is a nation that conceives many odd inventions for getting somewhere but it can think of nothing to do once it gets there. ~ Will Rogers
America is becoming so educated that ignorance will be a novelty. I will belong to the select few. ~ Will Rogers
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's. ~ Will Rogers
An escalator can never break: it can only become stairs. You should never see an Escalator Temporarily Out Of Order sign, just Escalator Temporarily Stairs. Sorry for the convenience.
An ignorant person is one who doesn't know what you have just found out. ~ Will Rogers
An onion can make people cry but there's never been a vegetable that can make people laugh. ~ Will Rogers
Ancient Rome declined because it had a Senate, now what's going to happen to us with both a House and a Senate? ~ Will Rogers
And I don't like to work. I only like working when I'm working.
Anyone who hates children and animals can't be all bad.
Anything important is never left to the vote of the people. We only get to vote on some man; we never get to vote on what he is to do. ~ Will Rogers
At the University of Maryland, my first year I started off planning to major in art because I was interested in theatre design, stage design or television design.
At the first screening, there were a lot of areas that we went around and around about. Then we had our second screening. It played better. It's almost a reasonable length film now!
At the time of Polaroid - and I did a couple of other commercials just before I stopped doing that stuff - at that point I was at the level where they respect you and your opinion and all that sort of thing.
Awards are meaningless to me, and I have nothing but disdain for anyone who actively campaigns to get one.
Be thankful we're not getting all the government we're paying for. ~ Will Rogers
Being a hero is about the shortest-lived profession on earth. ~ Will Rogers
Bologna is a deli meat for people with eyes.
But I can only take so much TV, because there is so much advice. I find people will preach about virtually anything - your diet, how to live your life, how to improve your golf. The lot. I have always had a thing against the Mister Know-It-Alls.
But with The Dark Crystal, instead of puppetry we're trying to go toward a sense of realism - toward a reality of creatures that are actually alive and we're mixing up puppetry and all kinds of other techniques.
Buy land. They ain't making any more of the stuff. ~ Will Rogers
Chaotic action is preferable to orderly inaction. ~ Will Rogers
Children should neither be seen or heard from - ever again.
Communism to me is one-third practice and two-thirds explanation. ~ Will Rogers
Democrats never agree on anything, that's why they're Democrats. If they agreed with each other, they would be Republicans. ~ Will Rogers
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock. ~ Will Rogers
Diplomats are just as essential to starting a war as soldiers are for finishing it... You take diplomacy out of war, and the thing would fall flat in a week. ~ Will Rogers
Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious. ~ Will Rogers
Do you think I am standing here, making this up as I go? I am sorry to disillusion you. I am not Robin Williams. I am the king of the pen.
Dogs are forever in the push up postion.
Don't gamble; take all your savings and buy some good stock and hold it till it goes up, then sell it. If it don't go up, don't buy it. ~ Will Rogers
Don't let yesterday use up too much of today. ~ Will Rogers
Don't think about your errors or failures; otherwise, you'll never do a thing.
Don't worry about your heart, it will last you as long as you live.
Drown in a cold vat of whiskey? Death, where is thy sting?
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. ~ Will Rogers
Even though you are on the right track - you will get run over if you just sit there. ~ Will Rogers
Every book is a children's book if the kid can read!
Every time I go and shave, I assume there's someone else on the planet shaving. So I say, 'I'm gonna go shave, too.'
Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects. ~ Will Rogers
Everything is changing. People are taking their comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke. ~ Will Rogers
Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else. ~ Will Rogers
Fettucini alfredo is macaroni and cheese for adults.
Get someone else to blow your horn and the sound will carry twice as far. ~ Will Rogers
Golf was my first glimpse of comedy. I was a caddy when I was a kid. I was on the golf course rather than being in lessons, but I can play better now than I could then.
Good judgment comes from experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment. ~ Will Rogers
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save. ~ Will Rogers
Hell, I never vote for anybody, I always vote against.
Here lies W. C. Fields. I would rather be living in Philadelphia.
Here's the thing, you just have to drive a lot faster, and if you don't get there, we're both fired.
Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
Hyperbole is something I'd better avoid.
I always keep a supply of stimulant handy in case I see a snake, which I also keep handy.
I am an expert of electricity. My father occupied the chair of applied electricity at the state prison.
I am free of all prejudices. I hate everyone equally.
I am not a member of any organized political party. I am a Democrat. ~ Will Rogers
I belong to no organized party. I am a Democrat. ~ Will Rogers
I bet after seeing us, George Washington would sue us for calling him 'father.' ~ Will Rogers
I bought a seven-dollar pen because I always lose pens and I got sick of not caring.
I came out of the old Second City in Chicago. Chicago actors are more hard-nosed. They're tough on themselves and their fellow actors. They're self-demanding.
I can whistle with my fingers, especially if I have a whistle.
I cook with wine, sometimes I even add it to the food.
I decided that what I really wanted to do was go off and paint.
I do remember doing shows strictly in black and white, too, so you're right.
I don't buy diamonds, I don't buy cars, but I enjoy travelling. I'm not a very possessive person as far as things go.
I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who'd be mad at me for saying that.
I don't know how this guy knew how much money I was making. I didn't know how much money I was making.
I don't know why I ever come in here. The flies get the best of everything.
I don't make jokes. I just watch the government and report the facts. ~ Will Rogers
I don't want to be that guy mumbling into his drink at a bar.
I don't want to have a relationship with someone if I'm not going to work with them.
I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle.
I drink therefore I am.
I feel that if you really want an Oscar, you're in trouble. It's like wanting to be married - you'll take anybody. If you want the Oscar really badly, it becomes a naked desire and ambition. It becomes very unattractive.
I go home and stay there. I wash and scrub up each day, and that's it. One month I actually grew a moustache, just so I could say that I'd done something.
I got my head bashed in at a demonstration against the Vietnam War. Police were losing control because they were up against a world they really didn't understand.
I guess there is nothing that will get your mind off everything like golf. I have never been depressed enough to take up the game, but they say you get so sore at yourself you forget to hate your enemies. ~ Will Rogers
I had a stick of CareFree gum, but it didn't work. I felt pretty good while I was blowing that bubble, but as soon as the gum lost its flavor, I was back to pondering my mortality.
I have a scheme for stopping war. It's this - no nation is allowed to enter a war till they have paid for the last one. ~ Will Rogers
I have no idea what a British sensibility or a British sense of humor is. I have no concept of what that is. I have no concept of what American sensibility is. I was born in Great Britain, but I was only there for six months, and we moved to Belgium, where I grew up.
I haven't slept for ten days, because that would be too long.
I keep referring to them in the plural but all I'm dealing with is Bob. I don't know where Harvey fits in the equation. He was very present at the beginning, winding his brother up. I don't know where he is now.
I know a lot about cars, man. I can look at any car's headlights and tell you exactly which way it's coming.
I like Kit-Kat, unless I'm with four or more people.
I like children - fried.
I like refried beans. That's why I wanna try fried beans, because maybe they're just as good and we're just wasting time. You don't have to fry them again after all.
I like to hold the microphone cord like this, I pinch it together, then I let it go, then you hear a whole bunch of jokes at once.
I like to keep a bottle of stimulant handy in case I see a snake, which I also keep handy.
I like to play blackjack. I'm not addicted to gambling. I'm addicted to sitting in a semi-circle.
I look back on my work and I think, 'Oh, why didn't I do that differently?'
I love 'Time Bandits;' it's great.
I must have a drink of breakfast.
I never drink water. I'm afraid it will become habit-forming.
I never drink water; that is the stuff that rusts pipes.
I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the places they now do. ~ Will Rogers
I never met a kid I liked.
I never vote for anyone. I always vote against.
I never wanted to be a puppeteer. I stopped puppeteering when I was about 18. I puppeteered when I was eleven years old to 18 to make extra money to go to Europe, which I made half of and my parents gave me half.
I never worry about being driven to drink; I just worry about being driven home.
I once saw a forklift lift a crate of forks. And it was way to literal for me.
I once spent a year in Philadelphia, I think it was on a Sunday.
I read about eight newspapers in a day. When I'm in a town with only one newspaper, I read it eight times. ~ Will Rogers
I realized the more fun I had, the more relaxed I was working, the better I worked.
I recently took up ice sculpting. Last night I made an ice cube. This morning I made 12, I was prolific.
I remixed a remix, it was back to normal.
I saw a human pyramid once. It was very unnecessary.
I think all phases of one's career are serious if you take it seriously no matter if you are doing high profile dramatic pieces or not.
I think foosball is a combination of soccer and shish kabobs.
I think midlife crisis is just a point where people's careers have reached some plateau and they have to reflect on their personal relationships.
I think my own strengths are in television production.
I throw a Christmas party at my house. It's not really a Christmas party, because I don't want to call it a Christmas party. But let's just say I put a lot of Christmas trees around the house, so it smells good.
I used to be a hot-tar roofer. Yeah, I remember that... day.
I want to get a vending machine, with fun sized candy bars, and the glass in front is a magnifying glass. You'll be mad, but it will be too late.
I wanted to buy a candle holder, but the store didn't have one. So I got a cake.
I was at this casino minding my own business, and this guy came up to me and said, 'You're gonna have to move, you're blocking a fire exit.' As though if there was a fire, I wasn't gonna run. If you're flammible and have legs, you are never blocking a fire exit.
I was born in 1940 in Minnesota and grew up in the country... dirt roads, swamps, lakes, woods.
I was doing political cartoons and getting angry to the point where I felt I was going to have to start making and throwing bombs. I thought I was probably a better cartoonist than a bomb maker.
I was getting frustrated with America. It's interesting how as simple a thing as, like, letting your hair grow longer changed in the world in those days.
I was in love with a beautiful blonde once. She drove me to drink. That's the one thing I'm indebted to her for.
I was very interested in theatre, mostly in stage design. I did a little bit of acting.
I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down.
I went to Second City, where you learned to make the other actor look good so you looked good and National Lampoon, where you had to create everything out of nothing, and SNL, where you couldn't make any mistakes, and you learned what collaboration was.
I wish I could play little league now. I'd be way better than before.
I wish my name was Brian because maybe sometimes people would misspell my name and call me Brain. That's like a free compliment and you don't even gotta be smart to notice it.
I would imagine that if you could understand Morse code, a tap dancer would drive you crazy.
I wouldn't like to be that famous, I value my privacy. Mind you, Miss Piggy enjoys every moment of it. If it were not for me, she would spend all her time in the limelight.
I'd like to get four people who do cart wheels very good, and make a cart.
I'd like to read a book sometime. I've never read a book before. That'd be an adventure. I understand they have pages and everything. Yeah, I've got to do that sometime.
I'd like to see Paris before I die... Philadelphia will do.
I'm a heroine addict. I need to have sex with women who have saved someone's life.
I'm a nut, but not just a nut.
I'm against picketing, but I don't know how to show it.
I'm gonna fix that last joke by taking out all the words and adding new ones.
I'm not a real movie star. I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago. ~ Will Rogers
I'm not an art director; I'm just not. I've always been somebody who has a sensibility that I hope is the same sensibility of others.
I'm not politically committed at all in the popular sense; that is, to any party. I'm committed to whatever's best for the normal working person. I'm not a great fan of politics.
I'm sick of following my dreams. I'm just going to ask them where they're goin', and hook up with them later.
I've always wanted to do non-comedies. I've always done dramas, comedies, music, and I always like to bop around and do different things.
I've been lucky, I've had movies that made a lot of money, so I don't feel like I have to kill every time out. I don't want that pressure. I don't need it.
I've never felt any sense of competition with anybody, and we're all friends; we're all good friends.
I've never made any horrible, horrible movies. If you don't ruin your reputation, you can always get work.
I've rewritten a lot of the scripts I've done. 'Little Shop Of Horrors' was a complete rewrite, but I didn't touch the dialogue. Essentially, I'm a very good editor.
If I had nine of my fingers missing I wouldn't type any slower.
If I had to live my life over, I'd live over a saloon.
If I studied all my life, I couldn't think up half the number of funny things passed in one session of congress. ~ Will Rogers
If Stupidity got us into this mess, then why can't it get us out? ~ Will Rogers
If advertisers spent the same amount of money on improving their products as they do on advertising then they wouldn't have to advertise them. ~ Will Rogers
If anything, there's a difference in working with color in England and the color in the US.
If carrots got you drunk, rabbits would be messed-up.
If my kid couldn't draw I'd make sure that my kitchen magnets didn't work.
If the other fellow sells cheaper than you, it is called dumping. 'Course, if you sell cheaper than him, that's mass production. ~ Will Rogers
If there's a will, prosperity can't be far behind.
If you can build a business up big enough, it's respectable. ~ Will Rogers
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bull.
If you ever injected truth into politics you have no politics. ~ Will Rogers
If you make any money, the government shoves you in the creek once a year with it in your pockets, and all that don't get wet you can keep. ~ Will Rogers
If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing. ~ Will Rogers
In Hollywood the woods are full of people that learned to write but evidently can't read. If they could read their stuff, they'd stop writing. ~ Will Rogers
In Hollywood you can see things at night that are fast enough to be in the Olympics in the day time. ~ Will Rogers
In Japan, you have no idea what they are saying, and they can't help you either. Nothing makes any sense. They're very polite, but you feel like a joke is being played on you the entire time you're there.
In advertising, I was frustrated by having to deal with the client. It was the only time I really worked in a proper office, and I didn't like it-simple as that.
In order to be a star performer you have to have someone to play against.
Is a hippopotamus a hippopotamus, or just a really cool Opotamus?
It ain't what they call you, it's what you answer to.
It has always been difficult to get Big Bird to be very pretty. Big Bird in England is much more gorgeous.
It isn't what we don't know that gives us trouble, it's what we know that ain't so. ~ Will Rogers
It was a woman who drove me to drink, and I never had the courtesy to thank her for it.
It was lights, camera, inaction.
It's 85 million dollars and they got to be really careful because they are going to need me.
It's a good thing we don't get all the government we pay for. ~ Will Rogers
It's been interesting how kids have had hardly any problems watching it, but adults have more trouble. This happened way back even with Jabberwocky and Time Bandits.
It's easy being a humorist when you've got the whole government working for you. ~ Will Rogers
It's into the same bag as E.T. and Yoda, wherein you're trying to create something that people will actually believe, but it's not so much a symbol of the thing, but you're trying to do the thing itself.
It's morally wrong to allow a sucker to keep his money.
It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts. ~ Will Rogers
It's very dangerous to wave to people you don't know because what if they don't have hands? They'll think you're cocky.
It's weird... people say they're not like apes. Now how do you explain football then?
John Cleese was with a group called Cambridge Circus, who had come to New York, and we became friends. Years later that produced a certain team effort.
Last week, I went to Philadelphia, but it was closed.
Last year we said, 'Things can't go on like this', and they didn't, they got worse. ~ Will Rogers
Let advertisers spend the same amount of money improving their product that they do on advertising and they wouldn't have to advertise it. ~ Will Rogers
Lettin' the cat outta the bag is a whole lot easier 'n puttin' it back in. ~ Will Rogers
Liberty doesn't work as well in practice as it does in speeches. ~ Will Rogers
Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.
Literally overnight, I became an animator... and one that was well-known.
Live in such a way that you would not be ashamed to sell your parrot to the town gossip. ~ Will Rogers
Make crime pay. Become a lawyer. ~ Will Rogers
Marry an outdoors woman. Then if you throw her out into the yard on a cold night, she can still survive.
Money and women are the most sought after and the least known about of any two things we have. ~ Will Rogers
Movie acting suits me because I only need to be good for ninety seconds at a time.
My belt holds my pants up, but the belt loops hold my belt up. I don't really know what's happening down there. Who is the real hero?
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them.
My favorite thing about New York is the people, because I think they're misunderstood. I don't think people realize how kind New York people are.
My friend asked me if I wanted a frozen banana. I said 'No, but I want a regular banana later, so... yeah.'
My hope still is to leave the world a bit better than when I got here.
My sister wanted to be an actress, but she never made it. She does live in a trailer. She got halfway. She's an actress, she just never gets called to the set.
NBC was trying to convert all of their local programming to color right away to encourage the sale of the sets, so I barely remember working in black and white, although I do know that I did do it, but there was not a major difference, though.
Never cry over spilt milk, because it may have been poisoned.
Never give a sucker an even break.
Never let yesterday use up too much of today. ~ Will Rogers
Never try to impress a woman, because if you do she'll expect you to keep up the standard for the rest of your life.
No doubt exists that all women are crazy; it's only a question of degree.
No one really wants to admit they are lonely, and it is never really addressed very much between friends and family. But I have felt lonely many times in my life.
No, there's not much competition between puppeteers in general because everybody's working their own style.
Now don't say you can't swear off drinking; it's easy. I've done it a thousand times.
Now if there is one thing that we do worse than any other nation, it is try and manage somebody else's affairs. ~ Will Rogers
Oakland Technical High School. Like any high-school experience, it was ambiguous. I was shy with girls; I had friends, but there were times I didn't feel I had the right friends. My grades were only so-so.
Ohio claims they are due a president as they haven't had one since Taft. Look at the United States, they have not had one since Lincoln. ~ Will Rogers
On account of being a democracy and run by the people, we are the only nation in the world that has to keep a government four years, no matter what it does. ~ Will Rogers
On the whole, I'd rather be in Philidelphia.
Once, during Prohibition, I was forced to live for days on nothing but food and water.
One Ad is worth more to a paper than forty Editorials. ~ Will Rogers
One of my gripes about movies is that people take them so seriously, and the moneymaking aspects are so brutal.
One of the things I like about acting is that, in a funny way, I come back to myself.
One-third of the people in the United States promote, while the other two-thirds provide. ~ Will Rogers
Our constitution protects aliens, drunks and U.S. Senators. ~ Will Rogers
Parties are only bad when a fight breaks out, when men fight over women or vice versa. Someone takes a fall, an ambulance comes, and the police arrive. If you can avoid those things, pretty much all behaviour is acceptable.
People are getting smarter nowadays; they are letting lawyers, instead of their conscience, be their guide. ~ Will Rogers
People only talk about what a joyous experience it is, but there is terror: Your life, as you know it, is over. It's over the day that child is born. It's over, and something completely new starts.
People say I'm difficult and sometimes that's a badge of honour.
People teach their dogs to sit; it's a trick. I've been sitting my whole life, and a dog has never looked at me as though he thought I was tricky.
People used to think we just faked all that stuff... it was all written, rehearsed. The fact that it looks as cobbled together as it does is just that we weren't very good.
People who fly into a rage always make a bad landing. ~ Will Rogers
People's minds are changed through observation and not through argument. ~ Will Rogers
Politics has become so expensive that it takes a lot of money even to be defeated. ~ Will Rogers
Politics is applesauce. ~ Will Rogers
Prohibition is better than no liquor at all. ~ Will Rogers
Remember, a dead fish can float downstream, but it takes a live one to swim upstream.
Reminds me of my safari in Africa. Somebody forgot the corkscrew and for several days we had to live on nothing but food and water.
Rice is great if you're really hungry and want to eat two thousand of something.
Set up another case bartender! The best thing for a case of nerves is a case of Scotch.
Show me a great actor and I'll show you a lousy husband. Show me a great actress, and you've seen the devil.
Sleep - the most beautiful experience in life - except drink.
So let's be honest with ourselves and not take ourselves too serious, and never condemn the other fellow for doing what we are doing every day, only in a different way. ~ Will Rogers
Some things are better than sex, and some are worse, but there's nothing exactly like it.
Some weasel took the cork out of my lunch.
Somebody like a Piggy or a Kermit, there needs to be several versions and so there will be several of them.
Sometimes I snore, like when I get really tired.
Somewhere there's a score being kept, so you have an obligation to live life as well as you can, be as engaged as you can.
Spaghetti... I can't eat spaghetti, there's too many of them. No matter how hungry I am, 1,000 of something is too many. I'll have 1,000 pieces of noodles.
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
The 1928 Republican Convention opened with a prayer. If the Lord can see His way clear to bless the Republican Party the way it's been carrying on, then the rest of us ought to get it without even asking. ~ Will Rogers
The United States never lost a war or won a conference. ~ Will Rogers
The best cure for insomnia is to get a lot of sleep.
The best way out of a difficulty is through it. ~ Will Rogers
The biggest problems with movies are expectations.
The clever cat eats cheese and breathes down rat holes with baited breath.
The cost of living has gone up another dollar a quart.
The depressing thing about tennis is that no matter how good I get, I'll never be as good as a wall.
The difference between a Republican and a Democrat is the Democrat is a cannibal they have to live off each other, while the Republicans, why, they live off the Democrats. ~ Will Rogers
The farmer has to be an optimist or he wouldn't still be a farmer. ~ Will Rogers
The fellow that can only see a week ahead is always the popular fellow, for he is looking with the crowd. But the one that can see years ahead, he has a telescope but he can't make anybody believe that he has it. ~ Will Rogers
The income tax has made liars out of more Americans than golf. ~ Will Rogers
The laziest man I ever met put popcorn in his pancakes so they would turn over by themselves.
The man with the best job in the country is the vice-president. All he has to do is get up every morning and say, 'How is the president?' ~ Will Rogers
The more relaxed you are, the better you are at everything: the better you are with your loved ones, the better you are with your enemies, the better you are at your job, the better you are with yourself.
The more that learn to read the less learn how to make a living. That's one thing about a little education. It spoils you for actual work. The more you know the more you think somebody owes you a living. ~ Will Rogers
The more work I do, the more important it is to work with people I like - who are very talented.
The more you observe politics, the more you've got to admit that each party is worse than the other. ~ Will Rogers
The most sophisticated people I know - inside they are all children.
The movies are the only business where you can go out front and applaud yourself. ~ Will Rogers
The only difference between death and taxes is that death doesn't get worse every time Congress meets. ~ Will Rogers
The only time people dislike gossip is when you gossip about them. ~ Will Rogers
The only way you can beat the lawyers is to die with nothing. ~ Will Rogers
The power of the 'Muppets,' and the popularity of these characters, is so iconic in people's lives that I had to distance myself from publicly. Not privately... Privately, hell, I'm with them for life, and I love these people. They're my second family.
The schools ain't what they used to be and never was. ~ Will Rogers
The time to save is now. When a dog gets a bone, he doesn't go out and make a down payment on a bigger bone. He buries the one he's got. ~ Will Rogers
The world is getting to be such a dangerous place, a man is lucky to get out of it alive.
The worst thing that happens to you may be the best thing for you if you don't let it get the best of you. ~ Will Rogers
There are moments when television systems are young and haven't formed properly, and there's room for lots of original stuff. Then things become more and more top-heavy with executives who are trying to guarantee the success of things.
There are only two real ways to get ahead today - sell liquor or drink it.
There are people who drove me crazy, but they got the job done. And when I see that person again, I nod my head. Respect.
There aren't many downsides to being rich, other than paying taxes and having relatives asking for money. But being famous, that's a 24 hour job right there.
There comes a time in the affairs of man when he must take the bull by the tail and face the situation.
There is no more independence in politics than there is in jail. ~ Will Rogers
There is nothing so stupid as the educated man if you get him off the thing he was educated in. ~ Will Rogers
There ought to be one day - just one - when there is open season on senators. ~ Will Rogers
There was a little afternoon show that was called Afternoon. Back in those days in television, most local stations had a midday show for housewives that had a series of things. It was like a variety show for midday.
There was a perverse side of me, with things like Van Helsing coming out. I didn't want to go down that route.
There's a few movies I wanted to do, and I didn't get to do them partly because they wanted me to be part of the horse and pony show, getting the money, and I'm just not doing that. There's a few movies that people wanted me to do, but they were too safe.
There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you. ~ Will Rogers
There's only one thing that can kill the movies, and that's education. ~ Will Rogers
They make Spy Kids, they make Scream, they make A Scary Movie. This doesn't do that, so it could be a very bad marriage. I'm trying to keep this potential nightmare quiet because we're just finishing editing.
Things ain't what they used to be and never were. ~ Will Rogers
Things in our country run in spite of government, not by aid of it. ~ Will Rogers
This country has come to feel the same when Congress is in session as when the baby gets hold of a hammer. ~ Will Rogers
This really should be kept secret, but you can learn a lot by watching the making-of DVDs. Every actor should do it. You figure out what you're dealing with.
This shirt is dry clean only. Which means... it's dirty.
This thing of being a hero, about the main thing to it is to know when to die. ~ Will Rogers
Too many people spend money they haven't earned to buy things they don't want to impress people they don't like. ~ Will Rogers
We are all here for a spell, get all the good laughs you can. ~ Will Rogers
We can't all be heroes, because somebody has to sit on the curb and applaud when they go by. ~ Will Rogers
We did Holy Grail, and I got my name up there as one of the directors. After that, I started moving more and more down the line I wanted to, which was making movies.
We don't seem to be able to check crime, so why not legalize it and then tax it out of business? ~ Will Rogers
We thought it would be fun to try to design a show that would work well internationally and so that' s what we're intending to do with Fraggle Rock, and we are indeed now selling it around the world.
We took up the offer with the BBC, and that was Monty Python's Flying Circus. I didn't have to submit my ideas to the group. I used to turn up on the days we recorded with a can of film under my arm, and in it went.
We will never have true civilization until we have learned to recognize the rights of others. ~ Will Rogers
We're born alone. We do need each other. It's lonely to really effectively live your life, and anyone you can get help from or give help to; that's part of your obligation.
Wearing a turtleneck is like being strangled by a really weak guy, all day. Wearing a backpack and a turtleneck is like a weak midget trying to bring you down.
Well, Detroit Institute is kind of a key - probably the largest permanent collection of puppets in the US.
Well, Hollywood isn't made up of individual studio heads anymore. It's made of corporations. And corporations are looking for the bottom line. They don't want to take chances. They want the money back for stockholders.
What I remember most about the 'Road' movies is my enjoyment at watching the two characters sparring with each other. But more important than that was my feeling that Hope and Crosby were enjoying the sparring, too.
What the country needs is dirtier fingernails and cleaner minds. ~ Will Rogers
When I was a kid, I never saw a puppet show. I never played with puppets or had any interest in them.
When I was young, my ambition was to be one of the people who made a difference in this world. My hope is to leave the world a little better for having been there.
When I work, my first relationship with people is professional.
When The Muppet Show ended, we all sat around and said, what kind of television show would we like to do. We felt the need these days are for some quality children's programming.
When ignorance gets started it knows no bounds. ~ Will Rogers
When should a college athlete turn pro? Not until he has earned all he can in college as an amateur. ~ Will Rogers
When someone hands you a flyer, it's like they're saying here you throw this away.
When the phone started ringing too many times, I had to take it back to what I can handle. I take my chances on a job or a person as opposed to a situation. I don't like to have a situation placed over my head.
When we have lost everything, including hope, life becomes a disgrace, and death a duty.
When you put down the good things you ought to have done, and leave out the bad ones you did do well, that's Memoirs. ~ Will Rogers
When you see grown men near to tears because they've missed hitting a little white ball into a hole from three feet, it makes you laugh.
Whenever I think of the high salaries we are paid as film actors, I think it is for the travel, the time away, and any trouble you get into through being well known. It's not for the acting, that's for sure.
Why don't they pass a constitutional amendment prohibiting anybody from learning anything? If it works as well as prohibition did, in five years Americans would be the smartest race of people on Earth. ~ Will Rogers
Why is Cloud 9 so amazing? What is wrong with Cloud 8? That joke came off the top of my head, and the top of my head ain't funny!
Women are like elephants. I like to look at 'em, but I wouldn't want to own one.
Worrying is like paying on a debt that may never come due. ~ Will Rogers
Y'know, you can't please all the people all the time... and last night, all those people were at my show.
Yeah, I did some small parts in high school and the first year of college and then fairly soon thereafter I settled into the backstage scenery, and then at the University of Maryland I was doing posters for their productions.
Yeah, I think that's sort of the American way. And it's also the Polish way, it turns out.
Yeah, I think we did the term Muppets before we got the show Sam and Friends - a few months after I started working.
Yeah, we pretty much had a form and a shape by that time - a style - and I think one of the advantages of not having any relationship to any other puppeteer was that it gave me a reason to put those together myself for the needs of television.
Yeah, well when I first started working, it was $5 a show; it was probably a little higher by the time I got to my own show, but I remember that they put me under contract at $100 a week, which to me was really an astronomical price.
You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you in a new way. ~ Will Rogers
You can't trust water: Even a straight stick turns crooked in it.
You get trapped by stories. Though I've got this reputation for being out of control, it's not true, it just happens to be a more interesting story than the truth.
You know when they have a fishing show on TV? They catch the fish and then let it go. They don't want to eat the fish, they just want to make it late for something.
You're assisting the audience to understand; you're giving them a bridge or an access. And if you don't give them that, if you keep it more abstract, it's almost more pure. It's a cooler thing.
A captain is not defined by the size of his ship, but by the strength of his crew.
A captain's word is his bond on the high seas.
A good captain is a pirate, a bad captain is a tyrant.
A good pirate loves the adventure more than the gold.
A good pirate never reveals his treasure.
A great adventure awaits in every treacherous tide.
A pirate is a criminal who is simultaneously a hero and a villain.
A pirate is a man who goes about doing evil for the sake of doing evil.
A pirate is a person who engages in piracy. Someone who has undertaken risks.
A pirate looks at 40.
A pirate looks at forty.
A pirate smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection.
A pirate's life is full of risk.
A ship in harbor is safe, but that is not what ships are built for.
A ship is not a ship without a pirate.
A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor.
A sword is useless in the hands of a coward.
A treasure hunt without a map is an adventure worth taking.
Adventure awaits, let us sail!
Adventure is worthwhile in itself.
Adventure is worthwhile.
Adventure may hurt you, but monotony will kill you.
Arr, matey! Life's too short to sail with an anchor.
Born of the sea, bound to the wind.
By a roaring sea we reap our rewards.
By the time you read this, you will be a prisoner to my words.
Dead men tell no tales.
Every man dies, but not every man truly lives.
Every pirate dreams of finding the treasure that sparkles like the stars above.
Every pirate has a treasure, but not every treasure can be found.
Every pirate knows, the journey is the true treasure.
Every ship has its own story, we are just the authors.
Feeling like a pirate again! I'm coming for your treasures!
For the highest books to pay a pirate's dues, they would always be worth the trouble.
Fortune favors the bold, especially the bold pirate!
Here's to a lifetime of adventure and plundering!
I am a pirate, a sailor of seas, and a joker of jokes.
I am a pirate, and I have my code.
I have the sea in my veins, I am not afraid of storms.
I must be a mermaid, Rower, I stir the sea, like a body in the water.
I never wanted to be a pirate. It just happened.
If you don't dive in, you won't find the treasure.
If you don't like the sea, then you don't know how to sail!
In the end, we all die. But the brave die standing.
In the game of life, it's often the pirates who score the greatest treasures.
It is better to be a pirate than to join the navy.
It is not the ship so much as the skillful sailing that assures the prosperity of the voyage.
I'd rather be a pirate than join the navy.
I'm a pirate trapped in a corporate man's body!
I'm a pirate. I have been known to walk the plank and swing from ropes.
I'm a pirate. I've got a parrot, a peg leg, and a treasure chest. What more do you want?
I'm not a pirate; I'm an adventurer with a license to explore.
Laughter is the best treasure in a pirate's chest.
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.
Life's a storm; you will bask in the sunlight one moment, be shattered on the rocks the next. What makes you a pirate is what you do when the storm hits.
Live the life of a pirate, but keep a heart of gold.
Not all treasure is silver and gold, mate.
One day we'll plunder and hoist the black flag!
Only dead fish go with the flow.
Piracy didn't always mean robbing ships; it also meant disobeying every rule and breaking every moral code.
Piracy is a crime of opportunity, like an open window or an unlocked car door.
Piracy is not a crime; it's a way of life!
Pirates are not afraid of death; they face it every day.
Plunder and pillage, that's just the way of the sea.
Plunder wisely, matey!
Real pirates are always in my drink.
Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails.
Sail away with me, into the night.
Sailing is a way of life. The other ships are our brother-in-arms.
Sailing the open sea can be a cure for anything.
Sailing the seas with freedom in our hearts.
The code is more what you'd call 'guidelines' than actual rules.
The greatest danger before us is not folly but the complacency of our own dreams.
The greatest pleasures are only purchased at the price of trouble.
The greatest treasures are not always found in chests.
The greatest voyages are made in stormy seas.
The heart of a pirate beats for freedom and adventure.
The ocean calls to what is left of my heart.
The only limits to your pirate adventures are the horizons.
The pirate code is more of a guideline than an actual rule.
The pirate is a poet, and the sea his canvas.
The pirate's heart beats to the rhythm of the waves.
The pirate's way is not the easy way, but it leads to the best treasures.
The sea is a brutal mistress.
The sea is a cruel mistress.
The sea is my mistress, and the wind is my friend.
The sea is the only place on earth where a man can be free.
The sea, once it casts its spell, holds one in its net of wonder forever.
The tide turns for those who dare to sail.
The wind in our sails and the sun on our backs, we are free as the waves.
The winds and the waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.
The world is filled with treasure, if you dare to plunder!
There are no rules; we're pirates! We just kill the bad guys and take their stuff!
There be monsters here.
There is a fine line between a pirate and a privateer.
There is nothing more alluring than a pirate's life - freedom, adventure, and romance!
There's a fine line between fishing and just standing on the shore like an idiot.
To a good sailor, the sea is scary, but a pirate, he craves that thrill.
To be a pirate is to be free.
To be a pirate requires either a love for the sea or a thirst for adventure!
To err is human, to Arr is pirate.
To live like a pirate, you'd need to dream like a sailor.
Treasure is not always material; sometimes it is the adventure itself.
Treasure the moment, for it may be the last time you sail these waters.
We are all here on borrowed time, so let's make it legendary!
We are sailors, not soldiers.
We're not trying to say we're pirates, but we aren't trying to act like we don't have a pirate mentality.
What we hope ever to do with ease, we must first learn to do with diligence.
What's a pirate's favorite letter? You might think it's R, but it's the C.
When we say 'pirate', we mean 'freedom'.
Wherever ye go, bring a little treasure with ye.
Wherever you find a treasure map, you will find pirates.
Wind in our sails, gold in our pockets, and adventure in our hearts.
Yo ho ho and a bottle of rum!
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me!
You can take the pirate out of the sea, but you can't take the sea out of the pirate.
You can take the pirate out of the ship, but you can't take the ship out of the pirate.
You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy.
All of us have special ones who have loved us into being. ~ Fred Rogers
All of us, at some time or other, need help. Whether were giving or receiving help, each one of us has something valuable to bring to this world. Thats one of the things that connects us as neighborsin our own way, each one of us is a giver and a receiver.
All our lives, we rework the things from our childhood, like feeling good about ourselves, managing our angry feelings, being able to say good-bye to people we love.
All were ever asked to do in this life is to treat our neighborespecially our neighbor who is in needexactly as we would hope to be treated ourselves. Thats our ultimate responsibility.
Anyone who does anything to help a child in his life is a hero to me.
Anyone who has ever been able to sustain good work has had at least one person--and often many--who have believed in him or her. We just don't get to be competent human beings without a lot of different investments from others.
Being able to resolve conflicts peacefully is one of the greatest strengths we can give our children. ~ Mister Rogers
Both Joanne and I can recall many times when we wish we'd said or done something different. But we didn't, and we've learned not to feel too guilty about that. What gives me my good feelings is that we always cared and always tried to do our best. ~ Fred Rogers
But how do we make goodness attractive? By doing whatever we can do to bring courage to those whose lives move near our own--by treating our 'neighbor' at least as well as we treat ourselves and allowing that to inform everything that we produce.
Children are to be respected and I respect them deeply. They've taught me an awful lot. ~ Fred Rogers
Children aren't responsible for wars. ~ Fred Rogers
Deep and simple are far, far more important than shallow and complicated and fancy. ~ Fred Rogers
Discovering the truth about ourselves is a lifetimes work, but its worth the effort.
Everyone longs to be loved. And the greatest thing we can do is to let people know that they are loved and capable of loving.
Fame is a four letter word and like tape, or zoom, or face, or pain, or life, or love, what ultimately matters is what we do with it. ~ Fred Rogers
Feeling good about ourselves is essential in our being able to love others.
How many times have you noticed that its the little quiet moments in the midst of life that seem to give the rest extra-special meaning?
How sad it is that we give up on people who are just like us. ~ Fred Rogers
Human beings need to feel that they are lovable and capable of loving. ~ Fred Rogers
I believe that appreciation is a holy thing, that when we look for what's best in the person we happen to be with at the moment, we're doing what God does; so in appreciating our neighbor, we're participating in something truly sacred. ~ Fred Rogers
I believe that appreciation is a holy thing--that when we look for what's best in a person we happen to be with at the moment, we're doing what God does all the time. So in loving and appreciating our neighbor, we're participating in something sacred.
I believe that those of us who are the producers and purveyors of television, I believe that we are the servants of this nation. ~ Fred Rogers
I do think that young children can spot a phony a mile away. ~ Fred Rogers
I don't think anyone can grow unless he's loved exactly as he is now, appreciated for what he is rather than what he will be.
I don't think that the basics that kids need have changed in 10,000 years. ~ Fred Rogers
I have long believed that the way to know a spiritual sense is to know it in our real life. I think the best way to understand about God and peace is to know about peace in our everyday lives.
I hope you're proud of yourself for the times you've said "yes," when all it meant was extra work for you and was seemingly helpful only to someone else.
I like to compare the holiday season with the way a child listens to a favorite story. The pleasure is in the familiar way the story begins, the anticipation of familiar turns it takes, the familiar moments of suspense, and the familiar climax and ending.
I like to compare the holiday season with the way a child listens to a favorite story. The pleasure is in the familiar way the story begins, the anticipation of familiar turns it takes, the familiar moments of suspense, and the familiar climax and ending. ~ Fred Rogers
I must be an emotional archaeologist because I keep looking for the roots of things, particularly the roots of behavior and why I feel certain ways about certain things.
I think everybody longs to be loved and longs to know that he or she is lovable. And, consequently, the greatest thing that we can do is to help somebody know that they're loved and capable of loving. ~ Fred Rogers
I think of discipline as the continual everyday process of helping a child learn self-discipline. ~ Fred Rogers
I think that those who would try to make you feel less than who you are, I think that's the greatest evil.
I'm fairly convinced that the Kingdom of God is for the broken-hearted. You write of 'powerlessness.' Join the club, we are not in control. God is.
I'm proud of you for the times you came in second, or third, or fourth, but what you did was the best you have ever done
If only you could sense how important you are to the lives of those you meet; how important you can be to people you may never even dream of. There is something of yourself that you leave at every meeting with another person. ~ Fred Rogers
If the day ever came when we were able to accept ourselves and our children exactly as we and they are, then, I believe, we would have come very close to an ultimate understanding of what 'good' parenting means. ~ Fred Rogers
If we can bring our children understanding, comfort, and hopefulness when they need this kind of support, then they are more likely to grow into adults who can find these resources within themselves later on. (from the introduction)
If you could only sense how important you are to the lives of those you meet; how important you can be to the people you may never even dream of. There is something of yourself that you leave at every meeting with another person.
In a young child's mind, parents probably condone what's on the television, just like they choose what's in the refrigerator or on the stove. That's why we who make television for children must be especially careful.
In my own life, as the nearer I get to the end of life on this earth, the simpler I want to become. ~ Fred Rogers
In times of stress, the best thing we can do for each other is to listen with our ears and our hearts and to be assured that our questions are just as important as our answers.
It isn't only famous movie stars who want to be alone. Whenever I hear someone speak of privacy, I find myself thinking once again how real and deep the need for such times is for all human beings . . . at all ages.
It's a mistake to think that we have to be lovely to be loved by human beings or by God
It's a mistake to think we have to be lovely to be loved by humans beings or by God.
It's good to be curious about many things. ~ Mister Rogers
It's not the honors and not the titles and not the power that is of ultimate importance. It's what resides inside. ~ Fred Rogers
It's not the honors and the prizes and the fancy outsides of life that ultimately nourish our souls. It's the knowing that we can be trusted, that we never have to fear the truth, that the bedrock of our very being is firm.
It's not the honors and the prizes and the fancy outsides of life which ultimately nourish our souls. It's the knowing that we can be trusted, that we never have to fear the truth, that the bedrock of our very being is good stuff.
It's not the honors and the prizes and the fancy outsides of life which ultimately nourish our souls. It's the knowing that we can be trusted, that we never have to fear the truth, that the bedrock of our very being is good stuff. ~ Fred Rogers
It's our insides that make us who we are, that allow us to dream and wonder and feel for others. That's what's essential. That's what will always make the biggest difference in our world. ~ Fred Rogers
It's really easy to fall into the trap of believing that what we do is more important than what we are. Of course, it's the opposite that's true: What we are ultimately determines what we do!
It's the people we love the most who can make us feel the gladdest ... and the maddest! Love and anger are such a puzzle!
It's very dramatic when two people come together to work something out. It's easy to take a gun and annihilate your opposition, but what is really exciting to me is to see people with differing views come together and finally respect each other.
Its very important, no matter what you may do professionally, to keep alive some of the healthy interests of your youth. Childrens play is not just kids stuff. Childrens play is rather the stuff of most future inventions.
Jane Addams, writing about her Twenty Years at Hull House, said, People did not want to hear about simple things. They wanted to hear about great things simply told.
Just because somebody wants to be alone sometimes, it doesn't mean they don't love you. ~ Fred Rogers
Justice is taking care of those who aren't able to take care of themselves. ~ Fred Rogers
Kenneth Koch once said, You arent just the age you are. You are all the ages you ever have been!
Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people.
Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people. ~ Fred Rogers
Life is deep and simple, and what our society gives us is shallow and complicated.
Life is for service.
Listening and trying to understand the needs of those we would communicate with seems to me to be the essential prerequisite of any real communication. And we might as well aim for real communication.
Listening is where love begins: listening to ourselves and then to our neighbors.
Little by little we human beings are confronted with situations that give us more and more clues that we are not perfect.
Little by little we human beings are confronted with situations that give us more and more clues that we aren't perfect. ~ Fred Rogers
Love and success, always in that order. It's that simple AND that difficult.
Love and trust, in the space between whats said and whats heard in our life, can make all the difference in the world.
Love is like infinity: You can't have more or less infinity, and you can't compare two things to see if they're "equally infinite." Infinity just is, and that's the way I think love is, too.
Love isn't a perfect state of caring. It's an active noun, like 'struggle.' ~ Fred Rogers
Love isn't a state of perfect caring. It is an active noun like struggle. To love someone is to strive to accept that person exactly the way he or she is, right here and now.
Mutual caring relationships require kindness and patience, tolerance, optimism, joy in the other's achievements, confidence in oneself, and the ability to give without undue thought of gain.
No matter where they are, either here or in heaven, imagine how pleased those people must be to know that you thought of them right now.
Often out of periods of losing come the greatest strivings toward a new winning streak.
Often when you think you're at the end of something, you're at the beginning of something else.
One of the most important gifts a parent can give a child is the gift of accepting that child's uniqueness. ~ Fred Rogers
One of the strongest things I have had to wrestle with in my life is the significance of the longing for perfection in oneself and in the people bound to the self by friendship or parenthood or childhood.
One of the universal fears of childhood is the fear of not having value in the eyes of the people whom we admire so much.
Our society is much more interested in information than wonder, in noise rather than silence...And I feel that we need a lot more wonder and a lot more silence in our lives
Our world hangs like a magnificent jewel in the vastness of space. Every one of us is a part of that jewel. A facet of that jewel. And in the perspective of infinity, our differences are infinitesimal. ~ Fred Rogers
Out of difference can come the reinforcement of two important values. One is tolerance and the other is awareness that people who disagree over the things they hold dear really can live together in love and respect.
Parents are like shuttles on a loom. They join the threads of the past with threads of the future and leave their own bright patterns as they go. ~ Fred Rogers
Peace means far more than the opposite of war.
Play is often talked about as if it were a relief from serious learning. But for children play is serious learning. Play is really the work of childhood.
Play is often talked about as if it were a relief from serious learning. But for children play is serious learning. Play is really the work of childhood. ~ Fred Rogers
Pretending doesn't require expensive toys.
Real strength has to do with helping others.
Solitude is different from loneliness, and it doesn't have to be a lonely kind of thing.
Some days, doing "the best we can" may still fall short of what we would like to be able to do, but life isn't perfect on any front-and doing what we can with what we have is the most we should expect of ourselves or anyone else. ~ Mister Rogers
Sometimes people are good, and they do just what they should. But the very same people who are good sometimes are the very same people who are bad sometimes. It's funny but it's true. Its the same isn't it, for me and . . . ~ Mister Rogers
Taking care is one way to show your love. Another way is letting people take good care of you when you need it.
The child is in me still and sometimes not so still.
The connections we make in the course of a life--maybe that's what heaven is.
The greatest gift you ever give is your honest self.
The kingdom of God is for the broken hearted
The media shows the tiniest percentage of what people do. There are millions and millions of people doing wonderful things all over the world, and theyre generally not the ones being touted in the news.
The more we can be in a relationship with those who might seem strange to us, the more we can feel like we're neighbors and all members of the human family. ~ Fred Rogers
The number 143 means 'I love you.' It takes one letter to say 'I' and four letters to say 'love' and three letters to say 'you.' One hundred and forty-three. 'I love you.' Isn't that wonderful? ~ Fred Rogers
The only thing evil cant stand is forgiveness.
The space between the television set and the viewer is holy ground. ~ Fred Rogers
The thing I remember best about successful people I've met all through the years is their obvious delight in what they're doing and it seems to have very little to do with worldly success. They just love what they're doing, and they love it in front of others.
The whole idea is to look at the television camera and present as much love as you possibly could to a person who might feel that he or she needs it. ~ Fred Rogers
The world is not always a kind place. That's something all children learn for themselves, whether we want them to or not, but it's something they really need our help to understand. ~ Fred Rogers
The world needs a sense of worth, and it will achieve it only by its people feeling that they are worthwhile.
There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.
There are times when explanations, no matter how reasonable, just don't seem to help.
There is no normal life that is free of pain. It's the very wrestling with our problems that can be the impetus for our growth.
There's a world of difference between insisting on someone's doing something and establishing an atmosphere in which that person can grow into wanting to do it.
There's no "should" or "should not" when it comes to having feelings. They're part of who we are and their origins are beyond our control. When we can believe that, we may find it easier to make constructive choices about what to do with those feelings.
Theres a part of all of us that longs to know that even whats weakest about us is still redeemable and can ultimately count for something good.
To love someone is to strive to accept that person exactly the way he or she is, right here and now. ~ Fred Rogers
Try your best to make goodness attractive. That's one of the toughest assignments you'll ever be given.
Vermont is a small state which makes an enormous difference. ~ Fred Rogers
We all have different gifts, so we all have different ways of saying to the world who we are.
We get so wrapped up in numbers in our society. The most important thing is that we are able to be one-to-one, you and I with each other at the moment. If we can be present to the moment with the person that we happen to be with, that's what's important.
We live in a world in which we need to share responsibility. It's easy to say "It's not my child, not my community, not my world, not my problem." Then there are those who see the need and respond. I consider those people my heroes.
We need to help people to discover the true meaning of love. Love is generally confused with dependence. Those of us who have grown in true love know that we can love only in proportion to our capacity for independence.
We speak with more than our mouths. We listen with more than our ears.
Well, life isn't cheap. It's the greatest mystery of any millennium, and television needs to do all it can to broadcast that...to show and tell what the good in life is all about.
What do you think it is that drives people to want far more than they could ever use or need? I frankly think it's insecurity. How do we let the world know that the trappings of this life are not the things that are ultimately important for being accepted? ~ Fred Rogers
Whatever we choose to imagine can be as private as we want it to be. Nobody knows what you're thinking or feeling unless you share it.
When I first saw children's television, I thought it was perfectly horrible. And I thought there was some way of using this fabulous medium to be of nurture to those who would watch and listen. ~ Fred Rogers
When I think of Robert Frost's poems, like "The Road Not Taken", I feel the support of someone who is on my side, who understands what life's choices are like, someone who says, "I've been there, and it's okay to go on".
When I was a boy and I would see scary things in the news, my mother would say to me, "Look for the helpers. You will always find people who are helping.
When I was a boy and I would see scary things in the news, my mother would say to me, 'Look for the helpers. You will always find people who are helping.' ~ Fred Rogers
When we look for what's best in the person we happen to be with at the moment, we're doing what God does, so in appreciating our neighbor, we're participating in something truly sacred. ~ Fred Rogers
When we love a person, we accept him or her exactly as is: the lovely with the unlovely, the strong with the fearful, the true mixed in with the faade, and of course, the only way we can do it is by accepting ourselves that way.
When we treat children's play as seriously as it deserves, we are helping them feel the joy that's to be found in the creative spirit. It's the things we play with and the people who help us play that make a great difference in our lives.
Whether we're a preschooler or a young teen, a graduating college senior or a retired person, we human beings all want to know that we're acceptable, that our being alive somehow makes a difference in the lives of others.
Who we are in the present includes who we were in the past.
Who you are inside is what helps you make and do everything in life.
Yes, when I was here the first word of the alma mater was 'Men...Men of Dartmouth, give a rouse...' Well, now the first word is 'Dear.' Some things change for the better. ~ Fred Rogers
You are a very special person. There is only one like you in the whole world. There's never been anyone exactly like you before, and there will never be again. Only you. And people can like you exactly as you are.
You are a very special person. There is only one like you in the whole world. Theres never been anyone exactly like you before, and there never will be again. Only you. And people can like you exactly as you are.
You can think about things and make believe. All you have to do is think and they'll grow. ~ Mister Rogers
You can't really love someone else unless you really love yourself first.
You know, I think everybody longs to be loved, and longs to know that he or she is lovable. And consequently, the greatest thing we can do is to help somebody know that they are loved and capable of loving.
You know, I think everybody longs to be loved, and longs to know that he or she is lovable. And, consequently, the greatest thing that we can do is to help somebody know that they're loved and capable of loving. ~ Fred Rogers
You know, you don't have to look like everybody else to be acceptable and to feel acceptable. ~ Fred Rogers
You rarely have time for everything you want in this life, so you need to make choices. And hopefully your choices can come from a deep sense of who you are.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #1 Pillage, then burn.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #10 Sometimes the only way out is through. . . through the hull.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #11 Everything is air-droppable at least once.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #12 A soft answer turneth away wrath. Once wrath is looking the other way, shoot it in the head.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #13 Do unto others.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #14 "Mad Science" means never stopping to ask "what's the worst thing that could happen?"
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #15 Only you can prevent friendly fire.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #16 Your name is in the mouth of others: be sure it has teeth.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #17 The longer everything goes according to plan, the bigger the impending disaster.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #18 If the officers are leading from in front, watch out for an attack from the rear.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #19 The world is richer when you turn enemies into friends, but that's not the same as you being richer.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #2 A Sergeant in motion outranks a Lieutenant who doesn't know what's going on.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #20 If you're not willing to shell your own position, you're not willing to win.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #21 Give a man a fish, feed him for a day. Take his fish away and tell him he's lucky just to be alive, and he'll figure out how to catch another one for you to take tomorrow.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #22 If you can see the whites of their eyes, somebody's done something wrong.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #23 The company mess and friendly fire should be easier to tell apart
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #24 Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a big gun.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #25 If the damage you do is covered by a manufacturers warranty, you didn't do enough damage. Amended: If a manufacturer's warranty covers the damage you did, you didn't do enough damage.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #26 "Fire and Forget" is fine, provided you never actually forget.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #27 Don't be afraid to be the first to resort to violence.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #28 If the price of collateral damage is high enough, you might be able to get paid for bringing ammunition home with you.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #29 The enemy of my enemy is my enemy's enemy. No more. No less.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #3 An ordnance technician at a dead run outranks everybody.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #30 A little trust goes a long way. The less you use, the further you'll go.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #31 Only cheaters prosper.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #32 Anything is amphibious if you can get it back out of the water.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #33 If you're leaving tracks, you're being followed.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #34 If you're leaving scorch-marks, you need a bigger gun.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #35 That which does not kill you has made a tactical error. Amended: That which does not kill me has made a tactical error.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #36 When the going gets tough, the tough call for close air support.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #37 There is no 'overkill.' There is only 'open fire' and 'I need to reload.' Amended: There is no "overkill." There is only "open fire" and "reload."
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #38 Just because it's easy for you doesn't mean it can't be hard on your clients. Amended: What's easy for you can still be hard on your clients.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #39 There is a difference between spare parts and extra [parts].
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #4 Close air support covereth a multitude of sins.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #40 Not all good news is enemy action.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #41 "Do you have a backup?" means "I can't fix this."
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #42 "They'll never expect this" means "I want to try something stupid."
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #43 If it's stupid and it works, it's still stupid and you're lucky.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #44 If it will blow a hole in the ground, it will double as an entrenching tool.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #45 The size of the combat bonus is inversely proportional to the likelihood of surviving to collect it.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #46 Don't try to save money by conserving ammunition.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #47 Don't expect the enemy to cooperate in the creation of your dream engagement.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #48 If it ain't broke, it hasn't been issued to the infantry.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #49 Every client is one missed payment away from becoming a target and every target is one bribe away from becoming a client.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #5 Close air support and friendly fire should be easier to tell apart.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #50 If it only works in exactly the way the manufacturer intended, it is defective.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #51 Let them see you sharpen the sword before you fall on it.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #52 The army you've got is never the army you want.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #53 The intel you've got is never the intel you want.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #54 The best way to win a one-on-one fight is to be the third to arrive. Amended: It's only too many troops if you can't pay them.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #55 It's only too many weapons if they're pointing in the wrong direction.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #56 Infantry exists to paint targets for people with real guns.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #57 Artillery exists to launch large chunks of budget at an enemy it cannot actually see.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #58 The pen is mightiest when it writes orders for more swords.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #59 "Two wrongs is probably not going to be enough."
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #6 If violence wasn't your last resort, you failed to resort to enough of it.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #60 Any weapon's rate of fire is inversely proportional to the number of available targets.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #61 Don't bring big grenades into small rooms.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #62 Anything labeled "This end toward enemy" is dangerous at both ends.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #63 The brass knows how to do it by knowing who can do it.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #64 An ounce of sniper is worth a pound of suppressing fire.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #65 After the toss, be the one with the pin, not the one with the grenade.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #66 Necessity is the mother of deception.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #67 If you can't carry cash, carry a weapon.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #69 Sometimes rank is a function of firepower.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #7 If the food is good enough, the grunts will stop complaining about the incoming fire.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #70 Failure is not an option - it is mandatory. The option is whether or not to let failure be the last thing you do.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #8 Mockery and derision have their place. Usually, it's on the far side of the airlock.
The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries #9 Never turn your back on an enemy.
A friend of mine is into Voodoo Acupuncture. You don't have to go. You'll just be walking down the street and... Ooohh, that's much better.
A lot of people are afraid of heights. Not me. I'm afraid of widths.
A possum must be himself, and being himself he is honest.
"A power so great, it can only be used for Good or Evil!"
All men are mortal. Socrates was mortal. Therefore, all men are Socrates.
And now for something completely different.
And now for something completely the same.
"Are you sure you're not an encyclopedia salesman?" No, Ma'am. Just a burglar, come to ransack the flat."
As the poet said, "Only God can make a tree" -- probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.
Being Ymor's right-hand man was like being gently flogged to death with scented bootlaces.
Bernard Shaw is an excellent man; he has not an enemy in the world, and none of his friends like him either.
"Boy, life takes a long time to live."
But I always fired into the nearest hill or, failing that, into blackness. I meant no harm; I just liked the explosions. And I was careful never to kill more than I could eat.
"But I don't like Spam!!!!"
"But I don't want to go on the cart..." "Oh, don't be such a baby!" "But I'm feeling much better..." "No you're not... in a moment you'll be stone dead!"
Comedy, like Medicine, was never meant to be practiced by the general public.
Death didn't answer. He was looking at Spold in the same way as a dog looks at a bone, only in this case things were more or less the other way around.
Decorate your home. It gives the illusion that your life is more interesting than it really is.
Do you think that when they asked George Washington for ID that he just whipped out a quarter?
Don't take life so serious, son, it ain't nohow permanent.
Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It's already tomorrow in Australia.
Early to rise, early to bed, makes a man healthy, wealthy and dead.
Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.
Eternity is a terrible thought. I mean, where's it going to end?
For my birthday I got a humidifier and a de-humidifier... I put them in the same room and let them fight it out.
From the moment I picked your book up until I put it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it.
God is a comic playing to an audience that's afraid to laugh.
He asked me if I knew what time it was -- I said yes, but not right now.
"Here's something to think about: How come you never see a headline like `Psychic Wins Lottery'?"
Hey, what do you expect from a culture that *drives* on *parkways* and *parks* on *driveways*?
"Humor is a drug which it's the fashion to abuse."
Humorists always sit at the children's table.
I am a conscientious man, when I throw rocks at seabirds I leave no tern unstoned.
I am getting into abstract painting. Real abstract -- no brush, no canvas, I just think about it. I just went to an art museum where all of the art was done by children. All the paintings were hung on refrigerators.
I am two with nature.
I argue very well. Ask any of my remaining friends. I can win an argument on any topic, against any opponent. People know this, and steer clear of me at parties. Often, as a sign of their great respect, they don't even invite me.
"I assure you the thought never even crossed my mind, lord." "Indeed? Then if I were you I'd sue my face for slander."
I base my fashion taste on what doesn't itch.
I bought some used paint. It was in the shape of a house.
"I changed my headlights the other day. I put in strobe lights instead! Now when I drive at night, it looks like everyone else is standing still ..."
I could dance with you till the cows come home. On second thought, I'd rather dance with the cows till you come home.
I don't deserve this award, but I have arthritis and I don't deserve that either.
I don't get no respect.
I don't kill flies, but I like to mess with their minds. I hold them above globes. They freak out and yell "Whooa, I'm *way* too high."
I don't want to live on in my work, I want to live on in my apartment.
I finally went to the eye doctor. I got contacts. I only need them to read, so I got flip-ups.
I got my driver's license photo taken out of focus on purpose. Now when I get pulled over the cop looks at it (moving it nearer and farther, trying to see it clearly)... and says, "Here, you can go."
I got this powdered water -- now I don't know what to add.
I had no shoes and I pitied myself. Then I met a man who had no feet, so I took his shoes.
I hate it when my foot falls asleep during the day cause that means it's going to be up all night.
I have a dog; I named him Stay. So when I'd go to call him, I'd say, "Here, Stay, here..." but he got wise to that. Now when I call him he ignores me and just keeps on typing.
I have a friend whose a billionaire. He invented Cliff's notes. When I asked him how he got such a great idea he said, "Well first I... I just... to make a long story short..."
I have a hobby. I have the world's largest collection of sea shells. I keep it scattered on beaches all over the world. Maybe you've seen some of it.
I have a map of the United States. It's actual size. I spent last summer folding it. People ask me where I live, and I say, "E6".
I have a rock garden. Last week three of them died.
I have a switch in my apartment that doesn't do anything. Every once in a while I turn it on and off. On and off. On and off. One day I got a call from a woman in France who said "Cut it out!"
I have an existential map. It has "You are here" written all over it.
I just got out of the hospital after a speed reading accident. I hit a bookmark.
I know the answer! The answer lies within the heart of all mankind! The answer is twelve? I think I'm in the wrong building.
I look at life as being cruise director on the Titanic. I may not get there, but I'm going first class.
"I love Saturday morning cartoons, what classic humour! This is what entertainment is all about ... Idiots, explosives and falling anvils."
I met my latest girl friend in a department store. She was looking at clothes, and I was putting Slinkys on the escalators.
I never forget a face, but in your case I'll make an exception.
I poured spot remover on my dog. Now he's gone.
I put contact lenses in my dog's eyes. They had little pictures of cats on them. Then I took one out and he ran around in circles.
I put instant coffee in a microwave and almost went back in time.
"I said I hope it is a good party," said Galder, loudly. "AT THE MOMENT IT IS," said Death levelly. "I THINK IT MIGHT GO DOWNHILL VERY QUICKLY AT MIDNIGHT." "Why?" "THAT'S WHEN THEY THINK I'LL BE TAKING MY MASK OFF."
I saw a subliminal advertising executive, but only for a second.
I should have been a country-western singer. After all, I'm older than most western countries.
I sold my memoirs of my love life to Parker Brothers -- they're going to make a game out of it.
I stayed up all night playing poker with tarot cards. I got a full house and four people died.
I think we're all Bozos on this bus.
I thought there was something fishy about the butler. Probably a Pisces, working for scale.
I took a course in speed reading and was able to read War and Peace in twenty minutes. It's about Russia.
I used to work in a fire hydrant factory. You couldn't park anywhere near the place.
I was at this restaurant. The sign said "Breakfast Anytime." So I ordered French Toast in the Rennaissance.
I was in Vegas last week. I was at the roulette table, having a lengthy argument about what I considered an Odd number.
I was the best I ever had.
"I went into a general store, and they wouldn't sell me anything specific".
"I went to the museum where they had all the heads and arms from the statues that are in all the other museums."
I worked in a health food store once. A guy came in and asked me, "If I melt dry ice, can I take a bath without getting wet?"
I'd horsewhip you if I had a horse.
I'd never join any club that would have the likes of me as a member.
I'll be comfortable on the couch. Famous last words.
I'm going to Boston to see my doctor. He's a very sick man.
I'm going to give my psychoanalyst one more year, then I'm going to Lourdes.
I'm going to live forever, or die trying!
I'm not afraid of death -- I just don't want to be there when it happens.
If God had wanted us to be concerned for the plight of the toads, he would have made them cute and furry.
If only Dionysus were alive! Where would he eat?
If only God would give me some clear sign! Like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank.
If you live to the age of a hundred you have it made because very few people die past the age of a hundred.
If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.
If you've done six impossible things before breakfast, why not round it off with dinner at Milliway's, the restaurant at the end of the universe?
In like a dimwit, out like a light.
Is it weird in here, or is it just me?
It is impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune.
It looked like something resembling white marble, which was probably what it was: something resembling white marble.
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to have to paint it.
It's hard to get ivory in Africa, but in Alabama the Tuscaloosa.
It's not that I'm afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Last night the power went out. Good thing my camera had a flash.... The neighbors thought it was lightning in my house, so they called the cops.
Last year we drove across the country... We switched on the driving... every half mile. We had one cassette tape to listen to on the entire trip. I don't remember what it was.
Life is divided into the horrible and the miserable.
Life is wasted on the living.
Man 1: Ask me the what the most important thing about telling a good joke is. Man 2: OK, what is the most impo -- Man 1: TIMING!
Many years ago in a period commonly know as Next Friday Afternoon, there lived a King who was very Gloomy on Tuesday mornings because he was so Sad thinking about how Unhappy he had been on Monday and how completely Mournful he would be on Wednesday....
My brother sent me a postcard the other day with this big satellite photo of the entire earth on it. On the back it said: "Wish you were here".
My friend has a baby. I'm writing down all the noises he makes so later I can ask him what he meant.
Nietzsche says that we will live the same life, over and over again. God -- I'll have to sit through the Ice Capades again.
Nirvana? That's the place where the powers that be and their friends hang out.
Now is the time for all good men to come to.
One doesn't have a sense of humor. It has you.
Outside of a dog, a book is a man's best friend. Inside a dog it's too dark to read.
"Right now I'm having amnesia and deja vu at the same time."
Rincewind formed a mental picture of some strange entity living in a castle made of teeth. It was the kind of mental picture you tried to forget. Unsuccessfully.
Romeo wasn't bilked in a day.
Sharks are as tough as those football fans who take their shirts off during games in Chicago in January, only more intelligent.
Showing up is 80% of life.
Thank goodness modern convenience is a thing of the remote future.
The best way to make a fire with two sticks is to make sure one of them is a match.
The buffalo isn't as dangerous as everyone makes him out to be. Statistics prove that in the United States more Americans are killed in automobile accidents than are killed by buffalo.
The grand leap of the whale up the Fall of Niagara is esteemed, by all who have seen it, as one of the finest spectacles in nature.
The other day I... uh, no, that wasn't me.
"The pyramid is opening!" "Which one?" "The one with the ever-widening hole in it!"
There comes a time in the affairs of a man when he has to take the bull by the tail and face the situation.
There's no easy quick way out, we're gonna have to live through our whole lives, win, lose, or draw.
There's so much plastic in this culture that vinyl leopard skin is becoming an endangered synthetic.
Things will get better despite our efforts to improve them.
This land is full of trousers! this land is full of mausers! And pussycats to eat them when the sun goes down!
Time is an illusion, lunchtime doubly so.
Twenty Percent of Zero is Better than Nothing.
We have met the enemy, and he is us.
We is confronted with insurmountable opportunities.
What if everything is an illusion and nothing exists? In that case, I definitely overpaid for my carpet.
What if nothing exists and we're all in somebody's dream? Or what's worse, what if only that fat guy in the third row exists?
What is comedy? Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making them puke.
What's another word for "thesaurus"?
When I was crossing the border into Canada, they asked if I had any firearms with me. I said, "Well, what do you need?"
When I was little, I went into a pet shop and they asked how big I'd get.
When I woke up this morning, my girlfriend asked if I had slept well. I said, "No, I made a few mistakes."
Where humor is concerned there are no standards -- no one can say what is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will.
Why is the alphabet in that order? Is it because of that song?
Will Rogers never met you.
Winny and I lived in a house that ran on static electricity... If you wanted to run the blender, you had to rub balloons on your head... if you wanted to cook, you had to pull off a sweater real quick...
Would you *really* want to get on a non-stop flight?
You can't have everything. Where would you put it?
You may already be a loser. -- Form letter received by Rodney Dangerfield.
You'd better beat it. You can leave in a taxi. If you can't get a taxi, you can leave in a huff. If that's too soon, you can leave in a minute and a huff.
You're a good example of why some animals eat their young.
This Christmas, the meek shall inherit the action!
The whole of life is just like watching a film. Only it's as though you always get in ten minutes after the big picture has started, and no-one will tell you the plot, so you have to work it out all yourself from the clues.
Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time.
I'd rather be a rising ape than a falling angel.
Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one.
Fantasy is an exercise bicycle for the mind. It might not take you anywhere, but it tones up the muscles that can.
The presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those who think they've found it.
There are times in life when people must know when not to let go. Balloons are designed to teach small children this.
The entire universe has been neatly divided into things to (a) mate with, (b) eat, (c) run away from, and (d) rocks.
If you don't turn your life into a story, you just become a part of someone else's story.
The truth may be out there, but the lies are inside your head.
Goodness is about what you do. Not who you pray to.
I have no use for people who have learned the limits of the possible.
A marriage is always made up of two people who are prepared to swear that only the other one snores
Geography is just physics slowed down, with a couple of trees stuck in it
Give a man a fire and he's warm for the day. But set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life
In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods. They have not forgotten this.
The space between the young readers eyeballs and the printed page is a holy place and officialdom should trample all over it at their peril
Dickens, as you know, never got round to starting his home page
I once absent-mindedly ordered Three Mile Island dressing in a restaurant and, with great presence of mind, they brought Thousand Island Dressing and a bottle of chili sauce
Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages.
The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
Taxation is just a sophisticated way of demanding money with menaces.
The pen is mightier than the sword if the sword is very short, and the pen is very sharp.
Most of the great triumphs and tragedies of history are caused not by people being fundamentally good or fundamentally evil, but by people being fundamentally people.
It is well known that a vital ingredient of success is not knowing that what you're attempting can't be done.
Human beings make life so interesting. Do you know, that in a universe so full of wonders, they have managed to invent boredom.
Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it. If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere, with a sign on it saying 'End-of-the-World Switch. PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH', the paint wouldn't even have time to dry
Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom.
It's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it.
People don't alter history any more than birds alter the sky, they just make brief patterns in it.
Here's some advice boy. Don't put your trust in revolutions. They always come around again. That's why they're called revolutions.
Evil begins when you begin to treat people as things.
Inside every sane person there's a madman struggling to get out.
Most gods throw dice, but Fate plays chess, and you don't find out til too late that he's been playing with two queens all along.
Pets are always a help in times of stress. And in times of starvation, too, o'course.
The intelligence of that creature known as a crowd is the square root of the number of people in it.
Time is a drug. Too much of it kills you.
