computers	tech	quip	general	0	!07/11 PDP a ni deppart m'I !pleH
computers	tech	quip	general	0	1: No code table for op: ++post
computers	tech	quip	general	0	... A booming voice says, "Wrong, cretin!", and you notice that you have turned into a pile of dust.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that works.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	[A computer is] like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention, with the possible exceptions of handguns and Tequilla.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate cake without ketchup and mustard.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	A CONS is an object which cares.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	A debugged program is one for which you have not yet found the conditions that make it fail.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	A formal parsing algorithm should not always be used.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	A language that doesn't have everything is actually easier to program in than some that do.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	A large number of installed systems work by fiat. That is, they work by being declared to work.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing.
computers	life	aphorism	general	0	A list is only as strong as its weakest link.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	A modem is a baudy house.
computers	life	quip	general	0	A nasty looking dwarf throws a knife at you.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	A person who is more than casually interested in computers should be well schooled in machine language, since it is a fundamental part of a computer.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	A recent study has found that concentrating on difficult off-screen objects, such as the faces of loved ones, causes eye strain in computer scientists. Researchers into the phenomenon cite the added concentration needed to "make sense" of such unnatural three dimensional objects.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	A rolling disk gathers no MOS.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	A successful [software] tool is one that was used to do something undreamed of by its author.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	A well-used door needs no oil on its hinges. A swift-flowing steam does not grow stagnant. Neither sound nor thoughts can travel through a vacuum. Software rots if not used. These are great mysteries.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
computers	arts	wisdom	general	0	About the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt ax. It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Adding features does not necessarily increase functionality -- it just makes the manuals thicker.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
computers	work-money	quip	general	0	Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Alan Turing thought about criteria to settle the question of whether machines can think, a question of which we now know that it is about as relevant as the question of whether submarines can swim.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Algol-60 surely must be regarded as the most important programming language yet developed.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	All constants are variables.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	All parts should go together without forcing. You must remember that the parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you. Therefore, if you can't get them together again, there must be a reason. By all means, do not use a hammer. -- IBM maintenance manual, 1925
computers	tech	quip	general	0	All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"... all the good computer designs are bootlegged; the formally planned products, if they are built at all, are dogs!"
computers	tech	quip	general	0	All the simple programs have been written.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	All your files have been destroyed (sorry). Paul.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Almost anything derogatory you could say about today's software design would be accurate.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	An Ada exception is when a routine gets in trouble and says 'Beam me up, Scotty'.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	An algorithm must be seen to be believed.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	An engineer is someone who does list processing in FORTRAN.
computers	life	quip	general	0	And it should be the law: If you use the word `paradigm' without knowing what the dictionary says it means, you go to jail. No exceptions.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Another megabytes the dust.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Any given program will expand to fill available memory.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Any program which runs right is obsolete.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	APL hackers do it in the quad.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection. It is the language of the future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation of coding bums.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	APL is a natural extension of assembler language programming; ...and is best for educational purposes.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	APL is a write-only language. I can write programs in APL, but I can't read any of them.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Are we running light with overbyte?
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to measure progress. Some cathedrals took a century to complete. Can you imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long? -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	quip	general	0	As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	As in certain cults it is possible to kill a process if you know its true name.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve The Problem, saving the documentation for later.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	As of next Thursday, UNIX will be flushed in favor of TOPS-10. Please update your programs.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	As of next Tuesday, C will be flushed in favor of COBOL. Please update your programs.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	As part of the conversion, computer specialists rewrote 1,500 programs; a process that traditionally requires some debugging.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
computers	science	quip	general	0	As Will Rogers would have said, "There is no such things as a free variable."
computers	tech	pun	general	0	ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	ASHes to ASHes, DOS to DOS.
computers	life	pun	general	0	Ask not for whom the <CONTROL-G><BEL> tolls.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Assembly language experience is [important] for the maturity and understanding of how computers work that it provides.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Asynchronous inputs are at the root of our race problems.
computers	arts	wisdom	general	0	At first sight, the idea of any rules or principles being superimposed on the creative mind seems more likely to hinder than to help, but this is quite untrue in practice. Disciplined thinking focuses inspiration rather than blinkers it.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	At Group L, Stoffel oversees six first-rate programmers, a managerial challenge roughly comparable to herding cats.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Avoid strange women and temporary variables.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Basic is a high level languish. APL is a high level anguish.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of `Scientific Creationism'.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of interest is easy.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Beware the new TTY code!
computers	life	aphorism	general	0	Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies.
computers	life	dark	general	0	BLISS is ignorance.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	Both models are identical in performance, functional operation, and interface circuit details. The two models, however, are not compatible on the same communications line connection.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Brain fried -- Core dumped
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Build a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Building translators is good clean fun.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Bus error -- driver executed.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Bus error -- please leave by the rear door.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed, analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"But what we need to know is, do people want nasally-insertable computers?"
computers	arts	quip	general	0	By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun.
computers	work-money	quip	general	0	BYTE editors are people who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then carefully print the chaff.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Byte your tongue.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	C Code. C Code Run. Run, Code, RUN! PLEASE!!!!
computers	tech	pun	general	0	C for yourself.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	C makes it easy for you to shoot yourself in the foot. C++ makes that harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas l'Informatique. -- Bosquet [on seeing the IBM 4341]
computers	tech	quip	general	0	C++ is the best example of second-system effect since OS/360.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Calm down, it's *only* ones and zeroes.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	Can't open /usr/share/games/fortunes/fortunes. Lid stuck on cookie jar.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Can't open /usr/share/games/fortunes/fortunes.dat.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..
computers	tech	quip	general	0	CCI Power 6/40: one board, a megabyte of cache, and an attitude...
computers	life	quip	general	0	Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.
computers	life	dark	general	0	Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening. See SYSNOTE tomorrow for more information.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	COBOL is for morons.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Coding is easy; All you do is sit staring at a terminal until the drops of blood form on your forehead.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	COMPASS [for the CDC-6000 series] is the sort of assembler one expects from a corporation whose president codes in octal.
computers	tech	fact	general	0	... computer hardware progress is so fast. No other technology since civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price gain in 30 years.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Computer programmers do it byte by byte.
computers	tech	dark	general	0	Computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	Computer programs expand so as to fill the core available.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Computer Science is merely the post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Computer Science is the only discipline in which we view adding a new wing to a building as being maintenance
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable. Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in the world that just don't add up.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Computers don't actually think. You just think they think. (We think.)
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more than the estimate the job will cost.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Congratulations! You are the one-millionth user to log into our system. If there's anything special we can do for you, anything at all, don't hesitate to ask!
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Counting in binary is just like counting in decimal -- if you are all thumbs.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	Counting in octal is just like counting in decimal--if you don't use your thumbs.
computers	work-money	quip	general	0	[Crash programs] fail because they are based on the theory that, with nine women pregnant, you can get a baby a month.
computers	life	quip	general	0	Crazee Edeee, his prices are INSANE!!!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	%DCL-MEM-BAD, bad memory VMS-F-PDGERS, pudding between the ears
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Debug is human, de-fix divine.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	DEC diagnostics would run on a dead whale.
computers	tech	fact	general	0	#define BITCOUNT(x) (((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255) #define BX_(x) ((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777) \ - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333) \ - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111)) -- really weird C code to count the number of bits in a word
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Deliver yesterday, code today, think tomorrow.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	Did you know that for the price of a 280-Z you can buy two Z-80's?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.
computers	tech	fact	general	0	Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Disc space -- the final frontier!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	DISCLAIMER: Use of this advanced computing technology does not imply an endorsement of Western industrial civilization.
computers	life	quip	general	0	Disclaimer: "These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be yours too."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Disk crisis, please clean up!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Disks travel in packs.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Do not meddle in the affairs of troff, for it is subtle and quick to anger.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Do not simplify the design of a program if a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Do you guys know what you're doing, or are you just hacking?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Documentation is the castor oil of programming. Managers know it must be good because the programmers hate it so much.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Does a good farmer neglect a crop he has planted? Does a good teacher overlook even the most humble student? Does a good father allow a single child to starve? Does a good programmer refuse to maintain his code?
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they can be terribly misleading. Debug only code.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Don't sweat it -- it's only ones and zeros.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	DOS Air: All the passengers go out onto the runway, grab hold of the plane, push it until it gets in the air, hop on, jump off when it hits the ground again. Then they grab the plane again, push it back into the air, hop on, et cetera.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Due to lack of disk space, this fortune database has been discontinued.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	During the next two hours, the system will be going up and down several times, often with lin~po_~{po ~poz~ppo\~{ o n~po_<BEL>~{o[po ~y oodsou>#w4k**n~po_<BEL>~{ol;lkld;f;g;dd;po\~{o
computers	tech	quip	general	0	E Pluribus Unix
computers	tech	observation	general	0	Each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs.
computers	tech	dark	general	0	/earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can.
computers	life	quip	general	0	Earth is a beta site.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	/earth: file system full.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because God is not capricious or arbitrary. No such faith comforts the software engineer.
computers	society	quip	general	0	Equal bytes for women.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Error in operator: add beer
computers	tech	observation	general	0	Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
computers	life	quip	general	0	<<<<< EVACUATION ROUTE <<<<<
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Every program has at least one bug and can be shortened by at least one instruction -- from which, by induction, one can deduce that every program can be reduced to one instruction which doesn't work.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.
computers	love	uplifting	general	0	Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop hacking and fall in love!
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had to be taught how not to. So it is with the great programmers.
computers	science	observation	general	0	Evolution is a million line computer program falling into place by accident.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.
computers	life	quip	general	0	FACILITY REJECTED 100044200000
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Feeling amorous, she looked under the sheets and cried, "Oh, no, it's Microsoft!"
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Fly Windows NT: All the passengers carry their seats out onto the tarmac, placing the chairs in the outline of a plane. They all sit down, flap their arms and make jet swooshing sounds as if they are flying.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	"For that matter, compare your pocket computer with the massive jobs of a thousand years ago. Why not, then, the last step of doing away with computers altogether?"
computers	tech	quip	general	0	FORTH IF HONK THEN
computers	tech	quip	general	0	FORTRAN is a good example of a language which is easier to parse using ad hoc techniques.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	FORTRAN is for pipe stress freaks and crystallography weenies.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	FORTRAN is not a flower but a weed -- it is hardy, occasionally blooms, and grows in every computer.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	FORTRAN is the language of Powerful Computers.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	FORTRAN rots the brain.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	FORTRAN, "the infantile disorder", by now nearly 20 years old, is hopelessly inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today: it is too clumsy, too risky, and too expensive to use.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	[FORTRAN] will persist for some time -- probably for at least the next decade.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	fortune: cannot execute. Out of cookies.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	fortune: cpu time/usefulness ratio too high -- core dumped.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	fortune: No such file or directory
computers	tech	quip	general	0	fortune: not found
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Frankly, Scarlett, I don't have a fix.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	From the Pro 350 Pocket Service Guide, p. 49, Step 5 of the instructions on removing an I/O board from the card cage, comes a new experience in sound: 5. Turn the handle to the right 90 degrees. The pin-spreading sound is normal for this type of connector.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Function reject.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Garbage In
computers	tech	quip	general	0	GIVE: Support the helpless victims of computer error.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Given its constituency, the only thing I expect to be "open" about [the Open Software Foundation] is its mouth.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Giving up on assembly language was the apple in our Garden of Eden: Languages whose use squanders machine cycles are sinful. The LISP machine now permits LISP programmers to abandon bra and fig-leaf. -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Go away! Stop bothering me with all your "compute this ... compute that"! I'm taking a VAX-NAP. logout<BEL>
computers	tech	quip	general	0	//GO.SYSIN DD *, DOODAH, DOODAH
computers	faith	joke	general	0	God is real, unless declared integer.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.
computers	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Good evening, gentlemen. I am a HAL 9000 computer. I became operational at the HAL plant in Urbana, Illinois, on January 11th, nineteen hundred ninety-five. My supervisor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a song. If you would like, I could sing it for you.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Grand Master Turing once dreamed that he was a machine. When he awoke he exclaimed: "I don't know whether I am Turing dreaming that I am a machine, or a machine dreaming that I am Turing!"
computers	tech	quip	general	0	grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Hackers are just a migratory lifeform with a tropism for computers.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Hackers of the world, unite!
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Hacking's just another word for nothing left to kludge.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	/* Halley */ (Halley's comment.)
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Happiness is a hard disk.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Happiness is twin floppies.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	"Has anyone had problems with the computer accounts?" "Yes, I don't have one." "Okay, you can send mail to one of the tutors ..."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Have you reconsidered a computer career?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	He's like a function -- he returns a value, in the form of his opinion. It's up to you to cast it into a void or not.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	HEAD CRASH!! FILES LOST!! Details at 11.
computers	life	quip	general	0	Help me, I'm a prisoner in a Fortune cookie file!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Help stamp out Mickey-Mouse computer interfaces -- Menus are for Restaurants!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Help! I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Help! I'm trapped in a PDP 11/70!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	HELP!!!! I'm being held prisoner in /usr/games/lib!
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Heuristics are bug ridden by definition. If they didn't have bugs, then they'd be algorithms.
computers	life	quip	general	0	HOLY MACRO!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	HOST SYSTEM NOT RESPONDING, PROBABLY DOWN. DO YOU WANT TO WAIT? (Y/N)
computers	tech	quip	general	0	HOST SYSTEM RESPONDING, PROBABLY UP...
computers	tech	quip	general	0	How can you work when the system's so crowded?
computers	love	pun	general	0	"How do I love thee? My accumulator overflows."
computers	science	fact	general	0	How many seconds are there in a year? If I tell you there are 3.155 x 10^7, you won't even try to remember it. On the other hand, who could forget that, to within half a percent, pi seconds is a nanocentury.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	How much does it cost to entice a dope-smoking UNIX system guru to Dayton?
computers	tech	pun	general	0	How much net work could a network work, if a network could net work?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Hug me now, you mad, impetuous fool!! Oh wait... I'm a computer, and you're a person. It would never work out. Never mind.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I *knew* I had some reason for not logging you off... If I could just remember what it was.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I am a computer. I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.
computers	life	quip	general	0	I am NOMAD!
computers	society	quip	general	0	I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I am professionally trained in computer science, which is to say (in all seriousness) that I am extremely poorly educated.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I am the wandering glitch -- catch me if you can.
computers	science	quip	general	0	I bet the human brain is a kludge.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	I cannot conceive that anybody will require multiplications at the rate of 40,000 or even 4,000 per hour ...
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I had the rare misfortune of being one of the first people to try and implement a PL/1 compiler.
computers	life	quip	general	0	I have a very small mind and must live with it.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	I have not yet begun to byte!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I haven't lost my mind -- it's backed up on tape somewhere.
computers	life	pun	general	0	I must have slipped a disk -- my pack hurts!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I think there's a world market for about five computers. -- Misattributed to Thomas J. Watson (Chairman of the Board, IBM), 1943 ; https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Thomas_J._Watson
computers	life	quip	general	0	I wish you humans would leave me alone.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I'm a Lisp variable -- bind me!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I'm all for computer dating, but I wouldn't want one to marry my sister.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I'm not even going to *bother* comparing C to BASIC or FORTRAN.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I've finally learned what "upward compatible" means. It means we get to keep all our old mistakes.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I've looked at the listing, and it's right!
computers	nature	quip	general	0	I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must be just a few simple heuristics you have to remember... Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I've noticed several design suggestions in your code.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	IBM Advanced Systems Group -- a bunch of mindless jerks, who'll be first against the wall when the revolution comes... -- with regrets to D. Adams
computers	tech	fact	general	0	If a 6600 used paper tape instead of core memory, it would use up tape at about 30 miles/second.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If a group of persons implements a COBOL compiler, there will be N-1 passes. Someone in the group has to be the manager.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up.
computers	work-money	pun	general	0	If a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?
computers	tech	observation	general	0	If addiction is judged by how long a dumb animal will sit pressing a lever to get a "fix" of something, to its own detriment, then I would conclude that netnews is far more addictive than cocaine.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization.
computers	tech	dark	general	0	If computers take over (which seems to be their natural tendency), it will serve us right.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If God had a beard, he'd be a UNIX programmer.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If God had intended Man to program, we'd be born with serial I/O ports.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If graphics hackers are so smart, why can't they get the bugs out of fresh paint?
computers	tech	observation	general	0	If he once again pushes up his sleeves in order to compute for 3 days and 3 nights in a row, he will spend a quarter of an hour before to think which principles of computation shall be most appropriate.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If I'd known computer science was going to be like this, I'd never have given up being a rock 'n' roll star.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If it happens once, it's a bug. If it happens twice, it's a feature. If it happens more than twice, it's a design philosophy.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If it has syntax, it isn't user friendly.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If it's not in the computer, it doesn't exist.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	If it's worth hacking on well, it's worth hacking on for money.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If Machiavelli were a hacker, he'd have worked for the CSSG.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If Machiavelli were a programmer, he'd have worked for AT&T.
computers	life	quip	general	0	"If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem."
computers	tech	observation	general	0	If the automobile had followed the same development as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per per gallon, and explode once a year killing everyone inside.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If the vendors started doing everything right, we would be out of a job. Let's hear it for OSI and X! With those babies in the wings, we can count on being employed until we drop, or get smart and switch to gardening, paper folding, or something.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If you put 7 of the most talented open source software developers in a room for a week and asked them to fix a bug in a spreadsheet program, in 1 week you'd have 2 new mail readers and a text-based web browser. -- via Bram Moolenaar
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If you put tomfoolery into a computer, nothing comes out but tomfoolery. But this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow ennobled and no-one dare criticise it.
computers	family	quip	general	0	If you teach your children to like computers and to know how to gamble then they'll always be interested in something and won't come to no real harm.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If you think the system is working, ask someone who's waiting for a prompt.
computers	life	aphorism	general	0	If you're crossing the nation in a covered wagon, it's better to have four strong oxen than 100 chickens. Chickens are OK but we can't make them work together yet.
computers	life	aphorism	general	0	Ignorance is bliss.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	In a display of perverse brilliance, Carl the repairman mistakes a room humidifier for a mid-range computer but manages to tie it into the network anyway. -- The 5th Wave
computers	tech	quip	general	0	In a five year period we can get one superb programming language. Only we can't control when the five year period will begin.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks) are to be treated as variables.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	In any problem, if you find yourself doing an infinite amount of work, the answer may be obtained by inspection.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	In computing, the mean time to failure keeps getting shorter.
computers	arts	observation	general	0	In English, every word can be verbed. Would that it were so in our programming languages.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	In every non-trivial program there is at least one bug.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	In less than a century, computers will be making substantial progress on ... the overriding problem of war and peace.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	In practice, failures in system development, like unemployment in Russia, happens a lot despite official propaganda to the contrary.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way. -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	observation	general	0	In the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals. You'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Intel CPUs are not defective, they just act that way.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	>>> Internal error in fortune program: >>> fnum=2987 n=45 flag=1 goose_level=-232323 >>> Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Introducing, the 1010, a one-bit processor. INSTRUCTION SET Code Mnemonic What 0 NOP No Operation 1 JMP Jump (address specified by next 2 bits) Now Available for only 12 1/2 cents!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	IOT trap -- core dumped
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Is a computer language with gotos totally Wirth-less?
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to be discarded: that the whole point is to always see it as a soap bubble?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	: is not an identifier
computers	work-money	pun	general	0	Is your job running? You'd better go catch it!
computers	tech	fact	general	0	It appears that PL/I (and its dialects) is, or will be, the most widely used higher level language for systems programming.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program. What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
computers	life	quip	general	0	It is now pitch dark. If you proceed, you will likely fall into a pit.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	[It is] best to confuse only one issue at a time. -- K&R
computers	family	quip	general	0	It isn't easy being the parent of a six-year-old. However, it's a pretty small price to pay for having somebody around the house who understands computers.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"It runs like x, where x is something unsavory"
computers	life	quip	general	0	It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer, when you're stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	It's a naive, domestic operating system without any breeding, but I think you'll be amused by its presumption.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	It's multiple choice time... What is FORTRAN? a: Between thre and fiv tran. b: What two computers engage in before they interface. c: Ridiculous.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	It's ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?
computers	tech	joke	general	0	... Jesus cried with a loud voice: Lazarus, come forth; the bug hath been found and thy program runneth. And he that was dead came forth... -- John 11:43-44 [version 2.0?]
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Just about every computer on the market today runs Unix, except the Mac (and nobody cares about it).
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get a prompt, type like hell.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Keep the number of passes in a compiler to a minimum.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Kiss your keyboard goodbye!
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Know Thy User.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	((lambda (foo) (bar foo)) (baz))
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Let the machine do the dirty work. -- "Elements of Programming Style", Kernighan and Ritchie
computers	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Leveraging always beats prototyping.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Like punning, programming is a play on words.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	Lisp Users: Due to the holiday next Monday, there will be no garbage collection.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Little known fact about Middle Earth: The Hobbits had a very sophisticated computer network! It was a Tolkien Ring...
computers	life	quip	general	0	Logic doesn't apply to the real world.
computers	science	pun	general	0	Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Loose bits sink chips.
computers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac Airways: The cashiers, flight attendants and pilots all look the same, feel the same and act the same. When asked questions about the flight, they reply that you don't want to know, don't need to know and would you please return to your seat and watch the movie.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	MAC user's dynamic debugging list evaluator? Never heard of that.
computers	science	quip	general	0	"Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years." "What about X?" "I said `intellectual'." ;login, 9/1990
computers	tech	observation	general	0	Machines certainly can solve problems, store information, correlate, and play games -- but not with pleasure.
computers	life	observation	general	0	Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the repairman arrives.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Make sure your code does nothing gracefully.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft ... and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Many of the convicted thieves Parker has met began their life of crime after taking college Computer Science courses.
computers	life	dark	general	0	Martin was probably ripping them off. That's some family, isn't it? Incest, prostitution, fanaticism, software.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Marvelous! The super-user's going to boot me! What a finely tuned response to the situation!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	** MAXIMUM TERMINALS ACTIVE. TRY AGAIN LATER **
computers	tech	quip	general	0	May all your PUSHes be POPped.
computers	tech	insult	general	0	May Euell Gibbons eat your only copy of the manual!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	May the bluebird of happiness twiddle your bits.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Memory fault - where am I?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Memory fault -- brain fried
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Memory fault -- core...uh...um...core... Oh dammit, I forget!
computers	life	quip	general	0	MESSAGE ACKNOWLEDGED
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Message from Our Sponsor on ttyTV at 13:58 ...
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
computers	tech	dark	general	0	Mommy, what happens to your files when you die?
computers	tech	observation	general	0	Most public domain software is free, at least at first glance.
computers	tech	fact	general	0	MOUNT TAPE U1439 ON B3, NO RING
computers	tech	quip	general	0	MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
computers	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Much of the excitement we get out of our work is that we don't really know what we are doing.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Multics is security spelled sideways.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	My sister opened a computer store in Hawaii. She sells C shells down by the seashore.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I have looked at carefully has turned out to be wrong.
computers	life	aphorism	general	0	Never make anything simple and efficient when a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Never trust a computer you can't repair yourself.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Never trust an operating system.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Never try to explain computers to a layman. It's easier to explain sex to a virgin.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	New crypt. See /usr/news/crypt.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	New systems generate new problems.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	*** NEWS FLASH *** Archeologists find PDP-11/24 inside brain cavity of fossilized dinosaur skeleton! Many Digital users fear that RSX-11M may be even more primitive than DEC admits. Price adjustments at 11:00.
computers	life	quip	general	0	news: gotcha
computers	tech	joke	general	0	Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his name correctly (Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into (Nick-les Worth). Which is to say that Europeans call him by name, but Americans call him by value.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	No directory.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	No extensible language will be universal.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	No hardware designer should be allowed to produce any piece of hardware until three software guys have signed off for it.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	No line available at 300 baud.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	No part of this message may reproduce, store itself in a retrieval system, or transmit disease, in any form, without the permissiveness of the author.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	No wonder Clairol makes so much money selling shampoo. Lather, Rinse, Repeat is an infinite loop!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain. All I'm after is just a mediocre brain, something like the president of American Telephone and Telegraph Company.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Nobody said computers were going to be polite.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Nobody's gonna believe that computers are intelligent until they start coming in late and lying about it.
computers	tech	dark	general	0	My little brother got this fortune: nohup rm -fr /& So he did...
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.
computers	life	quip	general	0	Nothing happens.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"Now this is a totally brain damaged algorithm. Gag me with a smurfette."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile."
computers	love	joke	general	0	Nurse Donna: Oh, Groucho, I'm afraid I'm gonna wind up an old maid. Groucho: Well, bring her in and we'll wind her up together. Nurse Donna: Do you believe in computer dating? Groucho: Only if the computers really love each other.
computers	life	quip	general	0	Oh, so there you are!
computers	tech	dark	general	0	Okay, Okay -- I admit it. You didn't change that program that worked just a little while ago; I inserted some random characters into the executable. Please forgive me. You can recover the file by typing in the code over again, since I also removed the source.
computers	life	quip	general	0	Old mail has arrived.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Old programmers never die, they just become managers.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Old programmers never die, they just hit account block limit.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	On a clear disk you can seek forever.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	On the eighth day, God created FORTRAN.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog. -- Cartoon caption
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"One Architecture, One OS" also translates as "One Egg, One Basket".
computers	tech	observation	general	0	"One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative." Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this. The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	One good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	... one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	One of the most overlooked advantages to computers is... If they do foul up, there's no law against whacking them around a little.
computers	life	quip	general	0	One person's error is another person's data.
computers	tech	fact	general	0	One picture is worth 128K words.
computers	arts	wisdom	general	0	Only great masters of style can succeed in being obtuse.
computers	love	quip	general	0	Our informal mission is to improve the love life of operators worldwide.
computers	tech	verse	general	0	Our OS who art in CPU, UNIX be thy name. Thy programs run, thy syscalls done, In kernel as it is in user!
computers	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Over the shoulder supervision is more a need of the manager than the programming task.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Overflow on /dev/null, please empty the bit bucket.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Overload -- core meltdown sequence initiated.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	panic: can't find /
computers	tech	quip	general	0	panic: kernel segmentation violation. core dumped (only kidding)
computers	tech	quip	general	0	panic: kernel trap (ignored)
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Pascal is a language for children wanting to be naughty.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Pascal is not a high-level language.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"Pascal is Pascal is Pascal is dog meat."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Pause for storage relocation.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Per buck you get more computing action with the small computer.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	PL/I -- "the fatal disease" -- belongs more to the problem set than to the solution set.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Play Rogue, visit exotic locations, meet strange creatures and kill them.
computers	life	quip	general	0	Please go away.
computers	life	quip	general	0	PLUG IT IN!!!
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	Prof: So the American government went to IBM to come up with a data encryption standard and they came up with ... Student: EBCDIC!"
computers	tech	observation	general	0	Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Programmers do it bit by bit.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	Programmers used to batch environments may find it hard to live without giant listings; we would find it hard to use them.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Programming is an unnatural act.
computers	life	quip	general	0	PURGE COMPLETE.
computers	life	aphorism	general	0	Put no trust in cryptic comments.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC READY >_
computers	tech	pun	general	0	RAM wasn't built in a day.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Reactor error - core dumped!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is much too large to implement. Most computer scientists don't notice this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real computer scientists despise the idea of actual hardware. Hardware has limitations, software doesn't. It's a real shame that Turing machines are so poor at I/O.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	Real computer scientists don't comment their code. The identifiers are so long they can't afford the disk space.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real computer scientists don't program in assembler. They don't write in anything less portable than a number two pencil.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real computer scientists don't write code. They occasionally tinker with `programming systems', but those are so high level that they hardly count (and rarely count accurately; precision is for applications).
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real computer scientists like having a computer on their desk, else how could they read their mail?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real computer scientists only write specs for languages that might run on future hardware. Nobody trusts them to write specs for anything homo sapiens will ever be able to fit on a single planet.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real programmers disdain structured programming. Structured programming is for compulsive neurotics who were prematurely toilet- trained. They wear neckties and carefully line up pencils on otherwise clear desks.
computers	work-money	quip	general	0	Real programmers don't bring brown-bag lunches. If the vending machine doesn't sell it, they don't eat it. Vending machines don't sell quiche.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real programmers don't comment their code. It was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real programmers don't draw flowcharts. Flowcharts are, after all, the illiterate's form of documentation. Cavemen drew flowcharts; look how much good it did them.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real Programmers don't eat quiche. They eat Twinkies and Szechwan food.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires you to change clothes. Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly spring up in the middle of the machine room.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real programmers don't write in BASIC. Actually, no programmers write in BASIC after reaching puberty.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real Programmers don't write in FORTRAN. FORTRAN is for pipe stress freaks and crystallography weenies. FORTRAN is for wimp engineers who wear white socks.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real Programmers don't write in PL/I. PL/I is for programmers who can't decide whether to write in COBOL or FORTRAN.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real programs don't eat cache.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	Real Programs don't use shared text. Otherwise, how can they use functions for scratch space after they are finished calling them?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real software engineers don't debug programs, they verify correctness. This process doesn't necessarily involve execution of anything on a computer, except perhaps a Correctness Verification Aid package.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real software engineers work from 9 to 5, because that is the way the job is described in the formal spec. Working late would feel like using an undocumented external procedure.
computers	tech	dark	general	0	Real Users are afraid they'll break the machine -- but they're never afraid to break your face.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts down the system for days.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real Users hate Real Programmers.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real Users know your home telephone number.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real Users never know what they want, but they always know when your program doesn't deliver it.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Real Users never use the Help key.
computers	tech	fact	general	0	Recursion is the root of computation since it trades description for time.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?
computers	tech	joke	general	0	Remember, God could only create the world in 6 days because he didn't have an established user base.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Remember: use logout to logout.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Row, row, row your bits, gently down the stream...
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Save energy: Drive a smaller shell.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Save gas, don't use the shell.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Save yourself! Reboot in 5 seconds!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Say "twenty-three-skiddoo" to logout.
computers	tech	dark	general	0	SCCS, the source motel! Programs check in and never check out!
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Science is to computer science as hydrodynamics is to plumbing.
computers	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Scotty: Captain, we din' can reference it! Kirk: Analysis, Mr. Spock? Spock: Captain, it doesn't appear in the symbol table. Kirk: Then it's of external origin? Spock: Affirmative. Kirk: Mr. Sulu, go to pass two. Sulu: Aye aye, sir, going to pass two.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Security check: <BEL><BEL><BEL>INTRUDER ALERT!
computers	life	quip	general	0	Send some filthy mail.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	She sells cshs by the cshore.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Simulations are like miniskirts, they show a lot and hide the essentials.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	skldfjkl<BEL><BEL><BEL>jklsR%^&(IXDRTYju187pkasdjbasdfbuil h;asvgy8p 23r1vyui<BEL>135 2 kmxsij90TYDFS$$b jkzxdjkl bjnk ;j nk;<[][;-==-<<<<<';[, [hjioasdvbnuio;buip^&(FTSD$%*VYUI:buio;sdf}[asdf'] sdoihjfh(_YU*G&F^*CTY98y Now look what you've gone and done! You've broken it!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Slowly and surely the unix crept up on the Nintendo user ...
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Software production is assumed to be a line function, but it is run like a staff function.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more "user-friendly". ... Their best approach, so far, has been to take all the old brochures, and stamp the words, "user-friendly" on the cover.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Some of my readers ask me what a "Serial Port" is. The answer is: I don't know. Is it some kind of wine you have with breakfast?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Some people claim that the UNIX learning curve is steep, but at least you only have to climb it once.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand progress. -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Somebody's terminal is dropping bits. I found a pile of them over in the corner.
computers	life	quip	general	0	Staff meeting in the conference room in %d minutes.
computers	work-money	quip	general	0	Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Standards are crucial. And the best thing about standards is: there are so many to choose from!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Stinginess with privileges is kindness in disguise. -- Guide to VAX/VMS Security, Sep. 1984
computers	life	observation	general	0	Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political, petty, boring, ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Swap read error. You lose your mind.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon. -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	quip	general	0	System checkpoint complete.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	System going down at 1:45 this afternoon for disk crashing.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	System going down in 5 minutes.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	System restarting, wait...
computers	tech	dark	general	0	<BEL><BEL><BEL><BEL> *** System shutdown message from root *** System going down in 60 seconds
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Systems have sub-systems and sub-systems have sub-systems and so on ad infinitum -- which is why we're always starting over. -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Systems programmers are the high priests of a low cult.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Testing can show the presence of bugs, but not their absence.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	TeX is potentially the most significant invention in typesetting in this century. It introduces a standard language for computer typography, and in terms of importance could rank near the introduction of the Gutenberg press.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even one which cannot be justified on any other grounds."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	That does not compute.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	That's the thing about people who think they hate computers. What they really hate is lousy programmers.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The "cutting edge" is getting rather dull.
computers	life	quip	general	0	The 11 is for people with the pride of a 10 and the pocketbook of an 8.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	The absence of labels [in ECL] is probably a good thing.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The algorithm for finding the longest path in a graph is NP-complete. For you systems people, that means it's *real slow*.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"The algorithm to do that is extremely nasty. You might want to mug someone with it."
computers	tech	fact	general	0	The Analytical Engine weaves Algebraical patterns just as the Jacquard loom weaves flowers and leaves.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	"The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The beer-cooled computer does not harm the ozone layer.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland"; but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The best way to accelerate a Macintoy is at 9.8 meters per second per second.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The bogosity meter just pegged.
computers	tech	dark	general	0	The bugs you have to avoid are the ones that give the user not only the inclination to get on a plane, but also the time.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"The C Programming Language -- A language which combines the flexibility of assembly language with the power of assembly language."
computers	life	quip	general	0	The clothes have no emperor.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The computer industry is journalists in their 20's standing in awe of entrepreneurs in their 30's who are hiring salesmen in their 40's and 50's and paying them in the 60's and 70's to bring their marketing into the 80's.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	The computer is to the information industry roughly what the central power station is to the electrical industry.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"The Computer made me do it."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	The connection between the language in which we think/program and the problems and solutions we can imagine is very close. For this reason restricting language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best dangerous.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The day-to-day travails of the IBM programmer are so amusing to most of us who are fortunate enough never to have been one -- like watching Charlie Chaplin trying to cook a shoe.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The debate rages on: Is PL/I Bachtrian or Dromedary?
computers	arts	observation	general	0	The difference between art and science is that science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. Art is everything else.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The disks are getting full; purge a file today.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"The eleventh commandment was `Thou Shalt Compute' or `Thou Shalt Not Compute' -- I forget which." -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The first time, it's a KLUDGE! The second, a trick. Later, it's a well-established technique!
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	The first version always gets thrown away.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
computers	tech	dark	general	0	The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at least until we've finished building it.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of its capacity -- the rest is overhead for the operating system.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The IBM 2250 is impressive ... if you compare it with a system selling for a tenth its price.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term "twisted pair".
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	The idea that an arbitrary naive human should be able to properly use a given tool without training or understanding is even more wrong for computing than it is for other tools (e.g. automobiles, airplanes, guns, power saws).
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The last time somebody said, "I find I can write much better with a word processor.", I replied, "They used to say the same thing about drugs."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The less time planning, the more time programming.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #12: LITHP This otherwise unremarkable language is distinguished by the absence of an "S" in its character set; users must substitute "TH". LITHP is said to be useful in protheththing lithtth.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The Macintosh is Xerox technology at its best.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	The master programmer moves from program to program without fear. No change in management can harm him. He will not be fired, even if the project is canceled. Why is this? He is filled with the Tao.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out. Computer translation of "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak."
computers	tech	observation	general	0	The meta-Turing test counts a thing as intelligent if it seeks to devise and apply Turing tests to objects of its own creation.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The more data I punch in this card, the lighter it becomes, and the lower the mailing cost.
computers	work-money	aphorism	general	0	The most important early product on the way to developing a good product is an imperfect version.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The moving cursor writes, and having written, blinks on.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The net is like a vast sea of lutefisk with tiny dinosaur brains embedded in it here and there. Any given spoonful will likely have an IQ of 1, but occasional spoonfuls may have an IQ more than six times that! -- James 'Kibo' Parry
computers	faith	quip	general	0	The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory, in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system. But let your communication be Yea, yea; nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil. -- Matthew 5:37
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The next person to mention spaghetti stacks to me is going to have his head knocked off.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The nicest thing about the Alto is that it doesn't run faster at night.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The notion of a "record" is an obsolete remnant of the days of the 80-column card.
computers	life	quip	general	0	The number of arguments is unimportant unless some of them are correct.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The number of computer scientists in a room is inversely proportional to the number of bugs in their code.
computers	tech	fact	general	0	The number of UNIX installations has grown to 10, with more expected.
computers	work-money	quip	general	0	The only difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman is that the car salesman knows he's lying.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The only thing cheaper than hardware is talk.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The only thing worse than X Windows: (X Windows) - X
computers	work-money	quip	general	0	The party adjourned to a hot tub, yes. Fully clothed, I might add. -- IBM employee, testifying in California State Supreme Court
computers	tech	fact	general	0	The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip market. Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose"
computers	work-money	quip	general	0	The primary function of the design engineer is to make things difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The problem with engineers is that they tend to cheat in order to get results. The problem with mathematicians is that they tend to work on toy problems in order to get results. The problem with program verifiers is that they tend to cheat at toy problems in order to get results.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The problems of business administration in general, and database management in particular, are much too difficult for people that think in IBMese, compounded with sloppy english.
computers	tech	dark	general	0	The program isn't debugged until the last user is dead.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The proof that IBM didn't invent the car is that it has a steering wheel and an accelerator instead of spurs and ropes, to be compatible with a horse.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The question of whether computers can think is just like the question of whether submarines can swim.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	The reason computer chips are so small is computers don't eat much.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	The relative importance of files depends on their cost in terms of the human effort needed to regenerate them.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The road to hell is paved with NAND gates.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The sendmail configuration file is one of those files that looks like someone beat their head on the keyboard. After working with it... I can see why!
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	The so-called "desktop metaphor" of today's workstations is instead an "airplane-seat" metaphor. Anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers while seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference -- one can see only a very few things at once.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The steady state of disks is full.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The system was down for backups from 5am to 10am last Saturday.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The system will be down for 10 days for preventive maintenance.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The Tao is like a glob pattern: used but never used up. It is like the extern void: filled with infinite possibilities. It is masked but always present. I don't know who built to it. It came before the first kernel.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The trouble with computers is that they do what you tell them, not what you want.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The UNIX philosophy basically involves giving you enough rope to hang yourself. And then a couple of feet more, just to be sure.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	The use of anthropomorphic terminology when dealing with computing systems is a symptom of professional immaturity.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offence.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The world is coming to an end ... SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!!
computers	tech	dark	general	0	The world is coming to an end. Please log off.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	The world is not octal despite DEC.
computers	tech	dark	general	0	The world will end in 5 minutes. Please log out.
computers	life	verse	general	0	The young lady had an unusual list, Linked in part to a structural weakness. She set no preconditions.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	THEGODDESSOFTHENETHASTWISTINGFINGERSANDHERVOICEISLIKEAJAVELININTHENIGHTDUDE
computers	tech	quip	general	0	There are never any bugs you haven't found yet.
computers	life	quip	general	0	There are new messages.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	There are no games on this system.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	There are running jobs. Why don't you go chase them?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	There are three kinds of people: men, women, and unix.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; someone loaded Star Trek 3.2 into our video processor.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in their home.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	There is no distinction between any AI program and some existent game.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	There's got to be more to life than compile-and-go.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	They are called computers simply because computation is the only significant job that has so far been given to them.
computers	life	quip	general	0	They are relatively good but absolutely terrible.
computers	society	wisdom	general	0	They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when not actually threatened. How very nice for authority. I decided not to learn this particular lesson.
computers	tech	fact	general	0	Think of it! With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq. cm.!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Think of your family tonight. Try to crawl home after the computer crashes.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	This dungeon is owned and operated by Frobozz Magic Co., Ltd.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	This file will self-destruct in five minutes.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	This is an unauthorized cybernetic announcement.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"This is lemma 1.1. We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back to one."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	This login session: $13.76, but for you $11.88.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	This login session: $13.99
computers	tech	quip	general	0	This process can check if this value is zero, and if it is, it does something child-like.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	This screen intentionally left blank.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	This system will self-destruct in five minutes.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	* * * * * THIS TERMINAL IS IN USE * * * * *
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Those parts of the system that you can hit with a hammer (not advised) are called hardware; those program instructions that you can only curse at are called software.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Those who can't write, write manuals.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Thrashing is just virtual crashing.
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "A well-written program is its own heaven; a poorly-written program is its own hell."
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless."
computers	work-money	quip	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "Let the programmers be many and the managers few -- then all will be productive."
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to be maintained."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "Time for you to leave."
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "When a program is being tested, it is too late to make design changes."
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "When you have learned to snatch the error code from the trap frame, it will be time for you to leave."
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "Without the wind, the grass does not move. Without software, hardware is useless."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "You can demonstrate a program for a corporate executive, but you can't make him computer literate."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Time-sharing is the junk-mail part of the computer business.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	To be a kind of moral Unix, he touched the hem of Nature's shift.
computers	life	aphorism	general	0	To communicate is the beginning of understanding. -- AT&T
computers	tech	quip	general	0	To err is human -- to blame it on a computer is even more so.
computers	tech	pun	general	0	To err is human, to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	To say that UNIX is doomed is pretty rabid, OS/2 will certainly play a role, but you don't build a hundred million instructions per second multiprocessor micro and then try to run it on OS/2. I mean, get serious.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide a test load.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Today is a good day for information-gathering. Read someone else's mail file.
computers	life	quip	general	0	Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Tomorrow's computers some time next month.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Too often people have come to me and said, "If I had just one wish for anything in all the world, I would wish for more user-defined equations in the HP-51820A Waveform Generator Software."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	TRANSACTION CANCELLED
computers	life	quip	general	0	Trap full -- please empty.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Try `stty 0' -- it works much better.
computers	life	quip	general	0	try again
computers	life	wisdom	general	0	Trying to be happy is like trying to build a machine for which the only specification is that it should run noiselessly.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Trying to establish voice contact ... please yell into keyboard.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Type louder, please.
computers	science	verse	general	0	U X e dUdX, e dX, cosine, secant, tangent, sine, 3.14159...
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Ummm, well, OK. The network's the network, the computer's the computer. Sorry for the confusion.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"Uncle Cosmo ... why do they call this a word processor?" "It's simple, Skyler ... you've seen what food processors do to food, right?"
computers	tech	quip	general	0	UNIX enhancements aren't.
computers	tech	dark	general	0	Unix gives you just enough rope to hang yourself -- and then a couple of more feet, just to be sure.
computers	tech	fact	general	0	Unix is a Registered Bell of AT&T Trademark Laboratories.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	UNIX is hot. It's more than hot. It's steaming. It's quicksilver lightning with a laserbeam kicker.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	UNIX is many things to many people, but it's never been everything to anybody.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Unix is the worst operating system; except for all others.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Unix soit qui mal y pense [Unix to him who evil thinks?]
computers	tech	quip	general	0	UNIX was half a billion (500000000) seconds old on Tue Nov 5 00:53:20 1985 GMT (measuring since the time(2) epoch).
computers	tech	aphorism	general	0	UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that would also stop you from doing clever things.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Unix will self-destruct in five seconds... 4... 3... 2... 1...
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Usage: fortune -P [-f] -a [xsz] Q: file [rKe9] -v6[+] file1 ...
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Usage: fortune -P [] -a [xsz] [Q: [file]] [rKe9] -v6[+] dataspec ... inputdir
computers	tech	quip	general	0	USENET would be a better laboratory if there were more labor and less oratory.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	User hostile.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale down the beach.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	/usr/news/gotcha
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Variables don't; constants aren't.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Vax Vobiscum
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"Virtual" means never knowing where your next byte is coming from.
computers	science	pun	general	0	Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	VMS Beer: Requires minimal user interaction, except for popping the top and sipping. However cans have been known on occasion to explode, or contain extremely un-beer-like contents.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	VMS is like a nightmare about RXS-11M.
computers	tech	fact	general	0	VMS version 2.0 ==>
computers	tech	pun	general	0	Wasn't there something about a PASCAL programmer knowing the value of everything and the Wirth of nothing?
computers	life	wisdom	general	0	We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	We are experiencing system trouble -- do not adjust your terminal.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	We are Microsoft. Unix is irrelevant. Openness is futile. Prepare to be assimilated.
computers	life	quip	general	0	We are not a clone.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last theorem." -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	work-money	quip	general	0	We are preparing to think about contemplating preliminary work on plans to develop a schedule for producing the 10th Edition of the Unix Programmers Manual.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	We can found no scientific discipline, nor a healthy profession on the technical mistakes of the Department of Defense and IBM.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	We don't understand the software, and sometimes we don't understand the hardware, but we can *see* the blinking lights!
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	[We] use bad software and bad machines for the wrong things.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions? D G G O O Y A N A D B T K I S P Enter words: >
computers	tech	quip	general	0	What is the difference between a Turing machine and the modern computer? It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the establishment of a Hilton on its peak.
computers	life	quip	general	0	"What is the Nature of God?" CLICK...CLICK...WHIRRR...CLICK...=BEEP!= 1 QT. SOUR CREAM 1 TSP. SAUERKRAUT 1/2 CUT CHIVES. STIR AND SPRINKLE WITH BACON BITS. "I've just GOT to start labeling my software..."
computers	life	quip	general	0	What the hell is it good for?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	What this country needs is a good five cent microcomputer.
computers	tech	joke	general	0	"What's that thing?" "Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive instrument we use in computer repair. Being a layman, you probably can't grasp exactly what it does. We call it a two-by-four."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	When Dexter's on the Internet, can Hell be far behind?"
computers	tech	observation	general	0	... when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer has been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	When we understand knowledge-based systems, it will be as before -- except our fingertips will have been singed. -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	observation	general	0	When we write programs that "learn", it turns out we do and they don't.
computers	tech	fact	general	0	Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equipped with 18,000 vacuum tubes and weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vaccuum tubes and perhaps weigh 1 1/2 tons.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"Who cares if it doesn't do anything? It was made with our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process ..."
computers	tech	dark	general	0	Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive mad.
computers	life	quip	general	0	Why did the Roman Empire collapse? What is the Latin for office automation?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Why do we want intelligent terminals when there are so many stupid users?
computers	tech	dark	general	0	Windows Airlines: The terminal is very neat and clean, the attendants all very attractive, the pilots very capable. The fleet of Learjets the carrier operates is immense. Your jet takes off without a hitch, pushing above the clouds, and at 20,000 feet it explodes without warning.
computers	life	quip	general	0	With your bare hands?!?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Within a computer, natural language is unnatural.
computers	work-money	quip	general	0	Work continues in this area.
computers	life	insult	general	0	Worthless.
computers	life	quip	general	0	Would you people stop playing these stupid games?!?!?!!!!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Writing software is more fun than working.
computers	tech	verse	general	0	Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of APL, I shall fear no evil, for I can string six primitive monadic and dyadic operators together.
computers	life	quip	general	0	Yes, we will be going to OSI, Mars, and Pluto, but not necessarily in that order.
computers	tech	insult	general	0	You are an insult to my intelligence! I demand that you log off immediately.
computers	life	quip	general	0	You are false data.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all alike.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all different.
computers	life	quip	general	0	You are in the hall of the mountain king.
computers	life	tv-quote	general	0	You are lost in the Swamps of Despair.
computers	tech	dark	general	0	You can be replaced by this computer.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You can bring any calculator you like to the midterm, as long as it doesn't dim the lights when you turn it on.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You can do this in a number of ways. IBM chose to do all of them. Why do you find that funny?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing viability of FORTRAN.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You can now buy more gates with less specifications than at any other time in history.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You can tell how far we have to go, when FORTRAN is the language of supercomputers.
computers	life	pun	general	0	You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish. You can tune a filesystem, but you can't tuna fish. -- from the tunefs(8) man page
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You can write a small letter to Grandma in the filename.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	"You can't make a program without broken egos."
computers	life	quip	general	0	You can't take damsel here now.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You do not have mail.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	You don't have to know how the computer works, just how to work the computer.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You had mail. Paul read it, so ask him what it said.
computers	life	quip	general	0	You have a massage (from the Swedish prime minister).
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You have a message from the operator.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You have acquired a scroll entitled 'irk gleknow mizk'(n).--More-- This is an IBM Manual scroll.--More-- You are permanently confused.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You have junk mail.
computers	life	quip	general	0	You have mail.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You know you've been sitting in front of your Lisp machine too long when you go out to the junk food machine and start wondering how to make it give you the CADR of Item H so you can get that yummie chocolate cupcake that's stuck behind the disgusting vanilla one.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You know you've been spending too much time on the computer when your friend misdates a check, and you suggest adding a "++" to fix it.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You know, Callahan's is a peaceable bar, but if you ask that dog what his favorite formatter is, and he says "roff! roff!", well, I'll just have to...
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You might have mail.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You must realize that the computer has it in for you. The irrefutable proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.
computers	life	quip	general	0	You scratch my tape, and I'll scratch yours.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You will have a head crash on your private pack.
computers	tech	fact	general	0	You will have many recoverable tape errors.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You will lose an important disk file.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You will lose an important tape file.
computers	life	quip	general	0	You're already carrying the sphere!
computers	life	pun	general	0	You're at Witt's End.
computers	life	quip	general	0	You're not Dave. Who are you?
computers	tech	quip	general	0	You're using a keyboard! How quaint!
computers	life	quip	general	0	You've been Berkeley'ed!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Your code should be more efficient!
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Your computer account is overdrawn. Please reauthorize.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Your computer account is overdrawn. Please see Big Brother.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Your fault -- core dumped
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket. EOF
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Your mode of life will be changed to EBCDIC.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Your password is pitifully obvious.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Your program is sick! Shoot it and put it out of its memory.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	I mean, if 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick and dirty, you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your shoulders and say to yourself, "Dijkstra would not have liked this", well that would be enough immortality for me.
computers	life	tv-quote	general	0	As seen on slashdot about what you can do with your cable modems: (http://slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=32387&cid=3495418): Summary: It's not about how you handle your equipment, it's where you have permission to stick it. The post is by "redgekko"
computers	tech	observation	general	0	"The biggest problem facing software engineering is the one it will never solve - politics."
computers	arts	quip	general	0	"Don't fear the pen. When in doubt, draw a pretty picture."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Breakpoint 1, main (argc=1, argv=0xbffffc40) at main.c:29 29 printf ("Welcome to GNU Hell!\n"); -- "GNU Libtool documentation"
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I may have invented it, but Bill made it famous
computers	tech	quip	general	0	We have a policy that we are not being hacked.
computers	life	dark	general	0	Life is NP-hard, and then you die.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Try to remove the color-problem by restarting your computer several times.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	In case it's not obvious, any solution to this problem that introduces a dependency on Java is profoundly uninteresting to me. In fact, my indifference to that could only be described as "sexual" in intensity.
computers	tech	fact	general	0	Caution: Write-protection will not prevent a cartridge being erased by bulk-erasure or degaussing.
computers	life	quip	general	0	Why would you want to do this? You don't, forget I even mentioned it.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	If, for some reason, we make some big mistake and IBM wins, my personal feeling is that we are going to enter a computer Dark Ages for about twenty years.
computers	work-money	wisdom	general	0	You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new.
computers	tech	wisdom	general	0	What a computer is to me is the most remarkable tool that we have ever come up with. It's the equivalent of a bicycle for our minds.
computers	work-money	wisdom	general	0	It's really hard to design products by focus groups. A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them.
computers	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Innovation has nothing to do with how many R&D dollars you have. When Apple came up with the Mac, IBM was spending at least 100 times more on R&D. It's not about money. It's about the people you have, how you're led, and how much you get it.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	I would trade all of my technology for an afternoon with Socrates.
computers	work-money	wisdom	general	0	That's been one of my mantras - focus and simplicity. Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it's worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains.
computers	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	UNIX is very simple, it just needs a genius to understand its simplicity.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	C is quirky, flawed, and an enormous success.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	C has "the power of assembly language and the convenience of... assembly language."
computers	tech	quip	general	0	When I read commentary about suggestions for where C should go, I often think back and give thanks that it wasn't developed under the advice of a worldwide crowd.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	To tell the truth, I don't know how Linus and his merry band manage so well -- I couldn't have stood it with C.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	It has been suggested that root kits are the largest user community for this kind of access, but there are no forward compatibility guarantees for root kit authors.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Step 1: Close AutoCAD - I know this can be difficult for some of you. You could also wait for AutoCAD to crash if you want.
computers	tech	observation	general	0	I often hear: "It is better in [insert newest version of Windows]." I have grown distrustful of this claim. -- amigojapan ( https://thewml.github.io/amigojapan-site/Self_quotes.html )
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Objective Visual Turbo Global jIronOpenPerl++.NET™ Enterprise Edition♭ Professional Home Premium Ultimate 64-bit Single-user. - based on a Freenode #perl conversation ( https://is.gd/cCUBY2 )
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Windows 10 takes 30 minutes to update. What could it possibly be doing for that long? That much time is enough to fully format my SSD drive, download a fresh build and install it like 5 times in a row. -- Nikita Prokopov -- https://tonsky.me/blog/disenchantment/
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Basically, there were two sides to the world. There was the entire computer games software industry engaged in a tremendous effort to stamp out piracy, and there was Wobbler. Currently, Wobbler was in front.
computers	tech	quip	general	0	Many people advocate "just use vanilla JavaScript, you don't need jQuery". Well, I don't need many things that are nontheless nice to have. I don't need jQuery, but it sure is nice! -- Martin Tournoij, "Why I'm still using jQuery in 2019" -- https://www.arp242.net/jquery.html
