critics	life	wisdom	general	0	A house is no home unless it contain food and fire for the mind as well as for the body.
critics	love	wisdom	general	0	A major part of love is commitment. If we are committed to someone, if I'm committed to loving you, then it's not possible for me to 'fall out of love.' ~ bell hooks
critics	society	aphorism	general	0	After each war there is a little less democracy to save.
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	All over the world, young males and females, schooled in the art of patriarchal thinking, are building an identity on a foundation that sees the will to do violence as the essential way to assert being. ~ bell hooks
critics	love	quip	general	0	All the men I fall for seem to have a commitment problem. ~ bell hooks
critics	arts	wisdom	general	0	An often-repeated assertion in the body of film criticism I have written is the assertion that movies do not just mirror the culture of any given time; they also create it. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Any society based on domination supports and condones violence. ~ bell hooks
critics	arts	wisdom	general	0	Art can only be truly art by presenting an adequate outward symbol of some fact in the interior life.
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	Be what you would seem to be - or, if you'd like it put more simply - a house is no home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body.
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Being a Jew, one learns to believe in the reality of cruelty and one learns to recognize indifference to human suffering as a fact. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	Beware of over-great pleasure in being popular or even beloved.
critics	society	dark	general	0	Blacks who lack a proper killing rage are merely victims. ~ bell hooks
critics	love	wisdom	general	0	But love is really more of an interactive process. It's about what we do not just what we feel. It's a verb, not a noun. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Certainly we can end racism with love. We can demand that the federal government change its emphasis on racial distinction. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	dark	general	0	Childbearing is glorified in part because women die from it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Class is more than money. Class is also about knowledge. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	Death is with you all the time; you get deeper in it as you move towards it, but it's not unfamiliar to you. It's always been there, so what becomes unfamiliar to you when you pass away from the moment is really life. ~ bell hooks
critics	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Don't be condescending to unskilled labor. Try it for a half a day first.
critics	life	uplifting	general	0	Drop the last year into the silent limbo of the past. Let it go, for it was imperfect, and thank God that it can go.
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	Drudgery is as necessary to call out the treasures of the mind, as harrowing and planting those of the earth.
critics	arts	quip	general	0	Essays, entitled critical, are epistles addressed to the public, through which the mind of the recluse relieves itself of its impressions.
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Every terrorist regime in the world uses isolation to break people's spirits. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Feminism is hated because women are hated. Anti-feminism is a direct expression of misogyny; it is the political defense of women hating. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	For me, forgiveness and compassion are always linked: how do we hold people accountable for wrongdoing and yet at the same time remain in touch with their humanity enough to believe in their capacity to be transformed? ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	For precocity some great price is always demanded sooner or later in life.
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Genocide begins, however improbably, in the conviction that classes of biological distinction indisputably sanction social and political discrimination. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	arts	aphorism	general	0	Good plays drive bad playgoers crazy.
critics	life	dark	general	0	I am suffocated and lost when I have not the bright feeling of progression.
critics	love	wisdom	general	0	I began writing a book on love because I felt that the United States is moving away from love. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	tv-quote	general	0	I can be standing in Barneys with my coat and purse and my selections, and some white woman will say, 'Can you get this in my size?' What she sees is a black woman, and her service button goes off. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	I don't think you can hate anything that you know intimately. There is no fine line separating love from hate because there's a deep chasm separating love from hate. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	I feel like there is always something trying to pull us back into sleep, that there is this sort of seductive quality in all the hedonistic pleasures that pull on us. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	I feel that my environment reflects my belief in the grace and art and elegance of living simply. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	I get so tired of people acting like, you know, black men and women never help each other, never support each other. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	quip	general	0	I have always been a flirt. My mother says whe I was a child, I used to stand outside the house and just smile at everyone who walked by. Like, 'Please take me with you!' ~ bell hooks
critics	love	wisdom	general	0	I have been thinking about the notion of perfect love as being without fear, and what that means for us in a world that's becoming increasingly xenophobic, tortured by fundamentalism and nationalism. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	I have created a life style that supports contemplation, service to words. ~ bell hooks
critics	family	wisdom	general	0	I love my family, even as I critique their dysfunctionalities. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	quip	general	0	I now know all the people worth knowing in America, and I find no intellect comparable to my own.
critics	society	observation	general	0	I think Black people need to take self-esteem seriously. ~ bell hooks
critics	arts	wisdom	general	0	I think I was always obsessed with esthetics. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	observation	general	0	I think life experiences are different for people who know what they want as children. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	I think the Women's movement has had a major impact on everybody's lives in our nation and in the world as a whole. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	I think the number one thing Black women and all Black people should be paying attention to is our health. ~ bell hooks
critics	family	wisdom	general	0	I thought about how we need to make children feel that there are times in their lives when they need to be alone and quiet and to be able to accept their aloneness. ~ bell hooks
critics	arts	wisdom	general	0	I told my parents when I was 12 I'd be a writer. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	I will not have my life narrowed down. I will not bow down to somebody else's whim or to someone else's ignorance. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	I'm so disturbed when my women students behave as though they can only read women, or black students behave as though they can only read blacks, or white students behave as though they can only identify with a white writer. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	I'm such a girl for the living room. I really like to stay in my nest and not move. I travel in my mind, and that that's a rigorous state of journeying for me. My body isn't that interested in moving from place to place. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	observation	general	0	I've written 18 books, mostly dealing with issues of social justice, ending racism, feminism, and cultural criticism. ~ bell hooks
critics	family	wisdom	general	0	If we give our children sound self-love, they will be able to deal with whatever life puts before them. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	In every age 'the good old days' were a myth. No one ever thought they were good at the time. For every age has consisted of crises that seemed intolerable to the people who lived through them.
critics	society	observation	general	0	In general, the mass media tell us that black people are not loving, that our lives are so fraught with violence and aggression that we have no time to love. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	In this culture, the phrase 'black woman' is not synonymous with 'tender,' or 'gentle.' It's as if those words couldn't possibly speak to the reality of black females. ~ bell hooks
critics	love	wisdom	general	0	It is a vulgar error that love, a love, to woman is her whole existence; she is born for Truth and Love in their universal energy.
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	It is astonishing what force, purity, and wisdom it requires for a human being to keep clear of falsehoods.
critics	society	quip	general	0	It really fascinates me what white people are allowed to write about. ~ bell hooks
critics	arts	wisdom	general	0	It seems not to have been written. It is the quintessence of life. It is the basic truth.
critics	love	wisdom	general	0	It seems that it is madder never to abandon one's self than often to be infatuated; better to be wounded, a captive and a slave, than always to walk in armor.
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge.
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	It's in the act of having to do things that you don't want to that you learn something about moving past the self. Past the ego. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	Life-transforming ideas have always come to me through books. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	aphorism	general	0	Live simply so that others may simply live. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	Male and female represent the two sides of the great radical dualism. But in fact they are perpetually passing into one another. Fluid hardens to solid, solid rushes to fluid. There is no wholly masculine man, no purely feminine woman.
critics	society	aphorism	general	0	Male supremacy is fused into the language, so that every sentence both heralds and affirms it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	faith	wisdom	general	0	Man tells his aspiration in his God; but in his demon he shows his depth of experience.
critics	faith	wisdom	general	0	Many spiritual teachers - in Buddhism, in Islam - have talked about first-hand experience of the world as an important part of the path to wisdom, to enlightenment. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	aphorism	general	0	Men are distinguished from women by their commitment to do violence rather than to be victimized by it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Men for the sake of getting a living forget to live.
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Men have defined the parameters of every subject. All feminist arguments, however radical in intent or consequence, are with or against assertions or premises implicit in the male system, which is made credible or authentic by the power of men to name. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	society	quip	general	0	Men know everything - all of them - all the time - no matter how stupid or inexperienced or arrogant or ignorant they are. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Men who want to support women in our struggle for freedom and justice should understand that it is not terrifically important to us that they learn to cry; it is important to us that they stop the crimes of violence against us. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Money speaks, but it speaks with a male voice. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	arts	wisdom	general	0	My idea of a delicious time is to read a book that is wonderful. But the ruling passion of my life is being a seeker after truth and the divine. ~ bell hooks
critics	nature	aphorism	general	0	Nature provides exceptions to every rule.
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	No other group in America has so had their identity socialized out of existence as have black women... When black people are talked about the focus tends to be on black men; and when women are talked about the focus tends to be on white women. ~ bell hooks
critics	love	quip	general	0	No woman needs intercourse; few women escape it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	Once you do away with the idea of people as fixed, static entities, then you see that people can change, and there is hope. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	Only the dreamer shall understand realities, though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking.
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Only when manhood is dead - and it will perish when ravaged femininity no longer sustains it - only then will we know what it is to be free. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	People everywhere enjoy believing things that they know are not true. It spares them the ordeal of thinking for themselves and taking responsibility for what they know.
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Since anti-racist individuals did not control mass media, the media became the primary tool that would be used and is still used to convince black viewers, and everyone else, of black inferiority. ~ bell hooks
critics	love	wisdom	general	0	Since loving is about knowing, we have more meaningful love relationships when we know each other and it takes time to know each other. ~ bell hooks
critics	arts	observation	general	0	Some people act as though art that is for a mass audience is not good art, and I think this has been a very negative thing. I know that I have wanted very much to write books that are accessible to the widest audience possible. ~ bell hooks
critics	family	wisdom	general	0	The character and history of each child may be a new and poetic experience to the parent, if he will let it.
critics	society	quip	general	0	The common erotic project of destroying women makes it possible for men to unite into a brotherhood; this project is the only firm and trustworthy groundwork for cooperation among males and all male bonding is based on it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	life	observation	general	0	The especial genius of women I believe to be electrical in movement, intuitive in function, spiritual in tendency.
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	The ethic of liberal individualism has so deeply permeated the psyches of blacks... of all classes that we have little support for a political ethic of communalism that promotes the sharing of resources. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	The genius of any slave system is found in the dynamics which isolate slaves from each other, obscure the reality of a common condition, and make united rebellion against the oppressor inconceivable. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	The greatest movement for social justice our country has ever known is the civil rights movement and it was totally rooted in a love ethic. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	The institutionalization of Black Studies, Feminist Studies, all of these things, led to a sense that the struggle was over for a lot of people and that one did not have to continue the personal consciousness-raising and changing of one's viewpoint. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	The most fatal illusion is the narrow point of view. Since life is growth and motion, a fixed point of view kills anybody who has one.
critics	love	wisdom	general	0	The people I love, I'm committed to loving for the rest of my life. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	The political core of any movement for freedom in the society has to have the political imperative to protect free speech. ~ bell hooks
critics	arts	wisdom	general	0	The use of criticism, in periodical writing, is to sift, not to stamp a work.
critics	faith	wisdom	general	0	The working-class black Southern Christian culture I come from still nurtures me, and I mean directly, daily. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	quip	general	0	There is a lushness to how my mind works. ~ bell hooks
critics	arts	aphorism	general	0	There is no joy so great as that of reporting that a good play has come to town.
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	These days I wonder more and more why people are pessimistic when American history actually supports optimism. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	To live fixated on the future is to engage in psychological denial. It is a form of psychic violence that prepares us to accept the violence needed to ensure the maintenance of imperialist, future-oriented society. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	aphorism	general	0	Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.
critics	love	wisdom	general	0	Two persons love in one another the future good which they aid one another to unfold.
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	Undernourished, intelligence becomes like the bloated belly of a starving child: swollen, filled with nothing the body can use. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Until the legacy of remembered and reenacted trauma is taken seriously, black America cannot heal. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Using pseudonyms was such a part of the early feminist movement. We didn't want to have this star system. We wanted attention on the ideas, not the persona of the writer. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	Very early, I knew that the only object in life was to grow.
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	We judge on the basis of what somebody looks like, skin color, whether we think they're beautiful or not. That space on the Internet allows you to converse with somebody with none of those things involved. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	We need to hear the excuses men make to themselves for their worthlessness.
critics	society	observation	general	0	What had begun as a movement to free all black people from racist oppression became a movement with its primary goal the establishment of black male patriarchy. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	observation	general	0	What's really sad is that so many young women between the ages of 16 and 25 are ignorant and they already believe that women get the same pay as men. They don't even really understand that equality hasn't happened with the pay force. ~ bell hooks
critics	life	wisdom	general	0	When we drop fear, we can draw nearer to people, we can draw nearer to the earth, we can draw nearer to all the heavenly creatures that surround us. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Whenever women struggle with breast cancer and face better care than ever, that's feminism. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	observation	general	0	While gossip among women is universally ridiculed as low and trivial, gossip among men, especially if it is about women, is called theory, or idea, or fact. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Why is it that many contemporary male thinkers, especially men of color, repudiate the imperialist legacy of Columbus but affirm dimensions of that legacy by their refusal to repudiate patriarchy? ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Women have been taught that, for us, the earth is flat, and that if we venture out, we will fall off the edge. Some of us have ventured out nevertheless, and so far we have not fallen off. It is my faith, my feminist faith, that we will not. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	society	observation	general	0	Women's fashion' is a euphemism for fashion created by men for women. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	Would that the simple maxim, that honesty is the best policy, might be laid to heart; that a sense of the true aim of life might elevate the tone of politics and trade till public and private honor become identical.
critics	arts	wisdom	general	0	Yesterday I was thinking about the whole idea of genius and creative people, and the notion that if you create some magical art, somehow that exempts you from having to pay attention to the small things. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	You can only realize change if you live simply. Once people want enormous excess, you can hardly do social change. ~ bell hooks
critics	society	wisdom	general	0	You think intercourse is a private act; it's not, it's a social act. Men are sexually predatory in life; and women are sexually manipulative. When two individuals come together and leave their gender outside the bedroom door, then they make love. ~ Andrea Dworkin
