dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	As I handed my Dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me with tears in his eyes and said, "You know, one would have been enough."
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I saw my wife, slightly drunk, yelling at the TV: "Don't go in there! Don't go in the church, you moron!" She is watching our wedding video again.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	I told my daughter, "Go to bed, the cows are sleeping in the field." She said, "What's that got to do with anything?" I said "That means it's pasture bedtime."
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife screamed "you haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?!" What a weird way to start a conversation..
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Wife: I'm pregnant Dad: Hi pregnant, i'm Dad Wife: No you're not
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	My wife accused me of hating her family and relatives... I replied, "No, I don't hate your relatives. In fact, I like your mother-in-law a lot better than I like mine."
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I just called GameStop Customer Service... They asked me to please Hold. 💎🤲
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I did it! I told a dad joke that my wife AND preteen daughter laughed at! Daughter: the dog has a piece of confetti stuck to his butt. Me: that's because he's a party pooper!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My wife has this weird OCD where she arranges the dinner plates by the year they were bought. It's an extremely rare dish order.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife is really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed up my stuff and right.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I met my boyfriend while visiting the zoo. There he was, in his uniform... straightaway I knew he was a keeper
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Today, my son asked "Can I have a book mark?" and I burst into tears. 11 years old and he still doesn't know my name is Brian.
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	For the 10th year in a row, my coworkers voted me "the most secretive guy" in the office. I can't tell you how much this award means to me.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My deaf girlfriend just told me "I think we need to talk." That's not a good sign.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Asked My Date To Meet Me At The Gym, But She Never Showed Up... Guess the two of us aren't going to work out
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife traumatically ripped the blankets off me last night. But I will recover.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Nothing's better than being 2, 3, 5, 7, 11, 13, 17, 19, 23, 29, 31, 37, 41, 43, 47, 53, 59, 61, 67, 71, 73, 79, 83, 89, or 97 years old Those are the years you're in your prime
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Was watching Star Wars with my daughter. She asked why Luke was climbing inside a Tauntaun, I said to keep warm. She asked how warm is it inside. I replied Lukewarm.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I started a nightclub for men with erectile dysfunction. It was a total flop.......and nobody came
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What has two butts and kills people? An assassin
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	A storm blew away 25% of my roof last night oof
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	3 unwritten rules of life... 1. 2. 3.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I remember asking my dad repeatedly what the acronym LGBTQ meant. I never got a straight answer.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Boss: "How good are you at PowerPoint?" - Me: "I Excel at it." - Boss: "Was that a Microsoft Office pun?" Me: "Word"
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Ladies, if he can't appreciate your fruit jokes... You need to let that mango.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	8yo nephew's an early bloomer. Gets home, tells his dad, "There was a kidnaping at school today." Dad: "What!?!" 8yo, dead serious, - "It's okay, dad. He woke up." Doesn't even smile. Walks away.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife kicked me out because of my terrible Arnold Schwarzenegger impressions. But don't worry, I'll return.
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	If H2O is Water and H2O2 is Hydrogen Peroxide, What is H2O4? Drinking
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My daughter screeched, "Daaaaaad, you haven't listened to one word I've said, have you!?" What a strange way to start a conversation with me...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I struggle with Roman Numerals until I get to 159. Then it just CLIX.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	My friend keeps saying "cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water" I know he means well
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I have a russian friend who's a sound engineer. And a Czech one too, and a Czech one too.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Genie: What is your final wish? Boy: I wish I were you. Genue: weurd but alrught.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My wife screamed in pain during labor so I asked, "What's wrong?". She screamed. "These contractions are going to kill me!!" "I am sorry, honey," I replied. "What is wrong?"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	On his deathbed, my grandfather said, "Remember these two words. It'll open a lot of doors for you in life." Push and Pull.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I told my 3yr old daughter "I'm tired." "Oh. I thought you were daddy!" I've never been so proud.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Do you know what the opposite of ladyfingers is? Mentos.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	I just saw a cashier scan the eyes of a rude customer with her barcode reader. The look on his face was priceless.
dadjokes	arts	observation	general	0	For me, the urge to sing "The Lion Sleeps Tonight" is always just a whim away... **a whim away, a whim away, a whim away, a whim away**
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My 8 year old pulled this on me Daughter: Dad, are you smart? Me: Yes. Daughter: Spell it. Me: S-M-A-R-T Daughter: You said you're smart but you can't even spell the word "it." She got me good.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	As a lumberjack, I know that I've cut exactly 2,417 trees. I know because every time I cut one, I keep a log.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I just had a near sex experience. My wife flashed before my eyes.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A man came up to me and said "Man, your clothes look gay". I said "I know, they came out of the closet this morning".
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Stopped by a roadside stand that said lobster tails $2. I paid my $2 and he said... Once upon a time there was this lobster...
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	[Warning]: 18+ 19.
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	My son told me he didn't understand cloning. I told him, 'that makes two of us'.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I told my son people keep accidentally pleading for me to purchase meat for them. He asked, "By mistake?" I shouted, "Oh come on! Not you too!"
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I dated a communist once. I had no idea. She seemed sweet. But it did NOT end well Honestly I should have noticed all the red flags
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, "No, just leave it in the carton! " P. S. thanks for the 4 people who sort by new. appreciate it.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I told my son I was named after Thomas Jefferson... He said, "But dad, your name is Brian." I said, "I know, but I was named AFTER Thomas Jefferson."
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a hen who counts her eggs? A mathemachicken
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I just saw my wife walk by with her sexiest underwear on, which can only mean one thing. It's laundry day.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I had a vasectomy because I didn't want any kids. When I got home, they were still there.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the Mexican take a Xanax? For Hispanic attacks
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	"Officer, are you crying while you are writing me a ticket?" Cop: It's a...moving violation.
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	I love telling dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs.
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	Why do the Hong Kong police wake up early? To beat the crowd.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? AYE MATEY
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	My wife told me to take a spider out instead of killing it. We went out and had beers. Cool guy, very driven, wants to be a web designer.
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	My dad banned me from saying "Hell", so I asked: "Have you thought of any alternative names for hell?" He said: "I heaven't"
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Doctor: Your brain seems to have deleted all information about 80s music! Me: Yikes! What is The Cure? Doctor: Oh my God. It is worse than I thought!
dadjokes	society	quip	general	0	The secret service isn't allowed to yell "Get down!" anymore when the president is about to be attacked now they have to yell "Donald, duck!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why is the letter B so cool? Because it's sitting in the middle of the AC
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A man in an interrogation room says, "I'm not saying a word without my lawyer present!" The cop growls, "You ARE the lawyer!" The lawyer shrieks, "Exactly! So where's my present?!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why Is Dark Spelled With A K and Not A C Because you can't c in the dark
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife told me I was terrible with directions So I packed up my things and right
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why is Pavlov's hair so soft? Because he conditions it.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A lumberjack went in to a magic forest to cut a tree. Upon arrival, he started to swing at the tree, when it shouted, "Wait! I'm a talking tree!" The lumberjack grinned, "And you will dialogue!"
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	There's a snow storm warning for NY, including Wall Street. What a terrible time for shorts.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	When I was younger, I felt like a man trapped in a woman's body ... Then I was born
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My wife to our son, "Go brush your teeth with your sister" Me from the other room, "No, use a toothbrush".
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	Dads are like Boomerangs. I hope.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	My missus asked Siri. "Surely it's not going to rain today?" Siri said "Yes it will rain, and don't call me Shirley". I think she forgot to take her phone off Airplane mode.
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	As we were driving down the road, "Sweet Caroline" came on the radio. I said to my son, "Little known fact, Neil Diamond used to be called Neil Coal." "Until the pressure got to him."
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I think my wife is secretly putting glue on my antique weapon collection. She denies it, but I'm sticking to my guns.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I met some chess players in the hotel lobby. They were bragging about how good they are. It was Chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My son asks me, "What does gay mean?" Me: "It means 'happy," Son: "Oh, so are you gay, then?" Me: "No, son, I have a wife."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Dad jokes are the best and here's why Why
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	When you're in California, make sure your mechanic uses a state flag to check your oil. Then you'll get a "Super Cali-Flagger Dipstick Expert Diagnosis."
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Today I learnt that humans eat more bananas than monkeys I can't remember the last time I ate a monkey
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Chris: Hey can I borrow a ten? Kristen: Sure! Christen: thank you Kris: Anytime
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Did you know there's no official training for a garbage collector? They just pick it up as they go.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Shout out to the people asking what the opposite of in is. &gt;
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What noise does a 747 make when it bounces? Boeing, Boeing, Boeing.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Got my girlfriend with this earlier we're heading through grocery store checkout. She looks over at the candies and says "Ooh! Mentos!" "I already have Mentos." "Really? Where?" "On my men feet!"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the 9 letters of the pirate alphabet? (CORNY ALERT) R, I, and the seven c's (Say aloud) XD this made me laugh, hope it brightens your day
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My wife said "nothing rhymes with orange" I said "No it doesn't"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My wife asked me "what starts with f and ends with k" I said "No, it doesn't".
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My son asked me what an updog was. I told him it was an older version of a henway. "What's a henway?" My son asked. "About 5 pounds" I replied.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My drunk friend was kicked out of Karaoke for singing "Danger Zone" 7 times in a row. He had exceeded the maximum number of Loggins attempts.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	The guy who stole my diary died yesterday. My thoughts are with his family.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	NASCAR bans the confederate flag? Finally a turn in the right direction.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	How do you get a farm girl to like you? A tractor
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I think it's weird that we call childbirth delivery. It should have been called takeout instead.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	So the doctor sat me down and gently revealed to me me that my child is a boy trapped in a girls body... ...Until my wife gives birth that is. Only three more months to go!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My mailman got a sex change. I guess you'd call him a post-man now.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	The school phoned me today and said, "Your son's has been telling lies. " I replied, "Tell him, he's bloody good. I don't have any kids."
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Cop: I'm arresting you for illegally downloading the entire Wikipedia! Man: Wait, I can explain everything!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Today I learned that if you're in a canoe and it flips over in water... ....you can safely wear it on your head... because it's capsized.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How many volunteers do we have for my evil army? King: How many volunteers do we have for my evil army? Squire: 384 my liege K: Ok, round them up S: 400 my liege
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I went to the shooting range for the first time and couldn't get my gun to fire. Now I have to read the trouble shooting section in the manual.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	Looks like October is... Octover
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	The Fast and The Furious 10 title should be dedicated to Paul Walker Fast 10: Your Seatbelts
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Two women were sharing the same ID card Sharon is Karen
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Doctor: "Sir, I'm afraid your DNA is backwards" Me: "And?"
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife gave me an ultimatum. It was either her or my addiction to sweets. The decision was a piece of cake.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife is threatening to leave me because I'm addicted to wearing a new T-shirt every half an hour. I said, "Wait! I can change!"
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	People always ask where I got my incredibly detailed tattoo done, but they never believe me when I tell them Spain. Nobody expects the Spanish ink precision.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	If you've heard of Murphy's law, which is that anything that can go wrong will go wrong, then have you heard of Cole's law? It's thinly sliced cabbage
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife just accused me of having zero empathy. I don't understand how she can feel that way.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	My sister bet me $15 that i couldn't build a car out of spaghetti. You should have seen the look on her face as i drove pasta.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Thanks for explaining the word "many" to me. It means a lot.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Instead of a swear jar I have a negativity jar. Everytime I have a pessimistic thought I put a dollar in it. It's half empty.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I'm trying to convince my wife that I want a Segway for my birthday. But every time I bring it up, she changes the topic.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife said, "Nothing rhymes with orange" I said no
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	My dad died on 02/19/18, this joke came to me while signing paperwork at the funeral home... What do they call the best salesman at a funeral home? The Top Urner
dadjokes	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robin: "The Batmobil isn't starting!" Batman: "Did you charge the battery?" Robin: "What the hell is a tery?"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I wasn't expecting to be diagnosed as colour blind. It really came out of the purple.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Been a dad 5 mo, so I'm a little new to this... Hit my wife with this one tonight at dinner. Me: Dinner is served as soon as you dress the salad. Wife: What are you thinking? Me: Business casual.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	I sat down for dinner at a restaurant, and the waiter asked me, "Do you want to hear today's special?" I said, "Yes please." Waiter: "No problem sir. Today is special."
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I got gas today for $1.39. Unfortunately it was at Taco Bell.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	[Driving] My wife: Hey, you missed a right. Me: Thanks babe. You Mrs. Right.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What starts with an "O", ends in "nions" and sometimes makes you cry? Opinions.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it'd be a foot!
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	My son asked me what our IP address was. I pointed to the toilet.
dadjokes	love	observation	general	0	While visiting the museum, I saw my ex girlfriend standing across the hall, but I was too self conscious to say hello. There was just too much history between us.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I always thought it would be difficult to have erectile dysfunction. But it can't be that hard.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	(Monday: Greg) (Tuesday: Ian) (Wednesday: Greg) (Thursday: Ian) (Friday: Greg) (Saturday: Ian) (Sunday: Greg) Its the Gregorian calendar
dadjokes	society	quip	general	0	Call me a racist if you want but south of the border is a sea of violence, corruption, and stupidity. I wouldn't touch it with a 10 foot pole. I just thank my lucky stars I live in Canada.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign language
dadjokes	family	dark	general	0	I once walked in on my teachers having sex Being homeschooled was never easy for me
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	What I if told you You read the title wrong.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I've just watched a documentary on marijuana. I think all documentaries should be watched this way.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm starting a tattoo business. Women who show their breasts get tattooed for free. I'll call it 'tit for tat".
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why do 9 ants get to live in an apartment for free? Because they're not tenants
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	People say circumcision doesn't hurt, but i have to disagree. I was circumcised when I was born and I couldn't walk for nearly a year. So check your facts.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	"Doc, I think I might have ADHD, because I can't remember where I parked my Ford!" Doctor: That's not how ADHD works. Man: But I keep losing my Focus!
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	A girl came up to me and said she recognised me from her vegetarian resturaunt. I was a bit confused, I'd never met herbivore.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My grandad was responsible for 28 downed german planes in WW2. Still to this day holds the record as the worst mechanic the Luftwaffe ever had.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I'm looking to sell my Delorean. It's in Great condition, low mileage.. Only driven from time to time!
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife caught me standing on the bathroom scale, sucking in my stomach... "Ha­­! That's not going to help," she said. "Sure, it does," I said. "It's the only way I can see the numbers."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My friend claims that he "accidentally" glued himself to his autobiography, but I don't believe him. But that's his story, and he's sticking to it.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I finally bought the limited edition Thesaurus from Amazon that I've always wanted. When I opened it, all the pages were blank. I have no words to describe how angry I am.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife just accused me of having zero empathy. I just don't understand why she feels that way.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Dad: Hey son did you know that there was a kidnapping at a school today? Son: What happened Father: The teacher woke him up
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Mum, dad, I'm gay Mum: *looks at dad* Dad: *clenches fist and sweats* Mum: No, don- Dad: HI GAY I'M DAD
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Think of a number between 5 and 15. Multiply by 2, add 3, and subtract 7 from the answer. Now close your eyes. Dark, isn't it?
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What does Pac-Man eat with his chips? Guacawakamole.
dadjokes	science	quip	general	0	Mitochondria would be a great prison nickname. They'd be the powerhouse of the cell.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Never date a tennis player Love means nothing to them
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I took my new gun to the range to try it out, but somehow it won't work. Now I have to read the trouble shooting section in the manual.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Edgar Allan Poe is about to run into a tree. What do you yell at him? POETRY!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	The last 4 letters of "queue" aren't silent They're waiting for their turn
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Before we were married, my wife used to clean up my place, and i used to clean hers. Eventually we realized that we were maid for each other.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was Diagnosed with chronic fear of Giants FeeFiphobia
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Are people born with a photographic memory? Or does it take time to develop?
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	When 2 people have sex, its a twosome. When 3 people have sex, its a threesome Now I know why people call you handsome
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Why do dads tell dad jokes? Because they want to see their kids all groan up.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Dad : "I need to call the doctor today." Mom : "Which doctor?" Dad : "No, the regular kind."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What does a house wear? Address
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm friends with 25 letters of the alphabet I don't know y
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I'm still single on Star Wars Day... Apparently I've been looking for love in Alderaan places.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Did you know the first French Fries weren't cooked in France? They were actually cooked in Greece
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	If I was an injured cat, Me: Ow.
dadjokes	love	dark	general	0	Women are like grenades... Remove the ring and your house is gone.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's a song that costs 45¢? A song by 50cent ft Nickelback
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call someone who can't stop watching films with strong female leads? A heroine addict
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	My statistics professor told us that the larger the sample size, the more reliable are your averages. The N's justify the means.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Never challenge Death to a pillow fight. Unless you're prepared to handle the reaper cushions.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	We should have known communism wouldn't work There were so many red flags.
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	Interviewer: How do you explain this 4 year gap on your resume? Me: That's when I went to Yale... Interviewer: That's impressive. You are hired. Me: Thanks. I really need this Yob.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	When I was a kid, my parents would always say, "Excuse my French" after a swear word... I'll never forget that first day at school when the teacher asked did we know any French...
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My wife: Honey, do you think our kids are spoiled? Me: No, I think most of them smell that way.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Is "buttcheeks" one word? Or should I spread them apart?
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I've decided to become a math teacher, but I'm only going to teach subtraction. I just want to make a difference.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Scientists record the sound of two helium atoms laughing. HeHe
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	The guy at the tuxedo store keeps hovering around me, so I asked him to leave me alone. He said, "Fine. Suit yourself."
dadjokes	faith	joke	general	0	I only believe in 12.5% of the bible I'm an eighth theist
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	To the person who stole my glasses I will find you, I have contacts
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My grandfather keeps telling us that when he dies, we should try to convert his ashes into a diamond. That's a lot of pressure.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	A guy just told me that my wife and my daughter look like sisters. I told him, "Well, they were separated at birth."
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I checked out r/rareinsults the other day but most insults were actually well done...
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I just found out Canada isn't real Turns out it was all mapleleaf
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I showed my damaged luggage to a lawyer, and said, "I want to sue the airline!" The lawyer said, "You don't have much of a case."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call karate for amputees? Partial arts
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	People say circumcision doesn't hurt, but i disagree. i was circumcised when i was born and i couldn't walk for over a year.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I'm on a plane and the lunch choices are: white meat chicken or German sausage. Unfortunately, I'm seated in the last row. I'm hoping for the breast, but preparing for the wurst.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Rest in peace boiling water. You will be mist.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why is the letter "C" afraid of the rest of the alphabet? Because all the other letters are Not-Cs
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the longest word in the dictionary? Smiles. Because there's a mile between the two S's. My dad told me this one this morning.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I am suspicious that my wife is secretly adding glue to my weapons collection. She denies it, but I'm sticking to my guns.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a guy with formal wear on a bicycle and a guy with casual wear on a unicycle? Attire
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What happens if the average number of bullies at a school goes up?? The mean increases.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	Getting my toy drone stuck in the tree isn't the worst thing that happened to me today. But it's definitely up there.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I've got this awful disease where I can't stop telling airport jokes The doctor says it's terminal
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Me: this is my house Friend: what's upstairs Me: stairs don't talk
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was arrested the other day for stealing people's electrons. I was heavily charged, despite my victims saying it was an overall positive experience.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife asked me to stop singing Wonder wall to her I said maybe
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I found out why nurses carry red crayons In case they have to draw blood.
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	"Help! There's a mysterous force pulling me into the floor!" Wife: "Please get up off the floor and stop embarrassing yourself." Dad: "Honey, do you not understand the gravity of this situation?!"
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	Two chinese Christians are having a contest to see who can contact God the fastest. After one wins, the other looks at him and says "Well prayed"
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Would anyone be interested in being my companion? Asking for a friend.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	It's probably not safe for me to be driving this car right now. But hey, bad brakes have never stopped me before.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I saw my ex girlfriend across the museum hall, but I felt too self conscious to go say hello. There was just too much history between us.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I never understood why people dislike vegans so much. I have never had a beef with them.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get for you? " "Pop," goes the weasel.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife is still mad at me because I accidentally put superglue on her pen a few days ago. She just can't seem to let it go.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Doctor: I'm afraid we've had to remove your colon Me Why?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a kinky dinosaur? A Doyouhaveasoreass
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Just heard about a dwarf who was pickpocketed How could anyone stoop so low?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm so upset! Someone stole my limbo stick! I mean how low can you go
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Do you know where in a hospital the invisible man can't hide? The I. C. U.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the non-binary prospector head out West? Because there was gold in them/their hills!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My wife yelled at me, telling me to put the toilet seat down... Don't know why I was carrying it around in the first place.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm never again donating money to anyone collecting for a marathon. They just take the money and run.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	I watched a movie about graphs last night, but I was slightly disappointed. The plot was predictable, and the special f(x) was terrible.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, "Dad, can't you just use a sponge?"
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	What did 0 say to 8? Nice belt.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's blue and doesn't weigh very much? Light Blue
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	The internet connection in my farm was really sketchy, so I moved the modem to the barn. Now I have stable wifi.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I just got fired, and as severance, my company gave me a bag of used coffee. They said it was grounds for termination.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Someone told me my clothes were gay. I said, "Yeah, they came out of the closet this morning."
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Know what's remarkable? Whiteboards.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	Dad, are we pyromaniacs? Yes, we arson.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My son's math teacher called him average I just think he's mean
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife first agreed to a date after I gave her a bottle of tonic water. I Schwepped her off her feet.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My Mexican uncle takes anti-anxiety medication. It's for Hispanic attacks.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My grandfather died because the report said he had Type A blood. Unfortunately it was a Type-O.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	TIL: A thousand years ago, the boomerang was Australia's chief export. And import.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	What's a paedophiles favourite shoes? White vans
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I recently started a band called 999 megabytes. We're good but we still haven't gotten a gig yet.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	In order to have a murder of crows, there must be probable caws. &amp;#x200B;
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I grew facial hair without telling anyone. It's my secret 'stache.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I accidentally swallowed a bunch of scrabble tiles. My next trip to the bathroom could spell disaster.
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why do astronomers put beef in their shampoo? For meatier showers
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	My wife said that I won't advance in my career because I procrastinate too much. I said, "Oh yeah? Just you wait."
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	I cooked a medium rare steak for my friend and he said, "I like it well done." I said, "Thanks. That means a lot."
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My parents said to me that the world didn't revolve around me. But I'm their sun
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	A man assaulted me with milk, cream and butter ! How dairy
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I came home and saw a note from my wife stuck on the fridge: "I'm sorry. This isn't working. You take things too literally. Goodbye." She will be so happy when she finds out I ordered a new one.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife forgot the code to her luggage, but I figured it out. You can say... I solved the case.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Where do crayons go for vacation?? Colorado. (My 8 year old just made it up)
dadjokes	work-money	dark	general	0	I lost my job at the bank my very first day A woman asked me to check her balance so I pushed her over
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A Mexican magician tells the audience he will disappear on the count of three. Uno, dos... *poof*. He disappeared without a tres.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	If cardboard had a favorite sport, what would it be? Boxing
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My wife yelled, "Hey, the sun's coming out!" So I wore my shorts and flip flops and came downstairs. Found my son holding hand with his boyfriend.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	As I put my car in reverse, I thought to myself... "This takes me back."
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	"Hey dad, have you seen my sunglasses?" "Hey son, have you seen my dadglasses?"
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	A friend of mine tries to impress girls by drawing realistic paintings of the Ford F-150. He's a pickup artist.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	The recipe said, "Set the oven to 180 degrees." Now I can't open the oven, as the door faces the wall.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Why are the North Koreans the best at geometry? Because they've got a Supreme Ruler.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I just got a new job at a prison library. It has its prose and cons.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I accidentally handed my wife a glue stick instead of a chapstick. She still isn't talking to me.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Can't imagine someone not understanding what erectile dysfunction is I mean, it's not very hard.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I found a rock yesterday which measured 1760 yards in length... Must be some kind of milestone...
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a bee who can't make up his mind? A maybe.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I hate it when people say age is only a number Age is clearly a word
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do fish live in salt water? Because if they lived in pepper water, they would sneeze.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	What's a decent Asian stereotype? I like Sony and Yamaha.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you know the people in Dubai don't like the flinstones... But the people in Abu Dhabi Do
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	A platypus walks into a bar owned by a duck. He finishes his drink and asks for his check. Duck billed platypus.
dadjokes	nature	dark	general	0	Steve Irwin died the way he lived. With animals in his heart.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Her: Do you think our kids are spoiled? Me: No, I think most kids smell that way.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Dad, showing me his pinky : "Did you know that the Chinese don't have that finger ?" Me : "What ? No." Dad : "wanna know why ?" Me: "yeah" It's because it's MY pinky.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	I don't understand why some people use fractions instead of decimals. It's pointless.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the Mexican take anti anxiety medication For Hispanic attacks
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you say "Sup dawg?" in Japanese? Konichihuahua
dadjokes	health-body	joke	general	0	My therapist told me that I have trouble interpreting social cues. I think she's in love with me.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My friend asked me if I could name two different structures that hold water. I said, "Well, dam..."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I passed all my courses except for Greek mythology. That has always been my Achilles' elbow.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a cheap cicumcision? A rip off.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What does a 6'5" butcher weigh? Meat.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Dwayne Johnson paid me to clean up and organize his craft room, but sadly, I lost his scrapbook cutting tool. I lost the Rock's paper scissors.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad didn't love me as a child, but I don't really blame him. I wasn't born until he was an adult.
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	What do you get when you cross Captain America and The Hulk The Star Spangled Banner
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	A kid lights his house on fire. Dad: *putting arm around his wife, both tearing up* That's arson.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My friend asked my daughter, "How old is your father?" "As old as me." she replied. He laughed and asked, "How can *that* be?!" She said, "Well, he didn't become a father until I was born."
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because they lactose.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I keep having this dream about a horse in full battle armor. Actually it's probably more of a knight mare.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	The 5 signs of laziness 1.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	I married my wife for her looks, but not the ones she's been giving me lately.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	Her: You got a vasectomy without talking to me? Are you serious? Him: Yes, I'm not kidding you.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	I had a bunch of books fall on me I only have my shelf to blame.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I asked the guy in the store where is the terminator dvd ... He responded, "Aisle B, Back"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My mom hired a handyman and gave him a list. When she got back home, only #1,3 &amp; 5 were completed. Turned out he only does odd jobs.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	My wife is furious at our next door neighbor who sunbathes topless in her backyard. Personally, I'm on the fence.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	As I handed my dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me with tears in his eyes and said Y'know, one would have been enough.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	For years I've suspected my wife of adding soil to my garden. When I asked her about it, she just shrugged. The plot thickens...
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	I hate cliffhangers because
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Studies show that 4 out of 5 men suffer from diarrhea at some point in their life. Why are 1 out of 5 men enjoying it??
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	We were watching a documentary on African wildlife, and my son asked me, "Is it difficult to spot cheetahs?" Me: No, I think they come that way.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Why do blind people hate skydiving? It scares the hell out of their dogs.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My dad always told me, "Don't be quick to find faults"... Good man, terrible geologist...
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I called work this morning and whispered, "Sorry boss, I can't come in today. I have a wee cough." He exclaimed, "You have a wee cough!?" I said, "Really?! Thanks boss, see you next week!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	When does a joke become a dad-joke? When it's apparent
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I said to my son, "There's only one thing about Halloween that scares me." He asked, "Which is?" I replied, "Exactly!"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I bought my friend an elephant for his room. He said, "Thank you." I said, "Don't mention it."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My daughter asked me, "Dad, why is your nose in the middle of your face?" I smirked and replied, "Because it's the scenter."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is it called when one butt cheek is bigger than the other? Assymmetrical
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	If two vegans get in an argument is it still considered beef? Told by my 12 year old brother, he got poor reactions from my siblings but I assured him the joke was well done.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Accidentally gave my girlfriend a gluestick instead of chapstick. She still isn't talking to me.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I dig, you dig, we dig, she dig, he dig, they dig. It's not a beautiful poem, but it's very deep.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call an alligator wearing a vest? An investigator
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you say to a woman who has given birth to members of the military? Thank you for your cervix.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	I want to die like my grandpa did, in his sleep. Not screaming like the people in the back seat of his car.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the nut say when chasing the other nut? I'm a cashew
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why didn't Elsa see a doctor for her sore throat and cough? Because a cold never bothered her anyway! ~ My youngest son thought of that all by himself! He's a 38-year-old lawyer in Nebraska...
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Step 1: Name your dog 5 miles. Step 2: Brag that you walk 5 miles every day
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	I just saw a friend of mine sweep a girl off her feet. He's quite an aggressive janitor.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I bet none of you will see this one coming 1
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	"How long have you been chopping wood for?" "Not sure. Let me check the logs."
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Alligators can grow up to 15 feet But most have only four
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I just read a list of "100 Things To Do Before You Die" and I was quite surprised that... "Yell for help!" wasn't one of them.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My grandfather is 85 and he still doesn't need glasses. He drinks straight from the bottle.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My boy asked me to hand him his sunglasses. I told him I'd do it as soon as he hands me my dadglasses
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I hope Elon Musk does not get involved in any major scandal. Because Elon-gate will go on forever.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I went into the local library and asked if they had any books on the Titanic... "Oh yes, quite a few." the librarian said. "Sorry to hear that!" I said laughing. "They'll all be ruined by now!"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's something a drug dealer would never ask? "Is Pepsi okay?"
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	Just witnessed this classic on the bus **Passenger:** Which bus are you? **Driver:** I'm not a bus, I'm the driver.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	My favourite word is "Drool" It sort of rolls off the tongue
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	If number 666 is evil, then 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If I were a trumpet player I would constantly borrow other people's trumpets. I'd hate to toot my own horn.
dadjokes	love	dark	general	0	My wife always says the way to a man's heart is through his stomach... Lovely woman. Useless surgeon.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Joseph Stalin should have known communism wouldn't work... I mean seriously, there were red flags everywhere.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	To the guy who invented zero: Thanks for nothing.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did Jay-Z call his girlfriend before they got married? Feyoncé
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What does a panda use to make pancakes? A pan...duh
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	My wife told me to take the spider out instead of killing it... We went and had some drinks. Cool guy. Wants to be a web developer.
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	I tried to explain to my four-year-old son that it's perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants... But he's not buying it. In fact, he's still making fun of me.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a polar bear in the jungle? Lost
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	SCUBA is an acronym for Self Contained Underwater Breathing Apparatus. What you may not know is that Tuba is also an acronym... For Terrible Underwater Breathing Apparatus
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	What do you call a 3.14 meter long snake? A πthon
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call someone who doesn't fart in public? A private tutor
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I admit I was wrong about how good my chiropractor is. I stand corrected.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A man says to a werewolf, "You're a werewolf." The werewolf says, "I'm awere."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the guy who dipped his ballsack in glitter? Pretty Nuts.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Oops.. I just broke two of my dad's old Queen records Now I want break three
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My wife is furious at me for buying an expensive make-your-own-perfume kit. But it just made scents to me.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Police in my town are looking for a crazy man. He was last seen trying to have sex with the laundry machine. Nut screws washer and bolts.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	If a blue bird has blue babies, and a black bird has black babies, what kind of bird has no babies? A swallow.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	My boss said to me, "you're the worst train driver ever. How many have you derailed this year?" I said, "I'm not sure; it's hard to keep track."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I saw a sign that said 'do not touch', however there was something weird about the sign.... I couldn't put my finger on it....
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Sometimes, my wife makes it *too* easy. "I need to call the doctor today." "Which doctor?" "No, the regular kind."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	People who rob jewelry stores and banks are pretty bad. But people who rob bakeries really take the cake.
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	I love politically incorrect jokes. Here's my favorite. Benjamin Franklin was a great President.
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	My friend told me he was Jewish. I was like, "No way!" And he was like, "Yahweh."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	The Only Thing Flat-Earthers Fear... is sphere itself.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	The year 2020 is going to be filled with so many puns about perfect vision I can just see it now.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Guys, to be frank I would have to change my name
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	I just caught a glimpse of my wife wearing her sexy underwear. This can only mean one thing. Today is laundry day.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I bought shoes from a drug dealer once... I don't know what he laced them with but I was tripping all day.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	KID: "Dad, make me a sandwich!" DAD: "Poof, you're a sandwich!"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My daughter was having a pretend dinner party with her teddy bear... She asked, "Do you want anything to eat, Mr. Bear?" In my best bear voice, I replied, "No thanks, I'm stuffed."
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I was once in a band called 999 megabytes. We could never quite get a gig.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I love the way the earth rotates. It really makes my day.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I broke my finger today But on the other hand im fine
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What happens if you throw a Finnish sailor overboard? Helsinki
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do u call an elephant that doesn't matter? irrelephant ...,,,,That was the most stupidest joke ,sorry
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	100 years ago everyone owned horses and only the rich drove cars These days everyone drives cars and only the rich own horses. Oh how the stables have turned.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I don't often tell dad jokes, But when I do, he laughs
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Juggling seems fun But I just don't have the balls to do it
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	The three unwritten rules of life. 1. 2. 3.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's blue and not heavy Light blue
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I made a graph for my past relationships. It has an ex-axis and a why-axis.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the train robbery down in Mexico? They said the robber had a loco-motive.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My neighbor blamed my gravel for making him fall... But it was his dumb asphalt...
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Why are people talking about Mayweather? It's August
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Evolution is so strange. Dolphins started off as sea creatures, then evolved to have legs, only to eventually return to the sea and lose them. Kinda defeets the porpoise, don't you think?
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honeycombs!
dadjokes	life	wisdom	general	0	My wife wants me to be more sensitive. So I got her abacus beads for her birthday. She said, "What the hell are these?" I said, "It's the little things that count."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a comedian who can't remember the punchline Idk I'm the one who's asking
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Every time we go over a railroad crossing, I tell my kids... "Hey, a train just went by!" "How do you know daddy?" "Because its tracks are still here!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I broke my finger yesterday... ... on the other hand, I'm okay.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	How did the people behind the latest hack escape? They ransomware.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Once a man assaulted me with milk, butter, and cheese. How dairy.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	My wife warned me not to steal the kitchen utensils But it's a whisk I'm willing to take.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife was really mad at the fact that I have no sense of direction. So I packed my bags and right.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Two potatoes on the street, which one is the prostitute? The one that says Idaho
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	In memory of my Dad, here's his favorite joke: Whats the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast beef.
dadjokes	faith	joke	general	0	What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A roamin' Catholic.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I got lost when finding my partner at the last BDSM party... Oops, wrong sub
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I need help with my sewing Oops, wrong thread.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I farted in the Apple store, and everyone got mad. It's not my fault that they didn't have Windows.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	People in Athens hate getting up early Because dawn is tough on Greece
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	David Hasselhoff has started to refer to himself as Hoff. It's less of a hassle.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	My Dad died due to us not being able to remember his blood type. As he died, he kept insisting that we "be positive", but it's hard without him.
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	I gave up my seat to a blind person on the bus. That's how I lost my job as a bus driver.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why didnt the toilet paper cross the road? It got stuck in a crack.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What kind of fire leaves a room damp? A humidifire.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Somebody should market a beer called "Occasionally". So when asked, I can say, "I only drink occasionally".
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Of all my body parts, my fingers are the most reliable. I can always count on them.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you get when you cross the Atlantic with the Titanic About halfway there
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	I have a playlist of songs from Eminem, The Cranberries, and the Peanuts. I named it The Trail Mix.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	What's Justin Timberlake's favorite part of Ukraine? The Crimea River
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did Waldo wear stripes? Cause he didn't want to be spotted!
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	You might not believe that today is Canada's 150th birthday. It's Trudeau.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	A man tried to sell me a coffin today. I told him that's the last thing I need. This joke has me dead.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A man on one side of a river shouts to a man standing on the other side, "Hey, how do I get to the other side of the river?" The other man responds, "You are on the other side of the river."
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	What's the fastest liquid on earth? Milk. Its pasteurized before you can see it
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	It's a five minute walk from my house to the pub. It's a 35 minute walk from the pub to my house. The difference is staggering
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My friend couldn't afford to pay his water bill. So I sent him a "get well soon" card.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A traffic cop went to the trouble of leaving a note under the wipers to let me know I'd positioned my car correctly. It said "Parking fine". So that was nice.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife refuses to go to Karaoke with me. I have to duet alone.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the hipster drown? He went ice skating on the pond before it was cool
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a magical bra? An abracadabra.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I said to my wife, "They say that childbirth is the most painful thing someone can experience..." "Now, maybe I was too young to remember, but I didn't think it hurt that much."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I walked in on my wife yelling that she hated low lying clouds... I hadn't the foggiest idea what I mist.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Right after we sat down for dinner, the waiter said, "Would you like to hear today's special?" I said, "Yes please, thanks." The waiter responded: Today is special.
dadjokes	food	observation	general	0	Today I learned that humans eat more bananas than monkeys..... And I gotta say that's true because I can't remember the last time I ate a monkey
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My daughter yesterday: "Dad you're like a social vegan..." "You avoid 'meet' whenever possible". Clearly I've raised her well.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Orion's Belt is a huge waist of space. Terrible joke, only 3 stars. Edit: I've been told there is a triple star system and a binary pair so it may be 6 star joke
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you know how heavy a red hot chili pepper is? Give it a weigh, give a weigh, give it a weigh now...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Found a joke I think is really underrated Rated A joke
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I saw an ad in a shop window, "Television for sale, $1, volume stuck on full", I thought "I can't turn that down."
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Its important to keep some candy in your pocket at all times. It could be a lifesaver.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	LPT: If you accidentally drop ice cubes on the floor, quietly slip them under the refrigerator. Soon it will be water under the fridge.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	The Sun and Moon walked into a coffee shop today... Sun: "Oh man, I forgot my wallet!" Moon: "Don't worry, I'll cover you."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Doctor: You have a severe iron deficiency. Me: How did you know? I just walked in! Doctor: Your shirt is all wrinkled.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My son just became a father for the first time today... And in passing on the paternal torch, when he asked me where I kept all my dad jokes, I told him...they were stored in my dadabase....
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I don't like people who take drugs... For example, airport security.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do you never see hippos hiding in trees? Because they're very good at it.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the drummer name his twin daughters? Anna One....Anna Two
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	2 is a very unique number It became prime against all odds.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the stadium get so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a guitar, a fish, and glue? You can tune a guitar, but you can't tuna fish!
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I have a lot of jokes about unemployed people. But none of them work
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a youtuber who is a werewolf a Lykensubscribe
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Just saw my son crying because he doesn't know what a homophone is. To comfort him I sat next to him, patted his back and said, "They're, their, there..."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	If I had $1,000,000, I'd donate a quarter of it to charity. Then I'll have $999,999.75.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I've been a limo driver for 25 years and haven't had a single customer. All that time and nothing to chauffeur it...
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	Is your refrigerator running? Because I might vote for it...
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	What is Pac Man's favourite snack? ...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My wife gets upset at me for hiding kitchen utensils. But that's a whisk I'm willing to take.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My pregnant wife asked me if I ever worried it would be too hot for the baby inside her... I said, "Nah, it's probably womb temperature."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I hired lawyers to sue the airline company for mishandling my luggage. They lost my case.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I began reading a horror novel in Braille. Something bad is about to happen, I can feel it.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call fake potatoes? Imitaters
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I finally quit drinking for good now I drink for evil.
dadjokes	science	dark	general	0	Why can't T-Rex's clap their hands? Because they are extinct.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	Sometimes I tell dad jokes Sometimes he laughs
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife complains that I never buy her flowers. I didn't know she sold any!
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	What do you call a small mother? A minimum
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My sister majored in Philosophy. I saw her sobbing the other day, worried she won't get a job. I said, "Are you having an existential cry, sis?"
dadjokes	love	dark	general	0	10 years ago today, I married my best friend.. My wife is still angry about it but me &amp; Dave were drunk and thought it was hilarious
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Yesterday, I crossed a road, changed a light bulb and walked into a bar. My life is turning into a joke.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Why were the dark ages called the dark ages? There were too many knights.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I had a dream the ocean was filled with orange soda It was a Fanta sea.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	A new study reveals that listening to a Queen album might be bad for your health. Because of the unusually high Mercury content.
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	You know there's no official training for garbage men? They just pick things up as they go along.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Son: Dad, according to the manual, it's not a good idea to have the volume of your phone turned up to the maximum. Dad: That's sound advice.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Dad, why do scuba divers roll backwards off the boat? Because, son, if they rolled forwards they'd still be in the boat.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	9 months isn't really that long It only feels like a maternity
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife sighed, "Why does everything have to be a game with you?" "An excellent question sweetheart!" I said. "But next time, please use the buzzer!"
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	I just found out my friend has a secret life as a priest It's his altar ego
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I saw an advertisement that read: "Television for sale, $1, volume stuck on full." I thought to myself, "I can't turn that down!"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My wife says I'm addicted to drinking brake fluid Joke's on her, I can stop whenever I like
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	A good romance starts with a good friendship. A bad romance on the other hand starts with... Ra ra ah ah ah, ro ma ro ma ma, ga ga ooh la la, want yo bad romance.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	British police confirm that an entire northern town has gone missing unfortunately, they have no Leeds
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My friend said. "I am late. I have to go and feed my baby hamsters." I said, " Are you sure your baby would like it?"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Not to brag, but yesterday I beat the state chess champion in less than five moves. Finally my high school karate lessons came to some use.
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	I don't usually tell dad jokes. But when I do, he laughs.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	What country doesn't take cash or credit? The Czech Republic
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Got my wife today while airing up a tire Her- "Why in the world did they start charging for AIR?!" Me- "Inflation"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad always used to say, "The sky's the limit!" Which is probably why he got fired from his job at N.A.S.A.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why is milk the fastest thing ever? Because it's pasteurized before you see it.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	The inventor of the throat lozenge has died. There will be no coffin at his funeral.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What word in the dictionary is always spelled incorrectly? Incorrectly
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Yesterday I spotted an albino dalmatian It was the least I could do for him
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	6 was afraid of 7 because 7 8 9. But why did 7 eat 9? It heard you were supposed to have three squared meals a day.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My 17 YO Son is ready for kids: B: "Hey dad, how many animals can jump higher than a building?" Me: "I Don't know." B: "All of them, buildings can't jump." Me: ಠ_ಠ
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why don't cows wear flip flops? They lactose.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I said to my dad 'What rhymes with orange?' He said, no it doesn't.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	I told my wife she drew her eyebrows abit high today she seemed suprised
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I can't take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keeps attacking him. I guess that's what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	If you build a man a fire he will be warm for a day. If you set a man on fire he will be warm for the rest of his life.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	If you're born on Earth Day, then it's your B-Earth-Day. Ba-dum-tss - Yes, I'm born on Earth Day - Yes, I also posted this in r/Showerthoughts - Yes, no one asked for the above answers.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I went to my backyard and saw a bird of prey eating avocado toast. It was a millennial falcon.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why would T. Rex struggle to play the piano? They're extinct.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	"Son, I found a condom in your room." "Gee thanks, Grandpa!" "Why are you calling me Grandpa?" "Because I couldn't find it yesterday."
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I googled "cigarette lighter" and got 150000 matches. Now I don't need the lighter.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	[At the wedding] Priest: Repeat after me... Groom: After me.. Priest, looking at bride: Is he serious? Bride: No, his name is Mike.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Just dad joked my dad. My dad was feeling his wallet in his back pocket and says, "My wallet is cold." I said, "Maybe they froze all your bank accounts?" EDIT: A word.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I dated a one legged girl who worked at a brewery. She was in charge of the hops.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	The easiest word to spell People have always told me that icy is the easiest word to spell, and now that I think about it, i see why
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Mike Tyson was thinking the other day. He yelled out, "Thomeone help me! I can't thwim."
dadjokes	arts	observation	general	0	Did you know that Stephen King's son is Joe? I'm not joking but he is
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	The punchline comes before the question. What's the worst part about time traveling jokes?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I farted in front of my son... He said "That sounded like a duck!" I told him "That's because I have a butt quack"
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife found out I was cheating on her, after she found all the letters I was hiding... She got so mad and said she's never playing Scrabble with me again...
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Chinese takeout: $11.77. Price of gas to get there: $1.90. Making it all the way home and realizing that they forgot one of the containers: Riceless.
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	I got fired from the frozen orange juice factory today. I just couldn't concentrate.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Ever since I installed Adblocker, I have been severely depressed. Hot singles in my area are no longer interested in me.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do the Romans use to cut their pizza? lil Ceasers
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My Sister Bet Me $15 I Couldn't Build a Car Out Of Spaghetti You should of seen her face as I drove pasta.
dadjokes	nature	fact	general	0	You can actually tell the sex of an ant by dropping it in water. If they float, they're boy ant.
dadjokes	family	dark	general	0	Dad (having an heart attack): Son call me an ambulance... Son actually calls an ambulance. Dad dies of disappointment.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I can't remember what 51, 6 and 500 are in roman numerals. I'm LIVID
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Fast and furious 10's name has been leaked. Fas10 your seatbelts I apologise
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	When does a joke become a dad joke? When the punchline becomes apparent.
dadjokes	nature	observation	general	0	Sometimes when birds fly, they fly in a V shape, and sometimes one side of that V is longer than the other. You know why that is? There's more birds on that side.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call Nikki Minaj's butt crack? Silicon Valley.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	I refused to believe my dad got fired as a road worker for theft. But when I got home, all the signs were there.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	A pizza walks into a bar and orders a drink. The bartender says... "Sorry, we dont serve food here."
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	My GPS just told me to turn around. Now I can't see where I'm driving.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I told my girlfriend she was drawing her eyebrows on too high the other day, she looked surprised.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	"Okay Fred, Shaggy and Daphne, can you name an animal that lives in Africa and has a large horn on its face?" "Rhino!" "We know you know the answer, Scooby, but it's not your turn."
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I heard that you can now print a gun off a 3D printer, but I am not impressed. I've had a Canon printer for years.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My daughter asked if I am going to die someday. I said "Don't worry sweetheart. I promise I'll be alive for the rest of my life." She looked relieved.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I asked my wife what she wanted for Christmas She said to me "nothing would make me happier than a diamond necklace." So I bought her nothing
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	I ran into the office this morning and switched the m and n keys on as many keyboards as I could. Some might call me a monster but The rest are definitely goimg to call ne a nomster.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	I love the rotation of the Earth, It really makes my day.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Friend: Ur mom gay Me: Which one
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I don't put an orange in my beer often Except maybe once in a Blue Moon
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	After I gave my dad his 50th birthday card, he said to me: "One would have been enough."
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	SpongeBob may be the main character of the show. But Patrick is the star.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	The doctor told me to get in a bathtub full of milk to soothe my sunburn, I asked him 'pasteurized?' he said... 'No, just up to your neck'
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	If Americans switched from pounds to kilograms overnight. There would be mass confusion
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	Have you heard of atheism? It's a non-prophet organization
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Bee keepers have the prettiest eyes Because beauty is in the eye of the bee holder
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I got dishonourably discharged from the Navy yesterday for accidentally boarding a different vessel. Oops, wrong sub.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A guy walks into a bar and takes a seat... The bartender says "Hey! Bring that back"
dadjokes	family	dark	general	0	When my mom was in labor, my head got stuck in her, and the midwife had to pull me out. That's how excited I was to see my little brother.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the lifeguard not rescue the hippy? He was too far out man!
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	9 yo daughter: "You know, dad; I think I have your sense of humour." Me (rather pleased): "Really?" Her: "Yes. Would you like it back?"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why does Yoda believe that it's five who is afraid of seven? Because 6 7 8.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Where do poor Italians live? In the spaghetto. *everyone is facepalming* ... Spaget it? - My dad yesterday evening.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I am terrified of elevators I'm going to start taking steps to avoid them
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What Sith Lord immobilizes his opponents instead of killing them? Darth Ritis.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why don't blind people go skydiving It scares the dog
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call it when a chameleon can't change colors anymore? A reptile dysfunction
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I don't think Jeremy Clarkson or Richard Hammond know what they're doing... But James May
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Why can't T-Rexes clap their hands? Cause they're extinct.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	What did the drummer call his two twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Here's one in spanish UNO.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My son's Math Teacher called him average. I think he's mean.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	When I noticed "HI" in the alphabet, I thought someone was actually going to be my friend... Then I saw the next two letters...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I like my ceiling... It's not the best, but it's up there
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the chemist who was arrested? He threw sodium chloride at his wife, that's a salt.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a cat and a comma One has claws at the end of it's paws, one is a pause at the end of a clause
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why does Waldo wear a striped shirt? Well, he sure doesn't want to be spotted
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	I used to be a member of the secret cooking society... But they kicked me out for spilling the beans...
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Space heaters are the perfect housewarming gifts. Posted this in r/ShowerThoughts but it got taken down, despite the fact that it's 100% truth.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I went to the zoo yesterday and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	My wife insists that guys in camouflage look sexy. I just don't see it.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	"Doc, I feel constopetid!!" Doctor: I think you mean constipated. Man: No, I had a vowel movement.
dadjokes	health-body	quip	general	0	My wife is a body builder. Yep, she's pregnant.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A genie asked, "What's your first wish?" Steve answered, "I wish I was rich." And the genie said, "What's your second wish, Rich?"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I entered a dad joke competition and won $1000 It was a grand dad joke
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I killed a chicken last week Now I Think I'm getting haunted by a poultrygeist
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	What's the best kind of pan to make sushi in? Japan
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My girlfriend and I haven't gone to the gym in over a year. Our relationship isn't working out.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	I heard Kim Jong Un's father died. I didn't even know he was il
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I said it once and I'll say it again. it
dadjokes	society	dark	general	0	There was a shooting today, The suspect used a starting pistol. They say it was race related
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a row of people lifting mozzarella? A cheesy pick up line.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	"What day is today, Adam?" "For the last time, it's Christmas, Eve." Edit: Thanks for so much love. Merry Xmas!
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Why does the Norway navy have barcodes on the side of their boats? So when they come back to port they can... Scandinavian
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My girlfriend changed a lot since she became vegan. It's like I've never seen herbivore.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Never make fun of fat girls with lisps. They're thick and tired of it.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I'm pregnant. My boyfriend just made his first dad joke I was feeling morning sick and so he told our baby: You're grounded. Go to your womb. I rolled my eyes.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Have you all heard about the top secret bakery? I didn't think so, it is on a knead to dough basis.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Back in 1993, I inherited a small fortune from my grandfather. It said "A window of opportunity won't open by itself." The lucky numbers were 2, 4, 11, 12, 35, and 39.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I went to go download the Communist Manifesto on Audible ...but the reviews said it's only good on paper
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Her: Why are you talking to yourself? Me: Sometimes I need expert advice.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I am NOT a grammar Nazi. I prefer the term alt-write.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Last night my wife and I watched three movies back to back Luckily, I was the one facing the tv.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	The USA turns 241 years old this July 4th... ... which means that it will go back to being indivisible
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	If you're American going into the bathroom and American coming out, what are you in the bathroom? European
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	What happens when you cross an agnostic, a dyslexic, and an insomniac? Someone who stays up all night wondering if there really is a dog.
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	Not bragging but I made six figures last year... ....so they named me the year's worst employee at the toy factory.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you drown a hipster? Throw them in the mainstream
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why do scuba divers fall off the boat backwards? If they fell off forwards, they'd just land in the boat.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	"Dad, why do you always wrap my birthday gifts in this weird fabric?" Dad: I just wanted to.... make my presents felt.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My buddy asked if he could crash on my couch tonight... I had to explain to him that I was married now and that's where I sleep.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	All my friends claim that I'm the cheapest person that they have ever met. I'm not buying it.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A mime broke his left arm in a bar fight and got arrested. He still has the right to remain silent.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	We all know where the Big Apple is but does anyone know where the Minneapolis?
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My son is starting school soon and thinks the other children will pick on him because of his name... I said, "Don't be silly, Someoneyourownsize! Why would anyone pick on you?!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why does it take a pirate so long to learn the alphabet? Because he spends years at C!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How many ears does Spock have? Three: the left ear, the right ear, and the final frontier.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I got a sunburn (After being outside for 2 hours) Daughter: Daddy, why didn't I get a sunburn? Me: You can't, honey. Daughter: Really? Me: You can only get a daughterburn.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Germans have a word for everything.. It is "alles".
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	I saw an ad for burial plots and thought to myself That's the last thing I need.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	To whoever stole my thesaurus... ...you made my day bad. I hope bad things happen to you. You're a bad person.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	This morning I dropped my son off at school and said:"Bye son" He replied: "Buffalo". It took me about 5 seconds to get it.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I just found out I was dating a communist I should have noticed the red flags sooner
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Did you know the first French fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I tried to get insurance for my camp site, but the company refused. They said, "If your tent gets destroyed, you won't be covered."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	You know Bruce Lee was fast, but he had an even faster brother... Sudden Lee.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Iron Man and the Silver Surfer is teaming up for the next movie to fight crime. They are alloys.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call glasses for your balls? Spectacles
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why does the sun have no need to go to college? It already has 27 million degrees...
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Did you know french fries weren't actually cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why was the archaeologist so depressed? Because his life was in ruins
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	I was caught by a gang of mimes. They performed unspeakable acts on me...
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	My boss is 100% dad. Me: hey I'm going to be a bit late. I've been crawling on the highway and I'm nowhere near my exit still. Dadboss: well there's your problem. Try driving instead of crawling.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	How to pirate any movie you like Rate it 3.14
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My friend just told me that he can print a gun using his 3D printer, but I'm not impressed. I've had a Canon printer for years.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What was Oman called before it officially become a nation? **Oboy**
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	small babies may be delivered by a stork but larger babies are delivered by a crane
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What does "IDK" mean? I keep asking people, but they don't know either.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My wife recommended I do some light reading to relax at the end of the day... Not really relaxing as my eyes are in pain, but I managed to make out "60 Watts - Made in China".
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	A man goes to a zoo, but the only animal in the entire zoo is a dog. It was a shih tzu.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Last year, my friend told me he's quitting his job to pursue a miming career. I haven't heard from him since.
dadjokes	love	dark	general	0	Cop: "I'm sorry to say this sir, but it looks like your wife has been hit by a truck." Dad: "Yeah, but she has a great personality."
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	We can't take our dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him... Guess that's what we get for buying a pure bread dog...
dadjokes	society	quip	general	0	[German] Und was ist, wenn der neue Rammstein-Song auf dem Index landet? Dann kannst du ihn dir nur noch von der Ursula Leyen.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday, the rest are week days.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Our new librarian is very polite and I think she is Italian... I've just taken a book back that was months overdue but, rather than charging me, she just said, "That's-a-fine."
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	it all The title says it all.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What is the fastest liquid on earth??? Milk, because it's pasteurized before you see it
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I've started a business making boats in my attic... Sails are going through the roof.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Doctor: Did you know that you have a serious problem vocalizing your emotions? Man: Can't say that I'm surprised.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Yesterday I spotted an albino Dalmatian. It was the least I could have done for him.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I thought I won the argument with my wife as to how to arrange the dining room furniture. But when I got home, the tables were turned .
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My friend looked at my pregnant wife and said: "I wonder if it isn't really hot in there, for the baby" I replied: "It's likely womb-temperature."
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	The CEO of Pepsi was fired this morning He tested positive for Coke.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I recently read that "icy" was the easiest word to spell. I didn't understand at first, but now I see why.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If you need to start a fire by rubbing two sticks together, make sure they're the same... Then you'll have a match...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I have kleptomania, but when when it gets bad... I take something for it.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Son: Where are my sunglasses? Dad: I don't know... where are my dadglasses? Courtesy of my dad, from just a few minutes ago.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why is 'dark' spelled with a k and not c? Because you can't see in the dark...
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I just got kicked out of Karaoke night for singing "Danger Zone" six times in a row... They said I exceeded my maximum number of Loggins attempts.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	What do North Koreans use for measuring liquids? Supreme liters.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Interviewer asked me if I'd be a good waiter... Well, you could say I bring a lot to the table.
dadjokes	love	dark	general	0	I have a problem with my new anorexic girlfriend.. I'm starting to see less and less of her
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	A new Tesla doesn't come with the new car smell... It comes with an Elon Musk.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	It's really hard to say what my wife does for a living. She sells sea shells by the sea shore.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My dad and I were out for steak last night when the manager came around and asked "How did you find your steak?" Dad goes, "I just moved the potato and there it was!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why won't swords go obsolete? They are cutting edge technology.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My wife tells my son (wearing a green shirt) he looks like a pickle... My son: "I will take that as a condiment"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why do dentists call them "Dental x-rays" when they could just call them... ...Tooth pics
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why was the wizard's girlfriend always covered in hickeys? because he's a neck romancer.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you make a Pirate angry? Take the 'P' out of him...
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Got my son with this one... Me: "I know a guy that talks like an owl" Son: "Who?" pause.... than....facepalm!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I asked the librarian if the library had any books about paranoia. She whispered, "They're right behind you..."
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife asked me, "Why don't you treat me like you did when we were first dating!?" So I took her to dinner and a movie... Then dropped her off at her parents' house.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why do scuba divers always fall backwards out of boats? It's because if they fell forwards, they'd still be in the boat.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I want to help people spell diarrhea correctly. Prevent irregular vowel movement.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a girl who refuses to pay her bills? Burnadebt (Just thought of this and I gotta admit...I'm a little bit proud of myself.)
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If you were dating a FBI agent and you broke up... he would be your fed ex
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	You can't fault kid logic I asked my nephew how old his dad was and he replied "six". I said how can he only be six if you're six? He said "because he's only been a dad since I was born"
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	What do you call someone that steals energy? A joule thief
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I wasn't sure how comfortable my new couch would be. But sofa so good.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What kind of insect is hard to understand? A Mumble-bee. I work in the Garden Center at a DIY store and this joke is the best I can come up with ATM lol.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I'm going to name my son Pert and then change his name So whatever he does, he'll be an expert.
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	My 3yr old daughter got my wife sooo good *while holding a block of cheddar like a camera* Hey mom! Say cheese! *She then flashed her silly grin*
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I have a fear of speed bumps... but I'm slowly getting over them
dadjokes	society	quip	general	0	Hillary Clinton may become the first F president. Sorry, I meant female but the emale got deleted.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a woman standing in the middle of a tennis court? Anette
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A guy walked into a bar And was disqualified from the limbo contest.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I don't know if my ceiling is the best ceiling. But it's definitely up there.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy, and the other is a little lighter.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	It's hard to believe March 12th is already National Pancake Day! It really crêped up on us this year didn't it!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why do people keep asking me what I'm going to be doing in 5 years? It's not like I have 2020 vision.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My mom teased my dad, he didn't get a sandwhich after his reply. My mom teased my dad by calling him gay. This is how my Dad retaliated. Dad: your ex boyfriend was hot . Mom: which one? Dad: Me﻿
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Rick Astley has a collection of every Pixar movie ever And he'll let you borrow any of them. Except one. He's never gonna give you Up.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	GF: I love you Me: I love the sequel GF: ....... Me: I love you 2 *cue groans*
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	TIL that bamboo can grow up to 6 stories tall Personally, I had always thought it could grow up to 7 stories tall, but that's another story.
dadjokes	arts	quip	general	0	I just found out Michael Stipe from R.E.M. died, and only two people know.. That's me and the coroner.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If the stork is the bird of birth, what's the bird of birth control? A swallow.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	People used to tell me I was going deaf... ...but I haven't heard anyone say that in a while. Edit: You kids have made my day. I'd like to thank all of you for this marvelous chain of dadjokes.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My bald surgeon is the most charismatic man I've ever met He's a real smooth operator.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	What do you call a snake thats 3.14 meters long? A πthon
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	You know why I like you guys? We're all on the same page.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Wife, yelling at earbuds: "Why won't you just untangle?!!" "They'd rather knot."
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	Why don't they put advertisement on the hulk He's basically a giant banner
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My friend's dissertation was on nerds who love palindromes. He is now Dr.Awkward.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Where does a dad keep all his jokes? The dadabase
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	"what part of your body would you get rid off?" "My spine, It holds me back."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do they call fist bumps in the U.K.? British Pounds
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I'm half Irish and half Jewish, so... I'm drinking if you're buying
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	What do they call Miley Cyrus in Europe? Kilometery Cyrus
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A Father in Iraq gifted his daughter a new purse for her birthday. She replied "Thanks for the Baghdad"
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	The worst music albums always cost $19.95 so when you pay, you usually get a nickel back.
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	DC and Marvel should make a crossover between The Flash and The Incredible Hulk. They could call it "The Fast and the Furious."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the difference between unlawful and illegal? Unlawful is against the law. Illegal is just a sick bird.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Told my girlfriend that the wreath she bought was great, but please make sure it doesn't block the doorway. Because then it would be a Great Barrier Wreath.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you get when you give five doses of valium to a lizard? A calmer calmer calmer calmer calmer chameleon.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I️ think I'm addicted to Thanksgiving leftovers. My doctor wants me to quit, cold turkey.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	a book just fell on my head... i've only got my shelf to blame....
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAND EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEYEEEEEEEEE
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I met a deaf gynecologist today.. Apparently, he reads lips.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the two mummies who farted at the same time? They had a toot in common. Kid loved it and I'm proud of the original content
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did Winnie the Pooh quit his job writing obituaries? He didn't like being the bear of bad news.
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	I called to buy tickets for an Elvis tribute act... It was an automated phone system which said, "Press 1 for the money, 2 for the show..."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Just found out that diarrhea is hereditary... ... it runs in your jeans.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	TIL any joke can be an erection joke... If you think hard enough. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi? People in Dubai don't like the Flinstones but people from Abu Dhabi Do.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	A vegan kept telling me selling meat is gross I said selling fruit and vegetables is grocer
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If you need to start a fire by rubbing sticks together, make sure they are the same. Then you'll have a match.
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	Been a dad for two years, finally posting something on here. Something
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the similarity between pessimists and people with a phobia of sausages? They both fear the wurst
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do The Titanic and the Sixth Sense have in common? Icy Dead People.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	I got a letter saying I had to pay an overdue exorcist bill. They said if I didn't, my house would be repossessed.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife told me to stop behaving like a flamingo. That's when I had to put my foot down.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call someone who immigrated to Sweden? an artificial Swedener
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	My daughter said i could never make a car out of spaghetti. You should've seen the look on her face when i drove pasta.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I hate Russian dolls. They're so full of themselves.
dadjokes	family	observation	general	0	My wife put food in front of our 1.5 yr old She said "say your prayer" He said "Prayer" then just smirked at her So proud right now.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did Cinderella say when her photos didn't arrive Someday my prints will come
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What's the loudest kind of pet? A trumpet
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My 6 year old dad joked me My 6 year old son came running into the room and said, "Dad is your shirt blue?" "Yes it is buddy." "Why don't you cheer it up then?" And then he left the room.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I buy all my guns from a guy named "T-Rex" He's a small arms dealer
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you know that your eyesight actually gets better as you get older? It's called adult supervision.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Breaking News: In the Atlantic Ocean a ship carrying red paint has collided with a ship carrying purple paint It's believed both crews have been marooned
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My girlfriend said, "I adore you." So I responded, "I agate you." She was confused, and after a pause she goes, "I don't get it..." "A gate is bigger than a door, babe."
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	A dog can't read an MRI. But catscan.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call bears with no ears? B
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Why did Victoria get fired? It's Victoria's Secret.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	How'd I get from Iraq to Pakistan? Iran
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	You know what's really odd? Numbers not divisible by two
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	At the zoo i said a mildly innapropriate Dad Joke to my wife and 12 year old son. The zoo tour guide told us that one of the snakes was sick. I blurted out "he must have a reptile dysfunction".
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I met an Asian girl today with the last name of "China" It was her made-in name
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	Star Wars 7PM show last night, a dad behind me was saving four seats with his daughter... ...and every time someone approached him he repeated "these aren't the seats you're looking for."
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My kid asked me, "Dad, what are condoms used for?" I said, "Usually to avoid answering questions like these."
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Wife: "I like your new beard." Me: "It's growing on me, too."
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Burned my Hawaiian pizza today.. Should have cooked it at aloha temperature.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad never texts me. Today at 7:26 AM, he sends this "I have kleptomania. Sometimes when it gets really bad, I take something for it."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Man, I really love my furniture... ...me and my recliner go way back.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a parade of rabbits hopping backwards? A receding hare-line!
dadjokes	society	quip	general	0	Wendy Williams' career must be playing Oregon Trail... Because it's about to die from dissin' Terry.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Where do fishes keep their money? In the river banks.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My son swallowed some coins and was taken to hospital... When I asked how he was, the nurse said "No change yet."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	You know i can cut a piece of wood in half just by looking at it? It's true, I saw it with my own eyes
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My dad sent me this one out of the blue.. A Mexican magician says he'll disappear on the count of three. Uno... Dos... *Poof* He disappeared... Without a tres.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I just found out my girlfriend gave me an STD I'm gonorrhea-valuate our relationship
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	To the guy that invented zero: Thanks for nothing.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	GF: "You made good time today" Me: "I only use the best ingredients" *gf gives me a look* GF: "Ingredients for time?" Me: "I never use tardy sauce" *gf leaves room*
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I asked my girlfriend what book she was reading She replied "It's a mystery." I said "Doesn't it say on the cover?" Cue eye rolling.
dadjokes	society	quip	general	0	Why is Kim Jong-un's library so big ? Because he is supreme reader
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why does leather armor make you better at sneaking? Because it's made of hide.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	How I proposed to my girlfriend today Me: knock knock. Her: who's there? Me: Mary. Her: Mary who? Me: Marry Me. Edit: she did say yes
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I used to be a banker But I lost interest
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If your house doesn't have house numbers on it, you need to address that situation.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What concert costs only 45 cents? 50 cent feat. Nickelback. EDIT: Wow, I really didn't expect this to blow up, thanks guys!
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	So husband and I are trying for a baby Told him off for making dad jokes and said 'I'm not pregnant yet!' His response? 'Hi not pregnant yet, I'm not dad yet'
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What weighs less than blue ? Light blue
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	I wanted to tell you my chemistry joke.... but I was afraid that I'd get the wrong reaction.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Why can't Harry Potter tell the difference between his cooking pot and his best friend? They're both cauldron.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	I figured out what the next fast and furious movie will be called Fast 10: your seatbelts
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	How do you stop Canadian bacon from curling in the frying pan? You take away its tiny little broom!
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	If I steal a Tesla... ... is it called an Edison?
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I don't understand why people pick their noses... I was born with mine.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I find white boards interesting They're quite remarkable.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is the difference between a hippo and a zippo? One is really heavy and the other is a little lighter.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	When I was walking down the street, I ran into a celebrity with a Mohawk and jewelry. He looked at me and said, "I piy the fool!" I said, "Hey, you missed a T."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I heard Jeremy Clarkson isn't coming back to Top Gear But James May.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Poop jokes aren't my favorite kind of jokes... ...but they're a solid number two.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Why hasn't Abraham Lincoln ever been charged with a crime? He's in a cent.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the pirate say when he turned 80? Aye matey
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	If H2O is water, what is H2O4? Drinking.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why are portholes round? So the water doesn't hit you sqaure in the face.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I bought a new weed-whacker today... It's cutting hedge technology...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I threw a fake plastic turd at my wife's head while she was in the shower. Maybe now she'll stop complaining that she's out of sham poo.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Smoking will kill you. Bacon will kill you. But smoking bacon will cure it.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I'm trying to be a sociopath, but I'm not that great in manipulating people. I'm more of a so-so path.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	Got a girl at a party... Her: Yeah, I've actually been dancing since I was two years old! Me: Wow, thats so impressive. You must be so tired by now! Groans were had by both parties
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the blind man fall into a well? Because he couldn't see that well.
dadjokes	arts	quip	general	0	What's Fast and the furious 10 going to be called? Fast 10: your seatbelts.
dadjokes	family	dark	general	0	My dad never loved me as a child. I don't blame him though, considering I wasn't born until he was about 30 years old..
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Slightly peeved that the makers of the shampoo "Head and Shoulders"... ...have not followed up with a bodywash called, "Knees and toes."
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	There's a fine line between a numerator and a denominator Only a fraction of you will get this
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	So a photon gets on a plane and the stewardess asks him if he has any luggage And he says no, I'm traveling light.
dadjokes	tech	quip	general	0	If there are security guards outside of a Samsung store does that mean they are Guardians of the Galaxy?
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I celebrate 4/20 on January 5th, because I know how to reduce fractions unlike the rest of you morons [xpost /r/trees] This joke caters to the lowest common denominator.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	If money doesn't doesn't grow on trees Why do banks have branches?!?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My girlfriend didn't even see it coming. GF: I think the can opener is broken Me: So it's a **can't opener**
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Watching the Olympics with my Wife She asked about the girl on screen getting ready for her routine: "Is she Russian?" To which I replied : "No she's taking her time" The eye roll was fantastic.
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	If I'm not actually a father myself, can I tell Dad jokes? Cuz he could really use a laugh right now.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo? A Hippo is really heavy, but a Zippo is a little lighter.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the sorority girl say when she lost her pen? "I literally cannot even write now!"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My 9-yo. got me. Him: I like to start off my showers with cold water. Me: Really? You take cold showers? For how long? Him: Just until the water warms up. Then I get in. ...well done, son. Well done.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do cows wear bells Cause their horns don't work
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Like most people my age... I'm 45...
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What happened to frog who parked illegally? ... He got toad
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What language do bridges speak? Spanish.
dadjokes	faith	joke	general	0	If my son became a priest......... Would I call him "Father"?
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My mom dadjoked dad I asked my dad what's the hardest part about being a lefty? Mom immediately exclaims: "HE'S NEVER RIGHT!"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What goes "ooh ooh"? A cow with no lips.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de Brie
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	So my dog used to chase people on bikes a lot... it got so bad that I finally had to take his bike away
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Told my dad I needed '00 flour' for baking "What's the difference? Does it have a licence to mill?" It's an awful joke, but live and let rye.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did Bambi's mom take so long to die? She was holding on for deer life.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Today, I'd like to give thanks to the minus sign Thanks for making a difference
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	I have a plan to chill myself to -273.15 Celsius - My friends say I'm crazy... ...But I think I'll be 0K.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	A man tried to sell me a coffin today... I told him that's the last thing I need.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife asked if I was going to yoga with her "Namaste home today."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A guy bought his friend an elephant for his room The friend said "thanks". The guy said "don't mention it".
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will track you down... You have my Word.
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	I said to my kids, "Never let anyone tell you what you can and can't do!" "Take Beethoven for example, they told him he could not be a musician because he was deaf...but he didn't listen!"
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Dad jokes. And then he laughs.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad is an old hippie, this was his thoughts on the 70s "I used to do drugs in the 70s, now I don't care what the temperature is"
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I lived in a houseboat for a while, and started seeing the girl next door. Eventually we drifted apart.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	I heard Optimus Prime is writing a book. It's an Autobotography. My kids didn't think it was funny. Thought you guys might get a good groan out of it.
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	I asked my friend why did he walk away from his last job. He said that his wage was so low he couldn't afford a car.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	What did Arnold Schwarzenegger say when asked if he wanted to upgrade to Windows 10 I still love vista, baby
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Your Indian restaurant is naan profit? My Vietnamese is pho profit.
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	I got fired from my last job even though I always gave 100%. Apparently that's not how you grade exams.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was out standing in his field. It's a tough job but hay it's in his jeans.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I have a chicken proof lawn... Its impeccable...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	"Hey, Seattle, wanna win the Super Bowl?" "No, thanks. We'll pass."
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I used to work at a calandar factory... I was fired for taking a couple days off
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife told me to stop singing Wonderwall.... I said maybe
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Today a girl said she recognized me from vegetarian club. However I'm sure I've never met herbivore.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	The best oriental dad pun. My dad was born in Japan. We're an average looking white family. My dad says he doesn't look Asian because when he crossed the ocean he became disoriented.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	You know those silly hacker movies where they're hacking so hard they type on two keyboards at once? Such blatant stereo-typing
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A hungry traveller stopped at a monastery and was taken to the kitchens where a brother is frying chips... "Are you the friar?" he asked. The brother replied "No. I'm the chip monk."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I don't always tell dad jokes... ...but when I do, he laughs.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	The new dog humped my wife's leg for the first time... She yelled, "Get him off. Get him off!" And I said, "I don't think we want to reward that kind of behavior."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I don't generally tell dad jokes... ... but when I do, he still doesn't laugh.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	In what state do you watch a priest, sneeze, and sit down? massachusetts. It gets worse. My kids and I have a ton of these for different states. Should it be one thread?
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	I heard that Rick Astley will lend you any title from his collection of Pixar movies except one He's never gonna give you "Up" Courtesy of my dad, of course
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Sometimes I'll just end a sentence with "No pun intended" When people point out that I didn't make a pun I reply, "Yeah, and I didn't intend to."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why do the numbers 3 and 5 make such a great team? Because together they thrive.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A really bad impressionist walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Why the wrong face?"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My son told me off today because I'm always turning things into a joke... "So have I made myself clear?" he said. I replied, "No, I can still see you!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My neighbor blamed my gravel for making him fall... But it was his own dumb asphalt...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why was Pavlov's hair so soft? Classical conditioning.
dadjokes	faith	joke	general	0	If Jesus was real they wouldn't call it the crucifixion They would call it crucifact.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a cop in bed? (Lord help me) An under-cover cop
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Have you seen the new pen that writes underwater, upside down and in outer space? It writes lots of other words too.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the blind man fall down the well? Because he couldn't see that well.
dadjokes	family	dark	general	0	I was going to talk to my kids about sex offenders... But it's a touchy subject
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	Why can't Catholics travel at light speed? Because they have mass.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My wife couldn't find her phone the other day... Me: I'll just call it. Her: you can't, it's on silent. Me: well, if you liked it then you should have put a ring on it. I got smacked for that one.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	"Hey kids, it's Jamaican hairstyle day at work tomorrow!" I'm dreading it...
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My daughter was whining about her chores. She asked if she needed to vacuum the whole apartment. I said, "no, just do the floor."
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why does a milking chair only have three legs? The cow has the udder.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I stopped ironing my clothes. I have less pressing concerns.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a lesson on turtles? A turtorial
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I will always fondly remember the last words my grandfather said before he kicked the bucket. "How far do you think I can kick this bucket?"
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Orion's Belt is a waist of space I give it three stars.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call someone who makes a lot of Dad jokes but doesn't have any kids? A faux-pa.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	They should replace batons with clocks in relay races It would be a great way to pass the time
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	A midget chef had to quit his job at a casino He said the steaks were too high
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the orange stop rolling down the hill? Because it ran out of juice
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	All these people getting emails from the Prince of Nigeria, I got one from an Egyptian Pharaoh... But it turned out to just be a pyramid scheme.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you find Will Smith in the snow? Look for the fresh prints.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you tell a joke is a dad joke It's apparent
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	I'm going to name my daughter "Noe" It's pronounced Noel Her entire existence will be my ultimate dad joke.
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	i heard you can determine the gender of an ant by throwing it into a pool. if it sinks; girl ant. if it floats; boy ant (if you repeat it enough times you'll eventually get it)
dadjokes	arts	quip	general	0	Rick Astley will let you borrow any of his Disney Pixar DVDs Except one...
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I invented a new word today Plagiarism.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	I sympathize with batteries I'm never included in anything either.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	What do you call a Communist sniper? Marxman
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Doctor: Sir, I am sorry to say that you have onomatopoeia... Patient: What is it, doc? Doctor: It's exactly what it sounds like.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	Flirting with a girl Me: What turns you on? Her: Spontaneity. Me: So if I spontaneously combusted that would just be like the hottest thing you've ever seen. Her: *sighs*
dadjokes	health-body	quip	general	0	My therapist just told me that I have serious trouble verbalizing my emotions. Can't say I'm surprised.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What computer can sing "Hello" A dell
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Overheard a group of dads at Dunkin Donuts. "Who is the roundest knight of the round table?" - Sir Cumference
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I have a phobia of speed bumps... ...but I'm slowly getting over it.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My 5 y/o dadjoked me Son: This candy taste like life. Me: What? Son : Because it is hard. I have no idea where he got that concept from.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why are cannibals so angry? They're fed up with people.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	My hamster died last night :( He fell asleep at the wheel
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If you love Christmas so much then... why don't you MERRY it!?!
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Alligators can grow up to 15 feet But most have 4
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I apologize, this is a long one. Ooooooooooonnnnnnnnnnneeeeeeeeeeeee.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I usually don't tell dad jokes... But when I do,he laughs.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call an alligator in a vest? An Investigator
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for the fresh prints
dadjokes	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Sideshow Bob could never get a job at Moe's Tavern Because of his many past failures with Bart-ending.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I can see 6 years into the future Thanks to my 2020 vision.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I read an article earlier that said it actually takes three sheep to make one sweater... I didn't even know they could knit!
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	I can't wait until I'm 37 I'll really be in my prime.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I just lost 20% of my couch Ouch
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	I love that the Earth spins It really makes my day.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	It was way to early for this. Girlfriend: "We need to get to the tennis court before it opens." Me: "Why so early?" Girlfriend: "It's first come first serve."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If I ever own a ranch in my old age I'm definitely gonna call it "Pasture Prime"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Whoever invented the knock-knock joke should get a no bell prize.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why can't you run through a campsite? You can only ran, it's past tents...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you know you can wear any boat as a hat? You just turn it over and it's capsized
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do chicken coops only have two doors? Because if they had four, they would be chicken sedans!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Edgy names Coworker (reading an article online): "Hm a 'List of Baby Names with an *Edge*'" Me: "You mean like Cliff?" Nobody laughed.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	After I got a new leather messenger bag, my Dad asked "Do you know what the number 1 use of cow hide is?" "Holding cows together"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Husband just dad joked our 9 year old. She was doing homework and commented "my last name in cursive is pretty". Husband says, "no it's not, it's still Smith".
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I tied all my watches onto my belt, but then I realized... It was a waist of time...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	The plural of penny is pence But we just say pennies because it makes more cents
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Kid: "Dad! Who's our internet service provider?" Dad: "I am."
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	I thought I'd try snail racing My tactic was if I take the shells off, they'll be lighter and quicker, All it did was make them a bit sluggish
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why do milking stools only have three legs? Because the cow has the udder. (My dad *just* pulled this one out on us.)
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I got a new job this week as the senior director of Old McDonald's farm... I'm the new CIEIO
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	What do Mexicans think of Trumps new wall? They'll get over it
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the two Pharaohs have when they farted simultaneously? A toot in common!
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	When God was integrating Planet Earth, he suddenly recalled his Calculus lesson. He remembered to add the sea.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Last night my bf asked me to hand him the blankets... As I pulled the comforter over him I said, "I got you covered." I proceeded to laugh for 1 solid minute, he did NOT think it was funny.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	You know what they say about grandfather clocks They're old timers
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Don't spell part backwards It's a trap
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	Worlds first ATM turned 50 today I gave it a card
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Talking to my wife about giving birth. Wife: "..Yeah, it was kind of an out-of-body experience." Me: "Especially for the baby!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Saw a guy standing on one leg at an atm. Confused, I asked him what he was doing. He was just checking his balance
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why were the eggs Benedict served on a shiny platter on Christmas morning? Because there is no plate like chrome for the hollandaise.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	When my friend in Iraq gave his daughter a new bag, she replied... "Thanks for the Baghdad."
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Every time I go to dinner with my parents, they constantly argue about the mashed potatoes, rice or french fries... And I always tell them that I'm not choosing sides.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a ginger kid who's good at martial arts? The Carroty Kid
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Today my wife told me she "can't even" I just looked at her and said "well that's odd."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	There is a fine line between a numerator and a denominator. Only a fraction of people will find this funny.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	People who make soda jokes must know a lot about pop culture. People who make soda jokes must know a lot about pop culture.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	When my kids were young, they were obsessed with the difference between sine and cosine... As they got older, I realized it was just a phase...
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I was attacked by 1, 3, 5, 7 and 9. The odds were against me.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer? The taste
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My girlfriend told me to heat up the chilli in the fridge for dinner. I asked if I wasn't better off heating up the chilli in the microwave. No response.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What does a forest fire and herpes have in common? Both most likely started with a careless match on tinder.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Gay Dad Joke *Honey can you come out to the living room* "Hey living room, I'm gay!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I saw a guy selling air He was the last air vendor.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	What did the Sushi say to the Bee? Wasabi
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	What is an archeologist Someone who's career is in ruins
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What kind of currency do astronauts use in space? Starbucks
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My dad accidentally told me that he's not my real father. I mean, talk about a *faux pas*...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My cellphone just died The saddest part is there won't be any service.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What device does Mario use when he wants to communicate with the dead? A Lou-ouija board.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	I have a friend that was frozen to absolute zero once... He was 0K
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My two-year old's first dad joke! Him: "Mommy, I want cookie!" Mommy: "Can you say please?" Him: "Yes." \#prouddadtears **Edit** Sorry for the messed up hyphen in the title.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My Dad Stopped At McDonalds After we received our food, somehow they messed up our order. My Brother: Dad, they gave me McChickens instead of McDoubles. Dad: Looks like they made a McStake.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My daughter asked me what "inexplicable" means. I said, "It's hard to explain."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	So, my son got new socks, with Snoopy and Charlie Brown characters on them. Me: You can't wear those to school. Him: Why not? Me: Some kids have "Peanuts" allergies.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What do you get when you mix alcohol and literature? Tequila Mockingbird
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My wife texted me to ask if I was still sleeping. No, I'm investigating the bed. I suspect it has committed a crime and I'm on a stake out. Don't tell anyone though, because I'm under covers.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	I found a Zelda fanfic where Ganondorf took over but I couldn't click on it I guess the Link was dead
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I asked a soldier what his rank was. Him: "It's private." Me: "No, it's okay, you can tell me."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	We were driving when I suddenly said "Quick! Get a pen and paper!" Draw Bridge Ahead
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you do if you see a spaceman? You park your car, man
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Why do programmers wear glasses? Because they can't C#
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	The Waitress saw me and my gf were wrapping up our meals. "Y'all wanna box for your leftovers?" "I'm not much of a boxer, but I'll wrestle you for them."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A dwarf walked into a bar. The bar for this joke is set pretty low. (Posted this on r/jokes but just strikes me as belonging here too....)
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Got my girlfriend while I was eating pie. GF: Is your pie good? Me:On a scale of 1-10 I'd give it a 3.14. On a serious note though the pie was delicious.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Bigamist... What an Italian calls very thick fog
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was hooked on auctions after only going once... ...going twice...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was afraid to garden Until I grew a pear
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	last night, my wife dramatically ripped the blankets off me Don't worry i'll recover
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	We named our son after me... He doesn't really like the name 'dad' though...
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A hungry traveler stopped at a monastery and was taken to the kitchen where a brother was frying chips... "Are you the friar?" he asked. The brother replied "No. I'm the chip monk."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call an Asian man who always has correct change? Exact Lee.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	told dad I was considering grad school, he asked if being unemployed with two degrees was more prestigious than being unemployed with one it was a second degree burn
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I used to have a job collecting leaves... I was raking it in
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A man just tried to sell me Supergirl, Lara Croft and Wonder Woman. I think he might be a heroine dealer!!..
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do this joke and taking a sip of food coloring have in common? They'll both make you dye a little on the inside.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you convince a cyclist to head back home? Reverse cyclology.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	My ex can't take care of her hen so she gave it to me and asked me to name it It's my Stephen
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Got my wife while making dinner She asked me to place some aluminum foil on some cookie sheets so I did. Then I threw my hands in the air and said: My pans have been foiled.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My girlfriend said that quilts are better than duvets.. I told her she should be careful making blanket statements like that.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I was driving with my dad when we had to pass a salt truck. As the trucks spitting salt all over my dad's car he yells "Help! I'm being assaulted!"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I'm getting my newborn son circumcised and the pediatrician said it was going to cost $167. I told them "I hope that includes the tip."
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My girlfriend was running her fingers through my chest hair and says... "I love that you are hairy". I said, "I'm Ken who the heck is Harry?" She hit me, she actually hit me for that.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Only been a dad for a few weeks.. Was painting our office and mentioned to my mother in law that the walls looked cold. She was confused. I explained, the walls needed a second coat
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My aunt is having twins. Dad thinks she should name the girl Denise. And the boy Denephew
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex... They are his watch dogs.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A horse walked into a bar ... A horse walked into a bar, the barman said "Hey" the horse replied "Sure"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	This is how I know I'm a dad... I have kids.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why is Font Town so crime ridden? because it's sans sheriff
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	Risky Dad Joke: My wife said the stretch marks on her legs looked like lightning bolts... So I said, that's because you have thunder thighs.
dadjokes	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dad got me about GTA V Me: I bought the new GTA 5! Dad: I heard you can have sex with hookers in that Me: In 1st person! Dad: I can guarantee you're not the 1st person they had sex with.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	I asked my kids, "Why isn't an iPhone charger...?" "...called Apple Juice?!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I told my dad about how hurricanes with female names cause more destruction... "Well, now I know why they don't call them himmicanes"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I got a ticket for driving from work to my house without getting in an accident. They got me for wreckless driving.
dadjokes	love	dark	general	0	My ex wife still misses me But her aim is getting better.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	Got my son this morning; he walked right into it. Son: Dad, what's the capitol of Wyoming? Me: W. Son: Daaaaaaaaaad.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I decided to stop calling the bathroom the John, now I call it the Jim instead. It just sounds better saying I went to the Jim all morning.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I broke up with my gym We were just not working out...
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	In bad taste dad joke Me - "Can I ask you a question?" Dad - "Sure, anything!" Me - "Do you think I have mom's hair?" Dad - "I sure hope not, wasn't she buried with it?" Too soon dad, too soon.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	Told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows on too high She looked surprised
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	When does a joke become a Dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A boxer was throwing nothing but right hooks at a punching bag. Trainer walks up and says "what gives?" Boxer says "I'm exercising my rights"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The p is silent.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My sister keeps judging people by their sound systems. I told her to stop being so stereotypical.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What are terminators called when they retire? Exterminators
dadjokes	family	dark	general	0	2/3 is a passing grade but when I lose one of my three kids, everyone freaks out like I did something horrible. 😒
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A guy at a bar asked "are you using all these stools?" I asked, "What? Are you conducting a stool sample?" He walked away, no words.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the worst vegetable to bring on a boat? a leek
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	My 9 year old's favourite joke....how does Darth Vader like his toast? On the dark side.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	Got my wife this morning Wife: (while watching birds) They're either mating or fighting, I can't tell which. Me: They must be married. I'm sure you can imagine the look I received.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Breaking news: A red ship and a blue ship have collided in the Caribbean... ...apparently, the survivors are marooned.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My girlfriend is starting sorority rush tonight Her dad: Enjoy your vodka, fur coat, and caviar tonight! Girlfriend: What? Dad: Aren't you Russian?
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	I'll do algebra, I'll put up with calculus, I'll even push through trigonometry... But graphing is where I draw the line!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a video game gorilla who shrinks by 50% each day? Exponential DK
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Got my wife today Mail order brides are awesome, am I right?
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I sneezed, startling my 1 month old, who pooped. Me: "I scared the crap out of her!" 3 year old gives me a blank stare. Me: "Sorry, that joke stinks." 3 year old goes back to watching her show.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I have a Polish friend who has a job as a sound engineer... I have a Czech one too...
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My girlfriend asked if I liked her new glasses "It's quite a spectacle"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I farted in my wallet. Now I have gas money.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	STOP! Stop. Stop, stop. You were four warned. &amp;nbsp; *Edit: I'm fourtunate for the upvotes.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	So a snake walks in to a bar The bartender says, "How'd you do that?"
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Who built King Arthur's round table? Sir Cumference
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	As a recent college grad, I had a realization. I understand my field *to a degree*
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Today a girl said she recognized me from vegetarian club, but... I'm sure I've never met herbivore
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why don't ants get sick? Because they have little anty-bodies...
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	This one will have you groaning 1
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Statistics show a person in the US is stabbed every 54 minutes. I'd hate to be that guy.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I hope this is allowed here This
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a can opener that doesn't work? A can't opener
dadjokes	tech	quip	general	0	My opinion of AskReddit It seems questionable
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What should you do if you are attacked by a group of clowns? Go for the juggler.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Just got the job as the senior director of the Old McDonald farm. I'm now the CIEIO.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	I picked up my newborn daughter to stop her crying. Mother-in-law commented- "Wow, she really settled for you quickly!" "Just like her mother."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My 5 year old son's knock knock joke Knock knock Who's there? Ice cream soda Ice cream soda who? Ice cream soda whole neighborhood can hear me!
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	My new boss told me that he expects me to be on call 24/7... but I don't really mind as the 24th of July is ages away
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I misplaced my cocaine Spent all day looking for it, and it was right under my nose this whole time.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Me: Did you hear Reese 'whats-her-name' stabbed somebody? Kids: Witherspoon? Me: No, with a knife.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Three Unwritten Rules Of Life 1. 2. 3.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What creature is smarter than a talking parrot? A spelling bee. \*insert laugh track here\*
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My girlfriend just decided to go and be a vegetarian It's like I never knew herbivore.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Said hello to a guy with really small hands What a microwave
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	"Boss, can I have a week off around Christmas?" Boss: It's May. "Sorry. May I have a week off around Christmas?"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Do you know why the horse stalls at a racetrack are labelled A, B, D, E, and F? Because no one would bet on a seahorse.
dadjokes	health-body	pun	general	0	Remember when plastic surgery was taboo? Now if you mention Botox, no one even raises an eyebrow.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	The sweater my kids gave me last Christmas kept picking up static electricity... So I took it back to the store and exchanged it for another one...free of charge.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I had my leg X-rayed today. The doctor told me: "Your patella measures 2.54 cm." By surprise, I said: "Inch high knees?" The doctor replied: "你的髕骨尺寸為2.54厘米"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Getting kids ready for school in the morning. Wife: Will you please put your daughters clothes on? Me: I tried. they don't fit me!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Got my wife while making the shopping list Her: So how are we doing with Toilet Paper? Me: I've been practicing for 30 years, i think i got a good technique going.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Dadjoked the girl I've been seeing lately *Her:* Your beard is growing on me. *Me:* No, it's growing on me.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	So proud Helping my 13 year old make his bed. It's a hot night and the ceiling fan is on. "Don't flick the sheet too high, Dad, or else..." Me: "Or else what?" "or else the sheet will hit the fan"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the best way to carve wood? Whittle by whittle.
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	What rock group has four men that don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	"I want two new wipers for my Renault" I said to the shop assisstant He replied "that's a good trade"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	When does a joke turn into a dadjoke? When the punchline becomes apparent.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a person of colour? A 'hue' man.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the Hindu man say when his friends invited him to go out? Namaste home.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I went to the shop to by six cans of Sprite... When I got home I realised I had picked 7up
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I hear prisoners in jail get drunk a lot They hang around bars 24/7.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I'm selling a TV for $1, but it's broken and it's stuck on the highest volume. That's a deal you can't turn down.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How did the magician make a candy bar appear out of thin air? He had a lot of Twix up his sleeve
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I told my friend that I liked Beyoncé. He said "Whatever floats your boat." I said "No, that's buoyancy."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	So... A woman got the first ever wooden breast implants yesterday it would of been funny if this joke had a punchline wooden tit
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a noodle standing on a corner? A Pastatute
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	I wanted to see the new Star Wars movie today, but every showing was sold out Rogue one, me zero.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do mice have such small balls? Because not many of them know how to dance...
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Grandpa: Don't come in here honey, I just passed a silent one. Grandma: You need a new battery for your hearing aid.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My math teacher took away my rubber band shooter today. He said it was a weapon of math disruption.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Got dadjoked while searching for my phone.. Me: I can't find my phone and it's on silent! Dad: Too bad, if you liked it then you should've put a ring on it.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	Buying an engagement ring with my dad Getting ready to leave he says: "Do you have a picture of the ring you want?" Me:"Ya, right here on my phone." Dad:"Some guy you are, buying her a phony ring."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims! Get it?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking. JK, rolling.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A clown just held the door open for me, I thought it was a nice Jester.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	What do a rude Frenchman and a ruthless Englishman have in common? No merci. Sorry for the double post. Thought of a better wording.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	Who is my dad? The answer is apparent.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My grandfather is really frustrated that he has to take the stair chair lift because of his age. It's driving him up the wall.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I had been working for 24 hours straight... ..so I decided to call it a day.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I broke one of my fingers at work today On the other hand, everything is OK
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Imagine what would happen if Americans switched from pounds to kilograms overnight... There would be mass confusion!
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad always used to say the same thing everytime we ate at a restaurant when on vacation. When the waiter asks "Are you finished?" "No, we're swedish."...
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Kids, I don't know if our ceiling is the best ceiling... ...but it's definitely up there.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Dadjoked my wife last night in bed. Post sexytimes laying in bed: Me: Lay your head on my chest. Her: Alright, why? Me: I wanted to give you a pec on the cheek.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	(Turn the dome light on in the car before you start climbing a hill) Wait till some one asks why you did that. "I needed to make the car lighter to climb this hill"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call someone who has 10 ants? A landlord.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My wife has banned dad jokes in our house So I have to stand outside and shout them in
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Guys! The CEO of Samsung is super popular now... ...His phone is blowing up
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why are eye jokes worse than other jokes? They're cornea.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Got dad joked by my two year old. Walked into the kitchen with my hammer to hang something up, "What's that, Daddy?" "It's a hammer, buddy." "What are you going to ham?"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Some people have trouble sleeping... ...but I can do it with my eyes closed...
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	A man in a wheelchair just stole my camouflage jacket :( I hope he knows he can hide but he can't run
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I am so sorry for what I've done. I promise I'll make it up to you. All I need is a ladder.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I like dillos, but do not support giving them guns. I would never armadillo.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Tried to dad joke my husband, he one upped me Eating dinner he dropped his fork and asked me to get another one to which I replied, "Fork you", without missing a beat he said, "knife one."
dadjokes	tech	quip	general	0	Microsoft reeeeally missed an opportunity when they didn't call their antivirus "Windows Cleaner" ...just sayin
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Yesterday a clown held the door open for me. I thought it was a nice jester.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the bra say to the hat? I'll hold these two up, you go on ahead. My friends 90 something year old grandmother got her with this today.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My nails are getting too long. They're growing out of hand.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why was the king one foot tall? Because he was a ruler
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Wife Can't Find Her Phone Her: "Honey, do you know what I did with my phone?" Me: "Lost it."
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	How does Bono spell the word color? With or without u!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Last night I dreamt I was a car. I woke up exhausted.
dadjokes	society	dark	general	0	So, 3 nazis walk into a BAR And they all die
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Why was the Ant Man game never released? ...it had too many bugs.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	My IT friend asks me. "What is fast but doesn't move?" "What?" "A solid state drive." "Have you and your wife considered kids?..."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the capital of Alaska? Dad: What's the capital of Alaska? Me: Juneau. Dad: No, I don't. That's why I'm asking you. -__-
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why are feet so great? Because they are living legends
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Anyone know why Ariel, The Little Mermaid wears seashells? Because b-shells are too small and d-shells are too big! 🦀🐠
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Bought a brand new Tesla Model 3 yesterday and the interior smells a little funny... It's got kind of an Elon Musk
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My boyfriend is getting tired of my constant wordplay jokes, so I asked him how I could stop my addiction. He said "Whatever means necessary." I answered "No it doesn't."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My sister is addicted to brake fluid... But it's OK, because she can stop anytime.
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	Why did the Muslim get a speeding ticket during Ramadan? He was going to fast
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Most comedians are good, trustworthy people. Yep, they're a bunch of stand up guys.
dadjokes	faith	joke	general	0	I recently became a buddhist... ... but I still celebrate Christmas. So when December comes around I sit under the Christmas tree, wrap myself in wrapping paper and live in the present. 🎁🌲
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My husband and his terrible dad joke this morning. me: "She's getting married in Jamaica." him: "Did she want to?" Me: confused look him: Or did jamaica?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I recently took an airline to court after my luggage didn't turn up... I lost my case.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What do musicians use to play longer notes? An extension chord!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	The doctor said I have hereditary diarrhoea, I asked him how he knew... He said "because it's in your genes"
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I burnt my Hawaiian pizza last night... ...I should have put it on aloha setting.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	I don't always tell dad jokes... ...but when I do, he likes them.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Coworker said, "if you do that again, I'll kick you in the shin." "That's alright, I wore shinguards today." "...why?" "Just for kicks!" All I got for my wit was a deadpan look and a slow head shake.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why is F the worst behaved letter? Because it's not E.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	When is a car not a car? When its turning into a driveway.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	My girlfriends's dadjoke on computer specs completely blindsided us last night. "I wonder if quad core or duo core matters much..." "Well, Apple's have a single core, and they run fine." *Cue groaning
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	So my 6 year old daughter got got my 8 year old son with this one this morning... Son: So, what do you want to be when you grow up...? Daughter : well, I think I want to stay a person...
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My wife's been pregnant for so long... It feels like a maternity!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you get in contact with a Greek architect? You column.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	One of the stars of Suicide Squad stated that he might start forging iron. This raises the question: Will Will Smith Smith?
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I walked downstairs this morning and my mom said "You're up!" My dad then proceeded to say "Asia!" Of course we were confused so then he said "What? I thought we were naming continents."
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why was the math book so depressed? It had so many problems.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Why has Nintendo stopped producing the Wii U? It was time for a Switch.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	A girl told me her eyes hurt, so I told her to look at me because I'm a sight for sore eyes.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	The first computer dates back to Adam and Eve. It was an Apple with limited memory, just one byte. And then everything crashed.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	All my students just groaned while I laughed hysterically to myself Student: Mr. Carmichael, I have a hole in my pants! Me: Of course you do. How else would you get your legs through?
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	The best time on a clock is 6:30, hands down.
dadjokes	food	quip	general	0	Guy ahead of me at the coffee shop... Guy to cashier: "Question about your monster cookies - are those monsters free-range?"
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	My Dad dropped his phone in a cup of coffee... After a stunned silence... "At least it runs Java now."
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Mountains aren't just funny They're hill areas.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	What do you call a singing computer? A Dell
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I asked my girlfriend how her workout was... She said "It was good, I did a Jillian Michaels." To which I replied, "Wow! That's a lot of Michaels!!" Hahahahaha I'm so funny.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the ceiling fan say? WOOHOO! YEAH NO. 1! GO CEILING!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Saw an extremely tall guy at the airport Friend: "Wow, it must be really difficult for him to fly." Me: "You'd think it'd be easier, he has longer arms."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	An 8th grade student got me with this today. I'm so proud. Student: "Why is it so bad to have a pie thrown in your face in math class?" Me: "Why?" Student: "Because it never ends."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	If I have heard it once I have heard it 1000 times... Dad's best friend: "Train just came through here" Me: How do you know? Dad's best friend: "I can still see the tracks." *insert groan here*
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why is the word "you" rude It's vowel language
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Which one of your mates is the best at chess? The Czech mate.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My SO's Dad every time an ambulance speeds past He'll never sell ice cream going that fast
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I'm going to make a bold prediction **Prediction**
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What do a lion, a witch, and a wardrobe have in common? Narnia business.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was paid $1000 for this joke It was a grand dad joke.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My dad wouldn't let me join the school orchestra... ...because of the sax and violins.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why didn't the border guard allow a llama to enter the country? hisllamaphobia
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I don't want to sound raceist but... I've always preferred the 100m to the 200m
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A bear walks into a bar.. He walks up to the bartender and says "Can I get a...................beer?" Bartender says "Why the big pause?" Bear responds "idk man I was born with them"
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	Hiking with my dad while growing up in Texas. Every time. Tapping on a rock one of us is resting on or using to tie a shoelace, "You know, some people take this stuff for granite."
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Can you believe Trump wants to ban shakers of parmesan from supermarket shelves, only allowing it to be sold in wedge form? He says he wants to make America grate again.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	My boyfriend told me he wanted to bake pie- I said "Can I bake a pie with you?" He said " i'm not tasty enough to be in a pie."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was resting my feet on the dog And my girlfriend said, "She looks defeated right now." I said, "Nope" and took my feet off the dog, "Now she is."
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	My mom said whenever I get married, I should do something low key I told her my fiancee's family might not like the norse mythology theme
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I used to date a girl who was lactose intolerant. We broke up because she couldn't stomach my cheesy jokes.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Asking my daughter some Brainquest (kids trivia) questions: Is a pair of socks an even or odd number? Her response: Even. But they smell odd.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	There was a kidnapping at school today. Its ok though, because the teacher woke him up.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Got dadjoked by my 3 year old: Daddy, do you want to hear a cool word? Fridge
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	So my pregnant aunt began to have contractions... My dad: Can't she hold it in? It's Independence Day not Labor Day!
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My girlfriend poked me in the eyes... ...so I stopped seeing her for a little while.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	At 23:59 31.12.2015 I raised my left foot off the ground Just to be sure I start 2016 on the right foot
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'd like to thank my legs for always supporting me, my arms for always being by my side and my fingers... I could always count on them.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I got into a fight with 1, 3, 5, 7 and 9. The odds were against me.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My son blowing up a beach ball says, as soon as I am done, I'm gonna catch my breath.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	My dog Minton just ate my shuttlecock Bad Minton!
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	My mom refuses to make peas anymore with dinner Every time she does my dad dumps a bunch on the table and says "oh no I've peed on the table!"
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	I started writing poetry recently POETR I think its coming along nicely.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	What did the cake say to start the fight with the fork? You want a piece of me?
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	The best safe word a person can use is 'Meatloaf'.... Because it means "I would do anything for love, but I won't do that."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I have a friend who is addicted to drinking brake fluid But he says he can stop at anytime.
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	How does the Pope get paid? Through Papal.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Whoever stole my Microsoft Office, I will find you... You have my word
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Have you heard about these new corduroy pillows? They're making headlines
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	If your phone is getting no service Try putting shoes and a shirt on it
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	So my dad just emailed me this. If you have a pizza with radius 'z' &amp; height 'a', its volume is pi\*z\*z\*a.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Have you heard that Ben &amp; Jerry have been arrested? Their assets have been frozen during the investigation
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why did the coffee taste like mud? Because it was just ground this morning
dadjokes	arts	quip	general	0	I wasn't that impressed by Dr. Strange I've seen Stranger Things.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I couldn't get a reservation at the library... they were fully booked.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Why did Apple buy Beats? It was a sound investment.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My girlfriend also dad joked me this morning. . . "Wake up! Did you hear about the Spanish Train Burglar??" "No! What happened?" "I don't know, but they're saying he had LocoMotives"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My wife and I didn't want to have kids, so I had a vasectomy But when we got home they were still there
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I can name the capital of any state Texas- T Alabama- A Kansas- K Edit: I can't believe this stupid joke that I say while drunk got almost 1000 upvotes
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's more effective than a heat-seeking missile? A heat-seeking hittle
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Wife: "Oh, wow. I didn't know there was a watch museum here. Why have we never been?" Me: "I guess we've just never had the time."
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Dad teaching me culinary skills. "Let me show you how to make an egg roll, son." *Picks an egg* "Take an egg, put it on the table, and just push it!"
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	If South Korea ever has a natural disaster, you really should donate money to them. It's good for the Seoul.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My dad said "I should never date a tennis player..." As love means nothing to them
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Daughter: Hey daddy are you hungry? Me: Yeah, why? Her: Hi Hungry, I'm Jayda. Proud father moment.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday Those were the days...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Every single morning I get hit by the same bike... It's a vicious cycle.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I can't tell if I like this blender It keeps giving me mixed results.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Finally got use use my favorite dad joke While my girlfriend and I were paying for our groceries, the cashier asked "Do you want the milk in a bag?" I said "It's okay, you can leave it in the jug."
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I was once a man trapped in a woman's body. And then my mother gave birth.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Why is it better to bring dogs into space than cats? Because you don't have to worry about any cat-astro-fees.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What did the shy pebble wish? That she was a little boulder!
dadjokes	life	tv-quote	general	0	I can hear music coming from the printer I think the paper is jamming
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My wife gave birth to our child today. Everything went well, the baby is healthy and I'm very happy If you're here looking for a punchline, you probably won't find it. This was just about the delivery
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	How do you stop an Internet troll? Seize their memes of production.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife told me im unable to describe my feelings Can't say that I'm surprised
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I made a belt out of old watches. It was a waist of time.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the midget whose wallet got stolen? I didn't know anyone could stoop so low.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad called to tell me he just ruined his year He spilled a full cup of coffee on his calendar
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I hear people from Illinois get mad when you pronounce the S, It really ill-annoys them.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Bought a dog from a Blacksmith... I bought a dog from a blacksmith once. As soon as I got home it made a bolt for the door.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Tried to take a selfie in the shower this morning Turns out I have selfie-steam issues.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	my dad just got dadjoked via group text sister: wish I was there with you Dad: catch a plane sister: I don't have a big enough net
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad burst into my room and said, "Wanna hear a joke?", and then proceeded to fart for a whole minute. He said. "Sorry. That was a long winded story."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the clock do when it was hungry? It went back 4 seconds.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	What kind of fish is made out of two sodium atoms? 2 Na
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	For the longest time I was addicted to the Hokey Pokey But then I turned myself around, isn't that what it's all about?
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Santa actually only had two reindeer Rudolph and Olive (the other reindeer).
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	My friend started carrying a knife since an attempted mugging a few years ago. Now his attempts are a lot more successful.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	One of my patients got me yesterday I asked him "how are you feeling today?" His response: "with my hands, mostly"
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What do gamer girls stuff down their bras? D-Pads
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My wife just said, "Nothing rhymes with orange" I said, "no it doesn't"
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did the deer need braces? He had buck teeth.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My infant daughter woke up with a cut on her face I asked her if she made it from scratch
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I bought a horse I bought a horse and called it mayo because mayo neighs.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Unexpected Dad joke during basement finishing sales training Student: "Can you address outlets?" Trainer: (turns chair towards wall) "Hello outlets."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What skill does a herb farmer need to perfect? Thyme management
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do Japanese gang members do at the spa? They relax in the Yakuzzi.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Two wrongs don't make a right... [one-liner] Two wrongs don't make a right, but three rights make a left, and two Wrights made an airplane.
dadjokes	arts	quip	general	0	Despite the fact that Johnny Depp really disappears into his characters, I never seem to have any trouble recognizing him in a movie. I guess I just have good Depp perception.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is it called when you steal someone's coffee? Mugging :D
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What do you get when you have 16 copies of The Wizard of Oz? The Wizard of Lb
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Last night, my wife texted me to tell me she landed. I told her I thought that was the pilot's job.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad on Navy SEALs. I was watching Captain Phillips with my parents: Mom: That Navy SEAL looks a bit too chubby to be a SEAL. Dad: Maybe he's a Navy Walrus. Hilarious, dad, hilarious.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I have a pen that can write underwater It can write other words too
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why does a chicken coop have two doors? Because if it had 4, it would be a chicken sedan....
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did Waldo wear stripes? Because he doesn't want to be spotted.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the 10th Doctor never feel like he owned the Tardis? Because he was just a tenant.
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	The girlfriend got me with this one this morning Her: "You know what's odd?" Me: "What?" Her: "Numbers not divisible by two!"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	What did the dad say to his long haired son? Dad: You should have gotten a haricut a long time ago... Son: But dad, I did get a haircut a long time ago!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you know that Spider-Man is bisexual? Because he swings both ways.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I really feel like I have a bad posture. I have a hunch.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Waiter: Be careful, the plate is really hot. You: No worries. I'm not really attracted to plates.
dadjokes	family	observation	general	0	My voicemail Says "leave your name and number..." Every time my dad calls, he leaves a voicemail saying "Dad, Number 1."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Where are all the dad jokes stored? At the dadabase.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Why are Gay Pride parades in Summer? Because Pride comes before the Fall.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Dadjoked my dad. My mom was looking for my dads phone. Mom: "Where's your phone?" Me: "He doesn't have a your phone, he has an iPhone." Dad: *chokes on breakfest*
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My dad, on utensils: "Dad, neither of us are having anything that needs a knife. Why do you always grab one anyway?" "A fork and a spoon just don't cut it."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I went to the doctor yesterday. He said I have onomatopoeia. I asked him if it was bad..... Doctor: It's exactly what it sounds like.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a five foot psychic that's escaped from jail? A small medium at large.
dadjokes	faith	joke	general	0	Who calls balls and strikes at the annual Vatican softball game? The Holy Roman Umpire! ... sorry.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	We've all heard of Murphy's Law, but have you heard of Cole's Law? Well, it's finely chopped bits of cabbage and carrots
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why do mermaids wear seashells? Because the B shells are too small and the D shells are too big.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Look! A flock of cows! "Herd' of cows, Dad." "Of course I've heard of cows. Look, there's a whole flock!"
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	How does Sean Connery shave? Ctrl+s
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	If pronouncing all my "V"s like "B"s, makes me sound Russian... Then Soviet
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a gay chickpea? A hummusexual
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Au This title is gold.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father in law
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Who is captain crunches supervisor ? GENERAL MILLS
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why can't the T-rex clap? Because it's dead.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Did you know a kangaroo can jump higher than a house? Houses can't jump.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's blue and not heavy at all? Light blue.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My kid didn't want to tell me that his tooth was loose. I had to pull it out of him.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	This morning, grandpa walked into my room with a young bearded guy wearing skinny jeans. I asked, "Who is this guy?" Grandpa: My hip replacement.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why do cow farms smell so bad? It's from the Dairy Air
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I'm not feeling very strong today. Because it's a weekday.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My daughter asked me what DNA stood for I told her it was the National Dyslexics Association.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	There's a guy I work with who lost all his teeth and refuses to stop talking... I asked him today "why don't you ever shut up?" He responded "I find it hard to bite my tongue"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I asked my son what he wants me to get him for Christmas... He said, "Google Glasses!" I said, "OK, and I already know what glasses are!"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the difference between a cat and a comma? One has its claws at the end of its paws, and one is a pause at the end of a clause.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	What's another name for a frozen burrito? A Burrrrito.
dadjokes	family	observation	general	0	Oldest daughter runs into room: "Dad, youngest daughter hit me for no reason!" Me: "Youngest daughter! You get in here and hit oldest daughter for a reason!" Both: :/ :/ Edit: ok, OK, no emoji!
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad just threw this one at us. .. I was talking about a war movie where they had a debriefing and my dad yells from the other room: "THATS WHAT I DO BEFORE GETTING IN THE SHOWER! "
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Did you know grey hairs are hereditary? You get it from your kids.
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	Black &amp; White Employee: Does the printer print in Black &amp; White? Dad(Boss): Only Black, the white is already on the paper Employee: *Nervous Laugh*
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Why did the cannibal always introduce his friends to each other? Because he liked to have people meat.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Is "Africa" by Toto a country song? No, it's a continent song.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you break up a fight between two blind men? Yell "My money's on the one with the knife!"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Dad went out last night, "Guess who I saw last night?", he asks "everyone i looked at"
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife asked me to stop singing Wonderwall by Oasis I said maybe.
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	how many sound engineers does it take to change a lightbulb? one, two... one, two...
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	My wife and I are having a competition to see who can steal the most dog related stuff from our local petshop. I've just taken the lead.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	It is okay if you don't know what "prefix" means. It's not the end of the word.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	The Dad Jokes is strong with my 12 y/o son. My wife: Daddy and I are tired from looking for a car today. Son: Would you say you are Exhaust-ed!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the stormtrooper say when he went into a church for the first time? Pew. Pew, pew, pew. Pew, Pew. Pew.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call an official weapon that shoots pieces of music? A canon canon cannon
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How can you tell the gender of a baby? If he cries it's a boy. ...if she cries, it's a girl.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My son said he either wanted a car or a pet for his birthday So I sat him down in the living room and told him he could get both. Then I showed him the carpet.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I got arrested while playing guitar today Something about fingering a minor
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I went to see a psychologist after I discovered cracks in the hearth of my fireplace. I told him I was having a mantle breakdown.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I went in for a Covid test and my doctor asked if I had a sudden loss of taste "No, I always dress like this", I replied.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My daughter asked me to spell Michelle backwards. So I did. M-I-C-H-E-L-L-E B-A-C-K-W-A-R-D-S
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Someone stole my mood ring today. I don't know how to feel about that. My 70 year old uncle posted this on Facebook.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	England doesn't have a kidney bank... But it does have a Liverpool.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A Dad walks into a bookstore and says, " Can I have a book by Shakespeare?" "Of course, sir, which one?" Dad: William.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I got fired from my job at the pasta factory I made a fusilli mistakes
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	Did you hear that Ireland is going to begin broadcasting their own version of "Southpark"? It's going to be set in Kilkenny.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the soldier flush the toilet? Because it was his duty.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife just asked me "What's the difference between dates and prunes?" My response: "You can't take a girl on a prune."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I need to tell you something, and I'll be frank And you can be steve.
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	Who is the Chinese President? No, Xi is. Hu was his predecessor
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Arrested for stealing a calendar. I got 12 months.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My uncles time to shine. (To my cousin) Me: Who are you dating now? Cousin: Alexis Uncle: I told him not to date a car, They're too high maintenance. (Groans, etc.)
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why is the ocean salty? Because the land doesn't wave back.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Every time Someone: "What time is it?" Dad (looking at watch, confused): "I don't know... it keeps changing."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I told the builder I didn't want carpeted steps... He gave me a blank stair.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My wife has started keeping a dry-erase board labeled 'Grocery List' on the fridge, so I filled it in while she was gone this morning. - Kroger - Wal-Mart - Lucky's - Whole Foods - Winn Dixie etc, etc
dadjokes	love	observation	general	0	Girlfriend, trying to remove smudges from her glasses. "Ugh my right eye is blurry" "No, honey, I can see it just fine"
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	The bank must really like me they keep telling me that my loan is outstanding!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do 1,000 people say when they're confused? Kilowatt
dadjokes	society	quip	general	0	Snow isn't a problem in Muslim countries... ... but ISIS
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	You know what they say about cliffhangers... ...
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I think my brother is ready for kids. "Everyone's freaking out that Matt Damon is bourne again, who cares what his religion is. He's just an actor."
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My girlfriend asked why I put a watch on the bed before going to sleep. I told her I wanted to wake up on time
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Happy Fathers Day! Me: Happy Fathers Day! Pop: Thanks! Me: I'll call you later. Pop: Don't call me later, call me Dad :') ...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the man brought in by the Fashion Police? They questioned him over his criminal ties...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a priest who becomes a lawyer? Father-in-law
dadjokes	society	observation	general	0	I asked my North Korean friend how it was there. He said he couldn't complain.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My Husband's First Dad Joke We went fishing today. He was chopping wood and asked for me to keep our toddler away. He didn't want to have an ax-ident.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	"Dad can you tell me what a solar eclipse is?" No sun.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	I asked my dad why he goes fishing all the time "Just for the halibut"
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	With the A/C going out at the NBA Finals last night... Do the Spurs get credit for 2 wins because they beat the heat... twice?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Two Deer walk out of a gay bar. One of them turns to the other and says "I can't believe I blew 40 bucks in there"
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	How much does Chinese food weigh? About wonton.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call friends you like to eat with? Tastebuds
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	After he installs the new granite surfaces in your kitchen, does the Cabinet Maker hand you a counter fit bill?
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I know you're tired of new year jokes but I want to tell you one one
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Dad: "How do you sell a deaf man a chicken?" Me: "i don't know dad, how do you..." Dad (screaming): "DO YOU WANT TO BUY A CHICKEN?!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My BF's dad on the Lego Movie. He said "I heard it's a real blockbuster!"
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	If Kanye samples "Green Onions" in a track... ...does that make him a rapscallion?
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	What's Forrest Gump's password? 1forrest1
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	You can never run in a campsite You can only ran because it's past tents
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why are ghosts so fat? Because they're scared to exorcise...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm going to open a clothing alteration shop that focuses on doing all jobs within an hour. It will be called, Tailor Swift.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife hates how I always pretend we are on walkie-talkies Wife: our relationship is over. Me: our relationship is what? Over.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	"Dad, my gf is pregenant" "Dad, my girlfriend is pregnant" Son, I'm not mad.. Just disappointed "Hi disappointed, I'm dad" Son, did you just- "Yes" You're ready.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My whole family gets diarrhea. My dad says it's because it runs in the jeans.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I want to make a milk factory and name the company "Legend" It'll be "Legend-Dairy"
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	TIL: Two elephants of the same herd won't go into the same body of water together at the same time. It's because they only have one pair of trunks between the two of them.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	The next Fast &amp; Furious will focus more on safety issues than previous movies. Fast10 Your Seatbelts
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Dadjoked my dad My dad was having a hard time deciding if he should let his new mattress pad air out before putting it on his bed. I said "Well, why don't you sleep on it?".
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	"Hey dad have you seen my sunglasses?" "No son, have you seen my dad glasses?"
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	I was at a restaurant with my dad, I asked him if he was getting the Chicken Cordon Bleu or the Chicken Kiev. He said, "the Cordon Bleu's good, but I hear the Kiev is revolting." *(groan)*
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	My Grand Pa tells the worst jokes but this is his best. Grand Pa: What does Mr. Potato Head and Cuba have in common? Me:*expecting the worst*What's that..... Grand Pa: They both have a dictator.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My kid just chucked a big bottle of omega 3 pills at my head Luckily my injuries were just super fish oil
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a pile of cats? A meowtain.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the A who went to the bathroom and came out E? He had a vowel movement.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is brown and rhymes with Snoop Dogg? "Uh....poop log" I answered. "Nope. It's Dr. Dre."
dadjokes	work-money	quip	general	0	My interviewer asked if I could preform under pressure. I said no, but I can do a good Bohemian Rhapsody
dadjokes	work-money	dark	general	0	I was fired from my job when I asked a customer if they wanted "smoking" or "non-smoking". Apparently the correct terms are "cremation" or "burial".
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm unobservant, and I keep bumping into things, so I made a note of it. B♯
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Mom: I'm going to run down to my cousin's house. She needs to borrow the car. Dad: If she needs the car, maybe you should drive there.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Every time... me: I'm busy right now, can I call you back? dad: No, call me dad.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Me: "75 Watts.. 60 Watts.. 100 Watts" Daughter: "what are you doing, dad??" Me: "oh, just a bit of light reading"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If you flip a boat over, it will fit on your head; After all, it's now ... capsized!
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	Dear, It is ok to laugh when goats give birth. They are just kidding.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I am pretty good at making an Earl Grey. It's my special tea.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	As a photographer, it's easy to tell when a kid has ADD They're always out of focus
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I broke one of my fingers On the other hand I'm okay.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad proved his dadness. Me: "Why is this mustard green?" Dad: "It's got dill in it." Me: "Weird. Any good?" Dad: "Yeah, it's dill-icious."
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My 3 year old son said: 'put my shoes on' I told him, "I think my feet are too big."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My dad said this after an eye appointment... "I should be a teacher." "Why?" "Because my pupils are doing great!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Me- Are you going to buy some land? Gf's dad: "No, no.. A lot." Me- YOU'RE GOING TO BUY A LOT OF LAND?? I crack myself up.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Dad watched Thor for the first time. Actually called me mid-movie to make a funny. What did Thor miss the most when he was sent to prison? Assgaurd.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My wife wants me to remodel our staircase. I told her I'd need a step-by-step guide.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Why did the web programmer gain weight? His website had too many cookies.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How many dead people do you think are buried in that cemetery? All of them
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	I think he named me Nick just for this... Dad: hey you got a nickel? Me: I'm afraid not Dad: well I guess you could say you're... Nicholas.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	How does NASA say it's sorry? It Apollo-gizes.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Happened when we were watching Star Wars III Right at the part where Windu dies Dad: "Wow. I guess he got thrown out the windu."
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	What do you call a snake that's 3.14 feet long? A "π"thon
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My grandpa got new pants "Grandpa how do they fit?" "Like a cheap castle" Seeing I was confused he said "There's no ballroom"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My Dad drops this gem going through airport security. Airport Security: Do you have anything sharp on you? Dad: Yes, my brain.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I opened the oven.... I just opened the oven and there were loads of tiny people dancing to techno. It was a micro-rave. I'm sorry
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I love high quality audio as much as the next guy... But I always get so much FLAC for downloading it.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I might be a dad My friend is shopping and asks where she can find raisins... I respond: "They're where the grapes used to be."
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Why did my dad not mind when I threw a coke at his head? Because its a soft drink
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Wife and son had the stomach virus just the day before his first birthday party I told them "you better not be party poopers tomorrow"!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	At the dinner table. I couldn't resist. Wife: "I don't really like cheese." Me: "I know. You never laugh at any of my jokes." Wife: ...
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	"Hey Doctor, can I administer my own anaesthetic?" Doctor: Go ahead. Knock yourself out.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My duck got arrested. Apparently he's a quackhead. I tried to bail him out, they wouldn't let me. Said he was a flight risk.
dadjokes	society	quip	general	0	What do you call it when Trump gets the majority of delegates and still loses the nomination from a contested convention? Unpresidented.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I took my glasses off Told my kids I had seen enough.... The groans. Oh the groans. Totally worth it.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My brother lost a brief argument to a dad joke. Bro: A bike's the only thing you can drive without a license. Dad: That's not true. What about a hard bargain?
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	An older gentleman got me in Wal-Mart I was coming around a corner and almost bumped my cart into his Me: Oh I'm sorry, excuse me, sir! Him: It's okay, I have cart insurance!
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a polite cheesemaker? Curdeous
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, but it has no atmosphere
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I got fired from my job at the bank today. An old lady came in and asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	What will the Secret Service shout if someone tries to shoot Trump? "Donald, duck!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What vampire does everyone accept, but basically ignore? DracEULA.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	A guest asked about our selection of grilled veggies Fiancee: Let's see: summer squash... Me: ...and some aren't!
dadjokes	faith	joke	general	0	Did you hear that the Pope has the avian bird flu? He got it from one of the cardinals
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I told my husband I hate my haircut. He replied "Don't worry, it'll grow on you."
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My wife just told me to not make any jokes whilst she's actually giving birth. I said I'd avoid any laboured puns.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My 5yr old has a stuffy nose. Brilliant dad joke delivery. "How are you feeling?" "I feel like an old shoe" "What does THAT mean?" "I don't smell good!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did Tennessee? The same thing that Arkansas
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Son: "Hey Dad, how does a sundial work?" \*Dad hands Son a phone\* Dad: "Ok, now just call someone." Son: "Why can't you do it?" Dad: "Because that would be a daddial."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My dad just told me this one in the car. Dad - "What's 3x plus 3x?" Me - "6x" Dad - "What's 5q plus 5q?" Me - "10q" Dad - "You're welcome" I proceeded to groan heavily.
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	Why did the lonely man work on his days off? He loved the company.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What has 2 legs but cannot walk, two wings but cannot fly, 2 eyes but cannot see? A dead bird.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Serial Killer There once was a serial killer who only killed girls named Jenna. He was arrested and charged with Jenna-cide. (Wrote that this morning. I'm not proud of it at all.)
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My six-year-old daughter just delighted me with a completely original pun: What do you call it when you have to go inside at the end of the day? Funset!
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Last time I was in France I wanted to ask a question about strawberries But I wasn't sure how to fraise it
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	"Mr. President" could be a great name for a dog... You could tell him to get off the couch by saying "Get down, Mr. President!"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Dad went to bed, then came downstairs 5 minutes later to ask if I got his text Check my phone, "iTired...there's a nap for that"
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My boyfriend dropped this while watching the Sochi Games. "You win some, you Luge some".
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	Why call it a dad bod It's actually a father figure. Edit: woke up this morning and saw this with almost 1k up votes! Thank you guys, I'm honored! ( Hi Honored, I'm Dad)
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	So there's going to be a Tetris film.... I hear it's going to be a real blockbuster.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage... The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	The number Seven is odd. The only way to make it even is to kick its S.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Prime numbers and stoners have a lot in common. The higher they are, the more spaced out they become.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I broke the lightbulb in my lamp today. It was delighted.
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	What do laser guns and churches have in common? Pew
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I was expecting my new knife to work well with meats. But it's just not cutting it.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I did a 190 pound dead lift. Out of bed this morning.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How does the Flash like his eggs? Runny
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Ask me how my hemorrhoids are. They're swell.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife frequently gets a stuffy nose She always says "I can't breathe" to which I always respond "I know, you take my breath away too"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Broken bridges really annoy me. I just can't get over them.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I can brush my teeth and whistle at the same time He then proceeds to take out his dentures, brushes them and whistles.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly, so they lit a fire in the craft... Unsurprisingly it sank, proving once again that you can't have your kayak and heat it too.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My battery died when I was recording my wife giving a toast at her parents' 50th wedding anniversary. Now I'm never going to hear the end of it.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Did I ever tell you about the girl that only ate plants? I can't believe I never mentioned herbivore.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Where do Gordon Freeman and Jon Snow meet for drinks ? The Crowbar.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My girlfriend is a genius Me: Your ears are so soft. Her: I have Dumbo ears. Me: No, you have Dumbo's mom's ears. Normal sized. Her: That's ear-elephant.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	At what time of day do Germans disagree? Nein! (for this to be effective, say this quite loudly in a German accent.) My dad loves this one, he always laughs the loudest at his own joke.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	My wife couldn't decide what to eat "Should I have chicken, soup, or pizza?" "Absolutely. Chicken Super Pizza sounds awesome."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How did the butcher introduce his wife? Meet pattie
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My wife was teaching my 11 month old son how to eat with silverware... My son successfully took a bite by himself and I said, "Good forking job!" My wife groaned.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	I found a spot of cancer on my BINGO Card Don't worry, it was B9.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the mathematician who's afraid of negative numbers? He'll stop at nothing to avoid them.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I took my cat to the vet today He was not feline well
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	What do you call it when two nukes have an argument? A fallout
dadjokes	food	observation	general	0	We should get Subway for dinner. Me: We should get Subway for dinner. -Subway commercial comes on television- Me: Look, it's a sign! Dad: No, it's a commercial.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a large dog that meditates? Aware wolf!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What are those poles for taking your own picture called? A narcissis-stick? Adult leader training with the boy scouts this weekend was a goldmine
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A train just went by here, wanna know how I know? It left its tracks.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	It's a 5 minute walk from my house to a pub... And its a 45 minute walk from the pub to my house. The difference is staggering.
dadjokes	work-money	quip	general	0	tiforp a I turned a profit.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Is it okay to say President Obama's middle name? Depends on Hussein it.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	Mr. and Mrs. Turner had a baby girl. They named her Paige, and they just couldn't put her down.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why don't crabs give to charity? Because they're shellfish.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My ex-girlfriend's dad turned 50 and bought himself a Sebring convertible. He was having a midlife Chrysler.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	My coworker asked if I had any nuts. I offered grapes and they turned me down... Then I said, "You're nuts to pass up a grape deal like that!" Edit: this actually happened and I'm very proud of it
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian Bale
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Go throw a jar of Hellman's in the Lake! Cuz it's Sinko de Mayo!
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	At the zoo with wife and kids... Me: You know, they say porcupines are one of the smartest animals on Earth. Wife/kids: Oh yeah? Me: Yeah, science has proven that they're pretty sharp.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Grocery store dadjoke on the girlfriend... We were walking down the dairy aisle when... Gf: "Did I pass the butter?" Me: "I don't see why you would, I didn't ask for it..."
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My friend Jay had twins recently, and he wanted to name them after him. So I suggested Kay and Elle.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Today, I asked this grandpa if he found everything okay when ringing up his groceries He said, "No, I wasn't looking for everything."
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why do Chicken coops only have 2 doors?.. Because if they have four, they would be chicken sedans..
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A friend asked me," What rhymes with orange?" I said," No, it doesn't."
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I've been on three dates with a woman who works in a zoo. I think she's a keeper.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Why did the empire have such a hard time finding the Rebel Base? They were looking in Alderaan places
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why can't you trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	I'm going to name my son Violence. If he's smart, I can tell my friends that Violence solves problems.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Dad drove five of us under a bridge with a sign saying "12 feet" "Oh no! We only have 10 feet! Better turn back."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Me: Did you know that abbreviating names might be sometimes confusing? GF: Really? Me: Yes. George Foreman: How so?
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Wanted to measure my height with a tape measure but couldn't do it alone. "Dad, can I borrow you for a minute?" "Sure, as long as you give me back"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why do Swedish war-ships have bar codes on the sides? So that when they return to port, they can Scandinavian.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My dad during the ufc fights My mom "is the guy a Brazilian?" Dad "No, he's younger than that"
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	What's the hardest part about throwing a party in outer space? You have to planet
dadjokes	work-money	observation	general	0	I heard they came up with a millennial version of the Monopoly game. They just walk around the board paying rent, never able to buy anything.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My girlfriend woke up said she dreamt about statistics the entire night I said to her "I wonder what the probability of that is."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My twin brother called me from prison. He said: "You know how we finish each other's sentences?"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Imagine you're a prisoner stuck in a cell. How do you get out? Stop imagining
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call it when a shephard can't find his ram? Memory loss.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Who's bigger. Mr Bigger or Mr Bigger's baby? Mr.Bigger's baby. He's just a little bigger.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why is today a soldier's least favorite day? Because it's March Forth!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I have a joke about time travel but you didn't like it...
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad would make a great genie. Me: I wish I could teleport. Dad: What would you tell it?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I think I'm going to open a store that sells rocks... When we have special promotions, I can make a commercial on the radio that says "don't take this shale for granite!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I bought a belt made of hundred dollar bills It was a waist of money
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Can anyone help me out? I was caught stealing hearing aids... And given the deaf penalty
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I got fired from my lawn maintenance job. I just wasn't cutting it.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	If you put your left shoe on the wrong foot It's on the right foot
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I accidentally downloaded the Square app for store owners instead of the one for personal use My dad- "You had no business signing up for that."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I had a vasectomy today, and my wife keeps asking how I feel... I've had to tell her over and over that it's not that bad, and that I don't notice much of a vas deferens.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My girlfriend just dumped me for always talking about video games What a silly thing to fall out for.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Why was Kylo Ren always so pale? He never could catch any Reys! A Star Wars themed dad joke for the holiday.
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	Why did the dolphin take up Buddhism? Because he was searching for a higher porpoise!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	An owl was delivering three letters. It lost one of its letters. Ow.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you know a person is old? When they remember the dead sea as just being a little sick.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I never learned when to properly use contractions but that is ok it's what it's
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why do chickens lay eggs? Because if they dropped them, they'd break.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I found a hole in my wall that I didn't know existed Me: I never knew that hole was there My Dad: where did you think it was? I then proceeded to laugh way too much
dadjokes	nature	observation	general	0	TIL: A few hundred years ago, the boomerang was Australia's chief export. And import.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	So I was at the bar last night and the waitress screamed "Does anyone know CPR??" I said, "Hell, I know the whole alphabet!" Everyone laughed... well, everyone except this one guy
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	Near the end of my wife's pregnancy she suddenly began yelling out "can't!", "won't!", "shan't!", "mustn't!", and suddenly it dawned on me.. I think she's having contractions!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Without any natural border, how can you tell when you're in Finland, and when you're in Lapland? Once you pass the last Lap, you're at the Finnish line. *I'll show myself out...*
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Security at Los Angeles International Airport was very chill I guess it was LAX.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Four men are stranded with nothing but cigarettes on a boat with no way to light them So they throw one cigarette off board, and the whole boat becomes a cigarette lighter
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife screamed "you haven't listened to a single word I've said, have you?! I was taken aback...what a weird way to start a conversation.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	I like my women like I like my coffee I've never had coffee but it smells nice.
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	Someone told me "you believe in god? No way!" And I was like "Yahweh"
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What did the cantaloupe name his daughter? Melony
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Dad joked a cashier yesterday I bought a box of zip lock bags and when she asked me if I needed a bag I told her no thanks, I have a hundred right here. She didn't get it.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My addiction to Helium is out of control, but... No one is taking my cries for help seriously.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What kind of cheese does Medusa eat? Gorgonzola.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	You know why they called it Saturn? Because it had a nice ring to it.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I went to the doctor complaining of a weak back... Doctor asked me how long I had it. I said, "Oh, since about a week back."
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	My mom asked my dad how he makes his tacos He said one shell at a time, just like the rest of us
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What's the difference between regular and Israeli hummus? Hummus: good. Israeli hummus: Israeli good
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Maths lecturer is clearly a Dad. He was briefing us on what next year's course would entail; "You'll be dealing with matrices, and no, they are not what mathematicians sleep on!"
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	It's ironic how she died when her zodiac sign is cancer! She was killed by a giant crab.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Who is the king of the pencil case? The ruler.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Daughter today: "Dad, can we do an Easter-egg hunt tomorrow?" Me: "Sure! You can do an Easter-egg hunt every single day" ^^^You ^^^probably ^^^won't ^^^find ^^^any ^^^though.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	I live in the house next door to where the Notorious B.I.G. grew up as a child. The current owners let me take a look inside. No biggie.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I used to be addicted to Tide Pods, But now I'm clean.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	How does Spider-Man think of such witty comebacks? Because with great power comes great response ability.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Becoming a vegetarian... ...is a big missed steak.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Alpha, Delta, and Omicron walk into a bar and order a few Coronas. "That'll be $20.21", the bartender says.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	How can you distinguish a dogwood from other trees? By the Bark.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	GF has been working on her taxes for the last two hours "This is too much - I'm exhausted!" "...sounds *taxing*."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call an educator under the influence? A high school teacher
dadjokes	tech	observation	general	0	I asked my son to go get me a phone book. He laughed, called me a dinosaur, and handed me his iPhone. The spider is dead, the iPhone screen is cracked, and my son is furious!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Me: The city has high school taxes. Dad: What about the elementary schools?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a princess who just turned eighteen? Barely regal *drumroll*
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Had a presentation about wind energy today. It was a breeze.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I was at a bar with my new girlfriend. I picked up the fork and said "wanna fork?" She then picked up a napkin and said "it's napkina happen."
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	When someone gets a migraine. Tell them, "Don't worry it's only in your head."
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife found out I was cheating after she discovered the letters I was hiding from her She's never gonna play Scrabble with me again!
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	Got the wife and myself after I realized what I said. Wife: Taste this chocolate, it is better than sex. Me: You probably have terrible sex.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What starts with 'w' and ends with 'hat' .
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I heard my teenager mumbling in her sleep. She kept repeating, "1,3,5,7,9" Literally she can't even.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I raised the alarm at work today.... The midgets were furious.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call birds that stick together? Velcrows!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	An opinion without 3.14 is an onion.
dadjokes	family	dark	general	0	The nurse handed me my new born baby. "Sorry, your wife didn't make it.." *Hands the baby back*. Bring me the one my wife made
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I was fired from the keyboard factory yesterday I guess I wasn't putting in enough shifts
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A woman is addicted to pretending to be a nun. She just can't lose the habit.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I had a dream that I was a muffler I woke up exhausted
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What was left after the French cheese factory exploded? Da Brie
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What is the fastest liquid on earth? Milk! It's pasteurized before you even see it!
dadjokes	society	observation	general	0	We need to add three more states to the United States of America 53 states would make it a prime number; One nation, indivisible.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear how the named Canada? Someone was pulling letters out of a hat... "C, eh? N, eh? D, eh?
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	I asked my father if he knew any finish carpenters He replied "Nope, only Canadian carpenters and a couple of Americans"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I informed my wife that the world does not revolve around our daughter... Wife: "Why would you say that?" Me: "She's our daughter; not our Sun."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Shuttle driver at work had a good one just now Customer asks him, "Are you the shuttle?" He replies, "the shuttle is over there, I'm the driver!" Customer and I had a good laugh at that one!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the bingo caller who had a tumor? Luckily, the tumor was B-9.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Look at this! This
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What time do ducks wake up? At the quack of dawn.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A King has 3 cups. The first 2 are full and the 3rd is empty. What is the King's name? King Philip III
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	"I'd like to have a toast" said the father-in-law at his daughters wedding "Add some jam on it," he continued (Smh this wasn't appreciated enough at r/jokes)
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Knock knock... "Who's there?" "Cows go." "Cows go who?" "No, silly. Cows go moo"
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	My boss said my math skills are average. That's just mean.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Got my mum with a dad joke. Her: "This sweater doesn't compliment me does it?" Me: "Well you should hear what it says behind your back!" There sadly was no groan, just a blank stare.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My dad was very upset when our bunnies escaped. It's his worst fear - hare loss.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I lost my whole Lord of The Rings Lego set Now I'm Legoless
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What did the bee say when he returned to the hive? Hi Honey, I'm home!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Oh, dad... I know a guy that crushes pepsi cans for a living. It's soda pressing.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Watched a documentary on illegal drugs last night. Five Stars. Most documentaries are more enjoyable that way.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Even good harmonica players suck half the time... And when they don't suck they blow.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the green grape say to the purple grape? BREATHE YOU IDIOT, BREATHE!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a dirty bus station and a lobster with breast implants? One's a crusty bus station and the other's a busty crustacean.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What kind of prize do you give someone who hasn't moved a muscle in over a year? A trophy
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Dad jokes at the doctor Doctor, "Hello, thanks for being patient" Me, "Hello, thanks for being doctor" We both chuckled
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Hostess couldn't quite figure out where to seat us... Dad: "She's taking us on a wild booth chase!" Note: He said this through tears of laughter, while literally slapping his own knee.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Ham Sandwich walks into a bar.. Strolls up to the bartender and says 'Pint of lager please mate' Bartender looks the Ham Sandwich up and down and says 'Sorry mate, we don't serve food here'
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was just looking at a new apartment but it didn't have any mirrors in it... I don't think I can see myself there.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	The waitress came over and saw my leftovers and asked, "do ya wanna box for that?" I responded with, "no, but we can arm wrestle any day."
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What should a vegan do before he enters the butcher? Prepare for the würst
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A limbo champion walks into a bar He was disqualified
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	This text from my dad Me: "I got a 94 on my psych exam from tuesday" Dad: "thats great. You must be psyched"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.........
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My son dad joked me... Driving passed a harbour and my son points out a "boat" which I explained is actually a ferry, he then says to me "Yes daddy it's a ferry big boat..." He's only 4...
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Friend has a date Friend: Are you selling roses? Me: Yes Friend: Can I buy one for my date tomorrow? Me: Date? Friend: The 6th of March Me: ...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Whenever I come back from a lengthy trip to the bathroom "Whew, I'm pooped."
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Good Morning Dad Me: Morning, What's up? Dad: WE ARE! HAHAH
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	"Son, now that you are a father, you should read this book" "What is it dad?" "1001 greatest dad jokes" "wow dad, i'm honoured" "hi honoured, i'm dad.."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was asked to give the first initial and last name of my favorite philosopher But I said I Kant.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I walked in on my girlfriend having sex with her personal trainer. I told her that this isn't working out.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	Walking by a clothing store, my wife says, "I would like to try on the swimsuit in the front window." Me: I think you have to use the dressing room like everyone else.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I told my boyfriend that I got an expensive haircut, but they left my bangs too long. He replied, "too much bang for your buck?"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A joke I made just before a test in math I turned to a friend next to me: "Will you tell me the answers if I don't know something?" "No." "I was counting on you. Now I have to use my hands."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was told my jokes were cheesy I was told my jokes were cheesy, but I think they're pretty Gouda.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	(Scottish Joke) Why did the cow go on holiday? Because it had a wee calf.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Apple have cancelled thier planned cruise ship, the iTanic. Apparently it kept synching when docked Edit: I know spelling of 'their' is wrong. Cannot be changed.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why does the Norwegian navy have bar codes on the side of their ships? So when they get back to port, they can Scandinavian
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the sailboat start doing drugs? Pier pressure
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	What's a communist's favorite unit of time? Hours
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day ... Give a man a poisoned fish, and you'll feed him for a lifetime!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a neat Caucasian? Tidy whitey.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you know that 2x10 is the same as 2x11? The first one's twenty, the second is twenty too.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I googled the phrase "missing medieval servant". It came back with "page not found".
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	All my friends hate me for this one What did the seal with a broken arm say to the shark? Do not consume if seal is broken
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My boyfriend didn't like my new haircut A month later I asked him if he's changed his mind yet. He said "yeah, it's growing on me." "No, it's growing on me."
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	My wife was wondering what her breast milk tastes like, so she asked the baby. And he told her... Umami.
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	Pi day joke My substitute teacher laid this down. Short but sweet: "I used to know a guy named pi, but we stopped talking because he just kept going on and on and on..." *groan*
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife sent me an article about "sandpaper spouses..." I told her she must be 2000 grit, 'cause she's FINE!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I tried to tell the Egyptian that he was drowning But he was in denial
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a man with a pace maker and irritable bowel syndrome? A gas electric hybrid.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	"Hey what's up?" A Pixar Movie.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a fast escalator? An Escasooner
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why do Seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay they'd be bagels
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Dancing Queen used to have a lot of profanity in its lyrics, but after computers became common... No one needed an abba cuss.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is Mr T's favourite month? APRIL! Fools.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad used to get shot from a cannon at the circus. When he retired they had to close the show. They couldn't find another man of his caliber.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My 3 year old asked her mum if her 8 month old brother was allowed to eat his toy drum. She said it was fine. I said won't there be repercussions? Got an eye roll followed by a laugh.
dadjokes	arts	observation	general	0	Everyone knows that the zip code for Beverly Hills is 90210 thanks to the show, but not as many people know the zip code to Dawson's Creek. It's 90108 ^...for ^our ^^lives ^^^to ^^^be ^^^over...
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Did I tell you about my new chicken-proof lawn? It's absolutely impeckable
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Met a girl last night whose parents didn't let her watch The Simpsons when she was younger... I asked if her parents were Homerphobic...
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My daughter got jelly on her nightgown I said, "no big deal, you'll just have sweet dreams."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How can you tell if a joke is a dad joke? It'll be apparent.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I've gone without booze for a week. It's been a sobering experience.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Asked the barista if the dark roast was good Barista: Some people say it tastes like dirt, but what do they expect, it was ground this morning.
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	Where did Noah keep the bees In the ark hives.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	How did the tree feel in spring? Releaved
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Why did the can crusher quit its job? Because it was soda-pressing.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Dad talking to my 4-year-old nephew. After building a snowman yesterday: Nephew: "Look grandpa, the snowman is still there!" My dad: "Yeah but he's probably freezing."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	At the grocery store, would you like paper or plastic? Either one... I'm bi-sacksual.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I can cut down a tree by just looking at it It's true I saw it with my own two eyes
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I was thinking of buying a pocket calculator. but then I thought, "who cares how many pockets I have?"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I love how the Earth rotates It makes my day
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I tried looking up synonyms of confusion. But I came away with uncertainty and disorientation.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I bought a really expensive laxative from the pharmacy. It gave me a good run for my money.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What has only one finger and is very demanding ? A Ransom Note.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	With great reflexes... ...come great response ability.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I came home the other day and found out that all the bulbs in my house have been stolen... I was delighted.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My buddy told me to ask him if he's a horse. he said neigh.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why can't your hand be twelve inches long? Because then it would be a foot
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	The circle is the most ridiculous shape out there. There's absolutely no point to it.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Ironing Shirts When I don't have time to iron a shirt, I just steel one.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What's one vegetable you should NEVER bring on a boat? LEEKS. (my 10yo told me this - he said he thought it up himself.)
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a piano, fish and glue You can tune a piamo, but you can't tuna fish
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My Lesbian neighbors bought me a Rolex for my birthday I think they misunderstood when I said, "I wanna watch"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Today a lady at the bank asked me to check her balance So I pushed her over
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How does Mike Rowe (Host of Dirty Jobs) cook most of his meals? In his Mike-Rowe-Wave.
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	Thinking of becoming a Satan worshiper Just for hell of it.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I was out in the club and they played "The Twist," so I did the twist. They played "the Macarena," so I did the Macarena. Then they played "Come On Eileen" and I got kicked out.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	At the Indian Restaurant Me: I wonder if they would tell us how to make this bread. Girlfriend: Actually I'm sure it's pretty easy! Me: I don't know, we may have to sign a Naan Disclosure Agreement.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why couldn't the man open the door? He couldn't handle it.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad made a joke at dinner... Mom: "Did you know that grapes can kill dogs?" Dad: "You'd have to throw them pretty hard..." My mom was not amused, but I was losing it haha
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I ordered a Chicken and an Egg from Amazon I'll let you know
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A horse walks into a bar... The bartender says "hey" . . The horse replies "sure"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	"Dad: 'Did you know that all the people who live around here aren't allowed to be buried in that cemetery?' me: 'Really? why not?' dad: 'Because they're not dead yet.'
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Do you know what I miss? Small targets that are very far away.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	Daughter: I have to do a report on sinkholes. Me: Oh, well do you know the best kind of sinkhole? Sinkhole de Mayo
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Within minutes, the detectives figured out what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
dadjokes	arts	observation	general	0	I liked the Harry Potter books and movies, but... I feel like the character of Nearly Headless Nick was a bit poorly executed.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Do you know what Murphy's Law is? It says that "Anything that can go wrong, will go wrong." Do you know what Cole's Law is? Thinly sliced cabbage.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a girl with no body and no nose? nobody nose
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	What type of pasta do they serve at a haunted house? Fettuccini Afraido
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I once photographed a track team practice for the high school yearbook. I guess you could call it *timed laps* photography.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Before my surgery, the anesthetist offered to knock me out with gas or a boat paddle. It was an ether/oar situation
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the pirate get his ship so cheaply? It was on sail!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt and walks up to the bartender and asks for two beers and says... "One for me and one for the road"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the baby corn, say to the momma corn? Where's pop corn?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Got my sister! Her: I usually play tennis by night at like nine-ish. Me: Do you even play ten-ish? Her: ... What? Dad laughed at it though!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you turn a T into a P? Drink it. Edit: Maybe "Drink the tea" is clearer.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Tokenism is when your organization has only one PoC just for appearances sake. If you have only one elf, that's Tolkienism.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	TIL: If your boat turns upside down in the river, you can wear it on your head. Because it is capsized.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	So I recently joined a nudist colony. The first few days were the hardest.
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why should you always wear glasses when doing Math? It helps with division.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I used to have a full size wooden car. Wooden wheels, wooden engine, wooden seats. BUT, when I tried to drive it, it wooden go.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you... You have my Word.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	English Prof is a Dad We were discussing the possibility of selling your organs for money. Prof: "I for one support the selling of organs. But I draw the line at pianos."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did Jay-Z call his wife before they got married Feyoncé
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a group of Minnesota gangsters? Oh geez.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	guy: your clothes are gay me: I know they just came out of the closet
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is the difference between your file cabinet and your kidney? One is for your information; the other's for urine formation
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I get nostalgic when reversing my car It always takes me back
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	What is it, Dad? It is a pronoun used to reference an object or thing.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the sea monster say to the comedian? You're kraken me up
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My dad was cooking chicken noodle soup and it was boiling very rapidly. He looks at the pot and says "whoa, simmer down!"
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a tuna, a piano and a glue stick? You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A guy rushed past me at the post office to deliver 25 different letters He skipped the Q.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A mathematician comes home drunk at 3 AM. His wife: Hey, you promised to be in by 1145. What the hell happened? Him: No, I told you I'll be home by a quarter of twelve.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	How do you cut a tiny pizza? With Little Caesar's.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I tried to steal candy from a newborn baby. He slapped my hand away. Turns out he wasn't born yesterday.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Gay jokes aren't funny Come on guys
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	What do a... Necrophiliac and alcoholic have in common? They both like to crack open a cold one
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a well-dressed bicyclist and a poorly dressed unicyclist? Attire.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	How was the Roman Empire cut in half? With a pair of Ceasars! My dad, ladies and gentlemen.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I know dad jokes aren't for everyone, but I thought I'd go ahead and post one here... 1
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I couldn't believe my good fortune when he asked me this. Him: "Hey, is there a special setting on the toaster for waffles? Me: "Not really, use the 'Frozen' setting and just let it go."
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	How does the pope pay for stuff he wins on ebay? ... Papal.com
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm making a new documentary on how to fly a plane We're currently filming the pilot.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I bought a pair of shoes from a drug dealer.. I don't know what he laced them with but I have been tripping all day
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If you find gold in Australia, where do you look for silver? Agstralia.
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Will transparent coffins be a success? Remains to be seen.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's a palindrome? No it isn't.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Make sure you get a lot of sleep tonight! Because tomorrow, we begin a 31 day March!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why is the military so strict about their uniforms? To minimize casual tees
dadjokes	life	tv-quote	general	0	What do you call someone who points out the obvious? Someone who points out the obvious.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	A man walks into his doctor's office and says, "Doctor, I think I'm addicted to Twitter." The doctor looks at him and says, "Sorry, I don't follow you."
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	An astronaut was trying to make coffee on the space station... Astronaut 1: "I want to make coffee but I can't find any milk." Astronaut 2: "In space, no one can. Here, use cream."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Girlfriend got me good tonight at the movies Went to see Ant Man and she kept squirming in her seat, so I ask her "What's wrong? You okay?" Her response: "Yeah, I'm just feeling a bit antsy." Sigh
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My wife spilled her red hair coloring all over the bathroom It looked like somebody dyed in there...
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I went to the bee keepers to buy some bees. All the bees had price tags on them except one. It was a freebie.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	"Did you blow bubbles as a kid?" "Well, of course I did." "Well, he's back in town and wants your number." My dad told this joke to me for the first time when I was like 10.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	The inventor of the Velcro has died. RIP.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Mom walked right into that one.... While researching gift ideas for my nieces and nephew; my mom texts me and asks, "What's the difference between an Xbox 360 and an Xbox One?" "About 359."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's Irish and stays out all night? Patty O'Furniture
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is the best time on the clock? It has to be 6:30, hands down.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My gf's uncle pulled this one off last night I was a man trapped in a woman's body. [pause for effect] And then I was born.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Who is the most impressive guy in a restaurant? The Waiter He just brings so much to the table
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	My son told me I need to quit playing Wonderwall on guitar... I said maybe...
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Every morning, I find that somebody has quietly put a bunch of celery on my front door step. I think I'm being stalked.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A pirate walks into a bar with a steering wheel on his pants. The bartender says, "Hey, you've got a steering wheel on your pants." The pirate says, "Arrrr, I know. It's driving me nuts."
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What type of hairstyle is popular with polar bears? Frosted tips.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	What do you call a carnivorous weatherman? A meat-eater-ologist!
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I don't often tell dad jokes But when I do he usually laughs
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Every time we cross train tracks, I tell my kids... "Hey, a train just went by!" "How do you know daddy?" "Because its tracks are still here!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do they say in Paris, TX? Oui-haw!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the Spanish farmer tell his dad before moving to the city? Ciudad.
dadjokes	arts	quip	general	0	The ending of Game of Thrones makes sense, think about it. Arya went west, Jon went north, Drogon went east, and the show went south. Thank you and goodnight
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back four seconds.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I went to the store to get eight cans of sprite... But when I got back home I realized I had only picked seven up
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What's it called when you take a call while on the toilet Voice over IP
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	My wife insisted on pouring flour into the melted butter. I told her she would roux the day.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the Mexican take Xanax? For Hispanic attacks.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	My sexual fantasies have slowly been getting more perverse... It wasn't until i spanked a statue that i realised i had hit rock bottom.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I started getting death threats after wearing paper towels for a hat... Apparently there's a Bounty on my head
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why don't you breed an eel with an eagle? It's Eeleagle
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Are you new? I do Hockey commentary and someone I hadn't met before was sitting in the commentator's booth so I asked if he was new. He replied, "I'm 38. I'm not that new."
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Russian Tortoise I am a proud father. Wife: Your teacher has a Russian Tortoise. 6-year old son: Why is called Russian when it goes so slow.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	When I heard that Oxygen and Magnesium were dating, I was like OMg
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Son: Mom, what is a swordfish? Mom: you've never seen a swordfish? Dad: Don't be silly, swords can't fish! (Overheard at a restaurant by a very proud of himself Dad)
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I turned 31 today. I guess you could say I've hit my prime.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	My cows started smoking marijuana. The steaks have never been higher.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I saw my ex-girlfriend standing on the other side of the museum, but I didn't go and say hi. There was just too much history between us.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What kind of key opens no doors? A Turkey
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I just watched a video of a drill. It was a bit boring.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	"I feel like such a failure, doc. All my 5 boys want to be valets when they grow up." Doctor: WOW! That's the worst case of parking son's disease I've ever seen.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a fish without an eye? Fsh.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why was the person with insomnia taken into custody? They were resisting a rest.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's Forrest Gump's computer password? 1forrest1
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	You know what the best part about Switzerland is? Well the flag's a big plus.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I finally cut ties with someone who was dragging me down Mountain climbing with a friend was hard
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is Whitney Houston's favorite type of coordination? HAND EEEEEEEEYE!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	They're finally making a movie called "Clocks"... It's about time...
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	First day home and he's at it already Mum: Did you get the train back on your own? Dad: No I'm sure there were other people on it.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I can always tell if someone is lying just by looking at them. I can also tell if they're standing up.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How much does a dragon weigh? Depends on the scales.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I couldn't decide which asian food I wanted more, Japanese or Chinese so... I just called it a Thai
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Did you know people used to use spices as currency? It's like the old saying goes: thyme is money.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Imagine the Titanic with a lisp. It's unthinkable.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A weasel walks into a bar. The bartender says, "Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can i get you?" "Pop" Goes the weasel
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Dad: Son, I'll never forget where I was when I heard the news that JFK was shot. It was my sixth grade American history class.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I tried to organize a Hide and Seek tournament, but I eventually gave up. Good players are hard to find.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Today I had someone knock on my door asking for small donations towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Just happened. An awkward silence followed until it finally clicked. Friend: *watching TV show called Sunday* "I wonder when Sunday ends." Me: "11:59 I think."
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Did you hear the dadjoke about the peaches? It was pittiful.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	My wife was abducted by a gang of mimes. They did unspeakable things to her.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	7 YO daughter got me with this one today. What animal is best at closing holes? Seal EDIT: Both Mum and I groaned, but I told her I was incredibly proud of her.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I have sycic powers. For example, a second ago, you thought, "The dude doesn't know how to spell psychic."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a cake baked by a hooker? Hoemade
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My Dad just said this one in the drive-thru not 2 minutes ago First Window staffer, who takes the payment: "Hi, it's $7.30 (said like 'seven-thirty') My Father: "No it's not, it's only 1 o' clock"
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Milk is also the fastest liquid on earth; It's pasteurized before you even see it.
dadjokes	life	verse	general	0	I dig, You dig, He digs, She digs, We dig, They dig. Its not a long poem but its very deep
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	To the thief who stole my pillow,know this. I will not rest until i find you.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Dad pulls up to a red light, Car next to him revs the engine and yells "race?" Dad responds "Hispanic!"
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	A slice of apple pie in Jamaica is $2.00 and a slice in the Bahamas is $2.50. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	As I suspected, someone's been adding soil in my yard The plot thickens.
dadjokes	tech	observation	general	0	I went to renew PlayStation Now but accidentally got Xbox Live Gold. Any advice? Whoops, wrong sub.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a waving pepper? A Hola-peno
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Scientists got bored after watching the Earth turn after 24 hours So they called it a day
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	A couple were arguing over which of them gets to finish preparing their son's chocolate cake... It was a custardy battle.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I picked up an electric bug zapper racket the other day. All you bad bugs beware... ...I just joined the SWAT team.
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	You were late for the meeting, you have to put money in the late jar. I would, but it hasn't shown up yet. Based on an actual exchange between myself and a coworker.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's red and smells like blue paint? Red paint
dadjokes	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dad? Where are we going? Forward.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Dad joked the waitress Waitress is taking our order. Dad: I'd like a rubber band sandwich. And make it snappy.
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	My daughter thinks I don't give her enough privacy. Atleast that's what she said in her diary.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My friend was really proud of his British heritage until he found out that his great grandfather was from Transylvania. Now he can't even look at himself in the mirror.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	6.30 is the best time on a clock. Hands down.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why does the Norwegian navy have barcodes on their ships? So when they come back to port they can Scandinavian.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	What did the nut say when it was chasing the other nut? I'm a cashew.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why do ants never fall sick? Because they have little anty-bodies.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a man with no nose and no body...? Nobody nose
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What would you call Spider-Man if he was a valet? Peter Parker.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why does a mermaid wear seashells? Because she outgrew her b-shells.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	The other day I bought a thesaurus, but when I got home and opened it, all the pages were blank I have no words to describe how angry I am
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	What do you call the shortest mother? The minimum
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife told me her period had been going on several days longer than it usually does. I said... Sounds more like an ellipsis...
dadjokes	life	insult	general	0	Yo Momma is so mean.... She has no standard deviation.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I got my own private jet The rest of the jacuzzi belongs to my wife.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	RIP boiling water You will be mist
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I can't believe Elon Musk is from South Africa And not Madatgascar
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How come most buildings in America don't have a thirteenth floor? Because most buildings are shorter than that.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Never tell a secret in a cornfield There are too many ears
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I tried to attend a seminar for kleptomaniacs. All the seats were already taken.
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	So I forgot to pay my exorcist... I got repossessed.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	My neighbor asked me if I could come over next weekend and help him strain some pasta I told him I'd have to check my colander.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	My wife just said "You weren't even listening, were you?" I thought that's a weird way to start a conversation
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do the star ship Enterprise and toilet paper have in common? They both look for "cling ons" around "Uranus"
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I'm going to the Fibonacci convention this year It promises to be as big as the last two put together!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	So my dad comes home from the barbershop... I ask him, "Did you get a haircut" He replies "I didn't know we owned a rabbit"
dadjokes	faith	joke	general	0	What do you call a Batman that skips church? Christian Bale
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	How did Pavlov get such great hair? He conditioned it
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Do Cannibals eat ramen? Or do they cook them first?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I read a lengthy article about Japanese sword fighters It's okay I can Samurais it for you.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How can you tell if there's a spy on a flight? You can't, he's in-de-skies!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why doesn't Mike Tyson use a PlayStation? Because he's an X-Boxer
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why can't a chicken coop have more than two doors? Because if it had 4 doors it would be called chicken sedan.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My 7 year old just made me so proud My wife: can you call my phone? I can't find it Daughter: MOMMY'S PHOOONNNNE!! And now I'm sitting here with a huge grin while my wife is glaring at me
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I rely on hotels so much, I've actually become quite inn-dependent.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I angered two people by callling them hipsters....... Apparently the correct term is conjoined twins.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	My girlfriend wanted to go to a botanical garden in the mountains I rose to the occasion.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was gonna give archery a shot But there's too many drawbacks
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you fix a damaged jack-o-lantern? You use a pumpkin patch.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a teacher who doesn't fart in public? A private tutor
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	In a field there are 30 wolves and 28 chickens. How many didn't? 10 wolves didn't. (Please tell me you guys got it)
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Glows in the Dark Son: my frisbee glows in the dark Dad: it sure does, it also glows in the light; you just can't see that.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Rear-ended a midget Rear-ended a midget the other day. He got out of the car and told me "he was not happy" So I asked, "which one are you"?
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	You were named after Adolf Hitler. He was named first!
dadjokes	life	tv-quote	general	0	What time is it? Me: You have to get up. Wife: Is it 7:30? Me: The sequel, actually. Wife: [pauses] 7:32? Me: Yep. Wife: I hate you.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Where do salt lovers go to pray? [OC] The taberNaCl. (I would apologize, but this is /dadjokes) (X-posted to jokes.)
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	Getting my toy drone stuck in a tree hasn't been the worst thing that happened to me today. But it's definitely up there.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	orion's belt is a waist of space... terrible joke, only three stars
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	Whatever you do, don't spell part backwards Because it's a trap
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A bad workman blames his fools... **EDIT: tools** ...stupid keyboard...
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I only lasted a month at the calender factory. They fired me after taking a day off
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the inmate that stuttered? He never finished his sentence.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	Nobody ever asks how Coca-Cola is doing. They always ask "is Pepsi okay"?
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Dad and Son Team Dinner guest: So last night I was watching a PBS documentary on Mars. Father and Son simultaneously: Wow! How did you get back? (fist bump)
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I've just angered two people on the street, by calling them hipsters.. .. apparently, the correct term is conjoined twins.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the bra say to the hat? You go on a head, I'll give these two a lift!
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I️ used to work at a calendar factory I️ got fired because I️ took a couple days off
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My wife showed me her mom's quilts, and asked me which one I preferred. I said, "I refuse to make blanket statements."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why do mermaids wear sea-shells? Because B-shells are too small and D-shells are too big.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why'd the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He's an excellent parallel Parker 😬
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Today a man knocked on my door and asked for a small donation towards the local swimming pool. I gave him a glass of water.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Dad jokes are the best and i am now gonna write why Why
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	I asked my kids if they liked my grandmother. They said she's a great grandmother.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	At school I used to get called an elephant. I'll never forget that
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	I saw the film San Andreas. It had its faults.
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	My boss said to me, "You are the worst train operator ever. How many trains have you derailed in the past year?" I said, "I'm not sure. It's so hard to keep track."
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	That super bowl was so good It was the best one I've seen all year
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Someone offered me a TV for $1, because the volume was stuck at the max. I couldn't turn it down.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My friend got fired from his cow milking job because of his erratic behavior. He was a danger to himself and udders.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My boyfriend was talking about his beard this morning.... He said, "see, it's growing on you!" I just stared at him. "No, silly, it's growing on YOU!"
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Heres a bit of advice for you all Advi
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Probably one of the deepest books you will ever read 2,000 Leagues Under the Sea
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	I keep asking people what LGBTQ stands for Bur I never get a straight answer
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why can't your nose be 12 inches? Because then it would be a foot! (Credit - The Last of Us)
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a dictionary on drugs? Addictionary.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a turtle missing one leg? Turtle leanie
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I went into the pharmacy and asked the assistant, "What is the best thing for killing germs?" "Ammonia cleaner." She replied. I said, "Sorry, I thought you worked here."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What number is also a sport? Ten is.
dadjokes	arts	quip	general	0	The text says it all It all
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast.....
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My wife asked me, "Honey, do you think our kids are spoiled?" I said, "No, I think most kids smell that way."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's brown and rhymes with Snoop? Dr. Dre.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My five-year-old came up with this one: "What does Daddy drink when he has a bad cough?" "Coffee. Get it? Cough-ee."
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	"Dad, we're out of protein powder." Dad: "Are you sure?" Me: "Yeah, check the bin." Dad: "There's no whey!" Me: ...
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	At my sister's graduation... One kid threw his cap up in the air too early. My dad turns to me and says, "Oops, premature ecapulation."
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I love it when my kids don't get the joke until the next day... Hear today, groan tomorrow.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I've suspected my Wife of adding extra soil to our garden, so I confronted her about it, but she just shrugged it off.. Hmm...the plot thickens
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My wife told me she saw two EMTs walking over by the hospital. "Two EMTs?" I asked her... ...don't you mean "pair o' medics"?
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why dont eagles and eels breed? Because its eeleagle.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I have a pet tree Kinda like having a pet dog but the bark is quieter
dadjokes	love	dark	general	0	My wife treats me like god She ignores my existence and talks to me when she needs something
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Broken puppets for sale. No strings attached.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why can't you get cell phone service when you're naked? No shirt, no shoes, no service.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's Irish and stays outside all year long? Patty O'Furniture.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Why are photographers so hesitant to get into a relationship? They're interested in developing one, but can't stop focusing on all the negatives.
dadjokes	faith	joke	general	0	What do you call a nun in a wheelchair? Virgin Mobile
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife complains I don't buy her flowers. In all honesty, I didn't know she sold flowers.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	My friend Jack claims he can communicate with vegetables. Jack and the beans talk!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I can hear music coming out of my printer. I think the papers jammin' again.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did Pink Panther say when he stepped on an ant? Dead ant. Dead ant. Dead ant, dead ant, dead ant.
dadjokes	life	tv-quote	general	0	"I DON'T GIVE AN F!!" Said the considerate teacher
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I asked the librarian if they had any books about paranoia She looked up and quietly replied, "they're right behind you."
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I'm getting sick and tired of my wife constantly accusing me of sitting around and doing nothing. I'm not going to stand for it.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Never Trust Someone With Graph Paper... They're always plotting something.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What did the German baker say when he met his friend? Gluten tag
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	The police came to my door and told me my dogs were chasing people on bikes My dogs don't even have bikes
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my grandfather did. Not screaming in terror like the passengers in his car.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a yam in a hotel? A suite potato! nbd just a classic dad joker
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Where do naughty rainbows go? Prism
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	When does a joke become a dad joke? When it's fully groan
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Father's Day here in Australia and my grandad asked if my little brother was cold. Go and stand over in the corner if you're cold, it's ninety degrees over there.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I decided to quit my job as a personal trainer because I'm not big enough or strong enough I've just handed in my Too weak notice.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can learn to roast beef.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I was wondering why there was music coming from printer.... Then I realised the paper was jammin
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Nurse: "Doctor, there's a patient on line 1 that says he's invisible" Doctor: "Well, tell him I can't see him right now."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What starts with w and ends with hore? The title
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Sister asks the question Sister: Do black people die more often than white people? Dad: No, I think everyone dies only once.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I drank some food coloring by accident... I feel like I dyed a little inside.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	How do Germans tie their shoelaces? ...in little knotsies.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	Woke up and my girlfriend wasn't home so I sent her a text... Me: "Where are you?" Gf: "I've been kidnapped. Send help." Me: "Help." Gf: "I'm going to kill you!"
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I love to tell dad jokes He thinks I'm pretty funny.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Does anyone want to buy my old vacuum cleaner? It's just gathering dust.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I hate when people ask me where I see myself in 3 years. Like come on guys, I don't have 2020 vision
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I got this new chapstick today... It's the balm
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My boyfriend got frustrated while I was trying to choose a pair of shoes... Him: "just pick any pair. It's not like they have feelings" Me: "But they do have soles!!" We both groaned.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My dad when going back to university... Dad: I got an A on my essay! Me: That's really good dad Dad: Yea it's a good start, but what other letters should I use?
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	I have a step ladder at home... ... I never knew my real ladder.
dadjokes	tech	quip	general	0	This year, give Mom the gift of Microsoft Office Word to your Mother
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A doctor gave a man 6 months to live The man couldn't pay his bill so the doctor gave him another 6 months
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	What happened when Steve Miller drank a cup of herbal tea in his time machine? Thyme kept on sipping...sipping..sipping..into the future..
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	Co-worker said: "I was thinking about turning 30 this morning" I said: "You'll have to wait until your birthday" I don't have any children.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	What do you call a baker whose parents are siblings? Inbred.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why did the sea monster eat 5 ships carrying potatoes? Because you can't eat just one potato ship.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	"Dad, I'm cold." "Go stand in the corner, I hear it's 90 degrees."
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why haven't Aliens visited our solar system? They looked at the reviews and we only have one star.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring. The doctor says I'm okay, but I feel like I'm dying inside.
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	Why was the mathematician arrested after a night out? He was caught drinking and deriving.
dadjokes	faith	quip	general	0	I only believe in 12.5% of the bible.. Guess that makes me an eighth theist.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3 in the Bahamas These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	My deaf girlfriend just told me, "We need to talk." That's not a good sign.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	To the guy who stoly my antidepressants... ... I hope you're happy now
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	How do you know that a sniper likes you? He misses you.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I told my daughter she was named after Thomas Jefferson... She said "Dad... my name is Scarlett." "Yeah, I know. But you were named *after* Thomas Jefferson."
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the band named 1023MB? They don't have a gig yet.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	A book just fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	The mountains aren't just funny, they're Hill areas
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	When is a car no longer a car? When it turns into a driveway.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	A person asked me, "Aren't you the guy who brags about weird stuff?" I replied, "No, Im the guy who takes the longest baths in the city".
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	How does Mario talk to his dead brother? With a Luigi Board. Credit to my friend Jeff for this one.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Brother got dad joked. My brother walked downstairs and said Dad,how do you spell awesome? Without missing a beat my dad says "D-A-D." Everybody in the house let out a groan.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Yesterday a clown held a door open for me. ...I thought it was a nice jester.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A man robbed me with milk and cream today How dairy
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	7 years a slave I'm visiting my parents and my dad tells me he watched 7 years a slave. My mom goes 'you mean 12 years a slave?' My dads response? 'No, I haven't finished watching it yet.'
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I named my horse mayo And sometimes, mayo neighs
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My wife keeps telling me writing my V's as B's makes me Russian. Well, if that's the case.. .. then Soviet!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I used to race snails.. I thought I'd take off the shell to make them faster, but it just made them sluggish.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Dadjoked my wife Her: They're changing the SAT again. They're making the essay portion not required. Me: So it's just the T's now?
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A limbo champion walks into a bar He is disqualified
dadjokes	family	observation	general	0	If you are a dad and your name is Jay... your son needs to be named Jason.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why isn't "Dark" spelled like "Darc" instead? Because You can't c in the dark
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	What club do racist scientists join? The Potassium Potassium Potassium
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What do you call a deaf dog? It doesn't matter, it can't hear you anyway. EDIT: Credit to my Economics teacher
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	To the person that stole my Microsoft Office license, I will find you You have my Word.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	An ancient Greek walks into a tailor with torn pants... He puts them on the counter of the store and the tailor looks at them. "Euripedes?" he asks. "Yes," says the man. "Eumenides?"
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	TIL tanktops are the most constitutional attire We have the right to bare arms
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Deer nuts are cheap... They're only under a buck!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I had Lasik surgery yesterday It was an eye opening experience.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I bought shoes from a drug dealer yesterday I don't know what he laced them with but I've been tripping all day
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I know a guy who sells chairs designed for use in waiting rooms. He has a very high-level position. He's the chair man of the bored.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How many sides does a circle have? Two! The inside and the outside
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My wife has this weird case of OCD where she organizes the dinner plates according to the year we bought them. It's an extremely rare dish order.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	There was a guy who REALLY hated the elevator. He took many steps to avoid it.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I got my butthole bleached yesterday After all these years, I finally changed my ringtone
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I thought my wife was joking when she said she'd leave me if I didn't stop singing 'I'm A Believer'... Then I saw her face
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I ain't sayin she a gold digger but she did migrate to California in 1849.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call coins flying through the air? The winds of change.
dadjokes	family	dark	general	0	I recently bought my only Daughter a locket with her picture inside, for her 18th birthday. .. just so glad She's now finally independent.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Cop: I'm arresting you for illegally downloading the entire Wikipedia! Me: Wait, I can explain everything!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a short mexican? A paragraph, because hes too short to be an esse
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A man walks into a bar, orders a glass of beer, and stares at the bartender for a long time to make her uncomfortable. The bartender says, "Take a pitcher. It'll last longer."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	You really shouldn't make fun of overweight people They have enough on their plates
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	What currency do astronauts use? Starbucks
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was going to tell a joke about stairs... But I guess that's more of a step-dad joke.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call a tick that lives on the moon? A lunatic.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Timmy : "Dad, am I adopted?" Dad : "No, you're Timmy."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	When I found out my toaster wasn't waterproof... I was shocked
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I had terrible internet connection on my farm till I moved the modem to the barn. Now I have stable wifi.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What two words have the most letters together ? Post office Edit: wow thanks guys
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a French guy wearing sandals? Philippe Philoppe
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a well dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the Spartacus say when the lion ate his wife? Nothing he was gladiator.
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	To everyone who wished a Happy Father's Day to "the best dad in the world..." I'm very flattered, but make sure you wish your own dad a happy Father's Day too.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What animal has more lives than a cat? A frog - it croaks every night.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	An exorcist went bankrupt. His house was repossessed.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	Girlfriend lost her phone and I couldn't resist. Gf: Will you call my phone? Me: *Solid eye contact* "...PHOOOOONE?"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I wasn't planning on getting a brain transplant But then I changed my mind
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I recently read the top 10 facts about diarrhea Number 2 surprised me
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the cheapest type of meat? Deer balls, they're under a buck. My dad just told me this... :|
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Give a man a duck, you'll feed him for a day. Teach a man to duck, he'll never hit his head again.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	An apple a day keeps the doctor away but so does a restraining order I tried okay
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Got hit with a dad joke the other day It hurt.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was carrying my ukulele in its case at school and my friend asked, "You play an instrument?" I replied, "Yeah, I play a little guitar."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My Sister complained that her office was cold... ... And her husband suggested she move her desk into the corner because it's always 90 degrees. She was not as amused as he was.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Do you know why the say "be there or be square?" Because you're not around.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is a pirate's favorite letter? R. But his true love be the C.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	If I have 26 sheep and one dies, how many are left? 19. . . . Get it? 20 sick sheep. Told to me by my 10 year old daughter. She's going to make a great dad one day.l
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife asked me to hand her chapstick and I accidentally handed her glue... She still isn't talking to me
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Incest isn't necessarily bad It's all relative
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you know Diarrhea is hereditary? Runs in your jeans.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I love how the earth rotates It really makes my day
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My lack of knowledge of Greek Mythology... ...is my Achille's knee.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Son: dad can you tell me what a solar eclipse is? Dad: no sun
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Asked my dad why he was using the lint roller on the rug... He responded with, "Because that's how I roll"
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	We were talking about a broken window. My friend broke a window when throwing a snowball and accidentally hit it. I said 'that must've been a pain to fix'
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Who's bigger : Mr. Bigger, Mrs. Bigger or their baby? Their baby. Because he's a little Bigger 😉
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How does a train eat? Chew Chew
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My boyfriends humor is influencing my 5 year old.. I told my 5 year old daughter that the colored soap in the car wash was "so pretty." She responded, "dont you mean SOAP pretty?"
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I like the way the Earth rotates. It makes my day.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	This is your captain speaking. THIS IS YOUR CAPTAIN YELLING.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm. He shouts, "A beer please! And one for the road!"
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Apparently, Jude Law has a vegetarian son. Coles Law
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Why do people in Athens hate getting up early? Because Dawn is tough on Greece.
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	Why wasn't Moses allowed in the non-denominational soup kitchen? It was a not-for-prophet organization.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was attacked by 1, 3, 5, 7, 9, the odds were against me. F
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	I read a book on prime numbers to my baby son.... ...and I had his undivided attention.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	What's the difference between an in-law and an outlaw? Outlaws are wanted!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Have you ever eaten a clock? Don't. It's really time consuming.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	I was putting away the dishes from out of the dishwasher And came upon the tupperware and asked my son "Tupperware? Oh tupper here." as I put them in the cabinet.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If life gives you melons, You might be dyslexic
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What happens when two snails get into a fight? They slug it out...
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Got the postman pretty good. My postman's off to Spain tomorrow for Christmas. I asked him if he was going to Parcelona. He ignored what I believe to be my best joke of 2014.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	I tried to view the solar eclipse by looking at it through a colander But I ended up straining my eyes
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	Apparently, if your girlfriend or wife ever says: "If anything ever happens to me, I want you to meet someone new...." ....."Anything" doesn't include getting stuck in traffic.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	"Dad, there's a hole in my sock!" "How would you put it on if it wasn't there, genius?" he said, turned around and chuckled. Thanks dad...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A date asked me if I had ever been abroad... "No, I've been a man since birth."
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	This Indian restaurant has an interesting business model. It's a naan-profit.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My 8 year old finished eating dinner 8yo: "There, I ate!" Me [points at 9yo]: "Good job! She nine." 8yo: 🤔? 9yo: "Ugh. Because I'm nine and you're eight. You _ate_. I _nine_?" 8yo: "Daaaad!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why do chicken coops only have two doors? If they had four, they would be chicken sedans.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I just heard there's a new Canadian strain of covid People are showing up to the hospital eh-symptomatic
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Where did Captain Hook get his hook? From the second hand store.
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	Any time I start a sentence with "Well..." My father cuts me off and says " 'Well' Now that's a deep subject"
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Whenever grandpa was questioned... I may not be right, but I am never wrong, except that one time. I thought I was wrong, but I was really right.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a hot potato and a flying pig. One's a heated yam, and the other is a yeeted ham.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Little insensitive there, dad. Me: Horrible what's going on in Ukraine, isn't it? Dad: Crimea river.
dadjokes	health-body	joke	general	0	While I was at the gym, I decided to hop on a treadmill. People started giving me weird looks, so I started jogging instead.
dadjokes	nature	observation	general	0	Apparently my dog thinks dinner time is just a big EDM concert He sits there, his pupils getting bigger and bigger, just waiting for the drop.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	My son wanted to see the orchestra But I said he couldn't because there was so much SAX AND VIOLINS
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	After 20 years of working on it, I finally finished my physics book. It was about time.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Whiteboards aren't just great.. They're remarkable
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you get when you cross a road with an umbrella? To the other side, nice and dry.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Me: Hey [friends name] What do you call a dictionary on drugs? My friend: If you say an addictionary, I'm gonna punch you in the face. Me: I was gonna say high definition, but yours even better!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A pun walks into a bar, ten people die on the spot. Pun in, ten dead.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	You'll never guess who I saw today Everybody I looked at
dadjokes	faith	joke	general	0	I accidentally drank some holy water with my laxative. I'm about to start a religious movement.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My friend has become addicted to brake fluid. He says he can stop whenever he wants
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a driver that's never been in an accident? Wreckless
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My teacher says I'm pretty good at addition but I'm terrible at subtraction. I don't get the difference.
dadjokes	food	quip	general	0	"Do you have a gluten free menu?" Yes, all of our menus are 100% gluten free.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My brother and I were carrying a couch downstairs... My dad while carrying a lamp: "Looks like I got the light load"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why isn't suntanning an Olympic sport? Cause you can only get bronze.
dadjokes	society	quip	general	0	Why aren't there any Independence Day knock knock jokes? Cuz freedom rings!! Happy Fourth of July guys!
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	On which side do chickens have the most feathers... The outside.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	An Ancient Greek walks into a tailor shop with a torn pair of pants. "Euripides?" Asks the tailor "Yeah. Eumenides?" Replies the man
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	You could say German cities with a lot of people are... krauted
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I've dedicated my whole life to finding a cure for insomnia. I won't rest until I find it.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My deaf wife just told me that "we need to talk." That was not a good sign.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I saw an onion ring So I answered it.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A headteacher at a school for obese children has just been sacked for cocaine use His large pupils gave it away
dadjokes	family	dark	general	0	Kids are like tattoos They seem permanent, but actually you can remove them with lasers.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I got my mother a new fridge for her birthday. I can't wait to see her face light up when she opens it
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Why is Apple's headquarters so hot? They refuse to install windows
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If a cop arrests a mentally insane person, they bust a nut. Edit: Thanks for the great response!
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	Sixteen sodium atoms walk into a bar. Batman.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	As a doctor, I'm addicted to hitting my patients on the knees to test their reflexes. I really get a kick out of it.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the kid with ADHD who entered the weight lifting contest? He won the hyper trophy.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I told my son I was named after Stephen Hawking Son: "But dad, your name is John." Me: "I know, but I was named AFTER Stephen Hawking."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why was the energizer bunny put in jail? He was charged with battery
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	I wrote this joke during a very dark time in my life. I have other things to do during the day.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A woman in labor suddenly shouted, "Shouldn't! Wouldn't! Couldn't! Didn't! Can't!" "Don't worry," said the doc. "Those are just contractions."
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My son asked me, "Dad, did you ever get shot in the army?" I replied, "No, but I was shot in the leggy."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	All the toilets in the police station have disappeared and they are asking for witnesses. They currently have nothing to go on.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call ketchup with 20-20 vision? Heinz-sight
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If pronouncing your b's like v's makes you sound Russian... Then *Soviet!*
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My coworker just went full dad. What's the chemical name for the stuff inside a fire hydrant? -H2O What's the chemical name for the stuff outside the hydrant? -K9P
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Hired a handy man and gave him a list. When I got home, only items #1, 3, &amp; 5 were done. Turns out, he only does odd jobs.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the one-eyed pirate say to his wife? I have no eye dear.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Cut my hand opening a bottle of sparkling wine... I guess every Rosé has its thorn!
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	We saw a group of turtles on the highway... Me: "I wonder where they are going." Him: "They're probably heading to the nearest Shell station."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	eBay is so useless... I tried to look up lighters and all they had was 13,749 matches.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What's the difference between a mosquito and a fly? A mosquito can fly but a fly can't mosquito. My 11 year old daughter told me this one this evening lol.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I call my kettle Jim Carey. Because he brews-all-my-tea.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My dad asked me which Super Bowl commercial I liked better, the Doritos one or the Mountain Dew one. I told him, "It's a tie, dad"
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What did the rising sun say to the morning dew? You will be mist.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A person was accused of burying someone in cement but there was no concrete evidence.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Got my wife the other day... Wife: Oh look, a moving sale, we should go see what they have. Me: I only hope we can catch it.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	What do we want? Low Flying airplane noises! When do we want them? Neeeeeeeooooooowww!!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	4 guys are sitting in a boat with 4 cigarettes but no matches. How do they light their cigs? They throw one cigarette off the boat and make it a cigarette lighter!
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	What do you say to your sister when she's crying? Are you having a crisis?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Today I yelled into a colander. I strained my voice.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between you and me, something smells.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you make a water bed more bouncy? By adding spring water!
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Our mailman got a sex change so we call him the postman now.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I saw a Korean martial artist holding out a basket of donuts. When I asked if I could take two, he said no. I said, "Can I at least Taekwondo?"
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	I heard this girl talking about how much she hates stalkers. I nearly fell out of my tree.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My son was saying how funny the Old Spice commercials are... I told him it was because of their scents of humor.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I told my dad that the Doctor may induce my wife into labour tomorrow My dad: Oh, so 9 months ago she was se-duced and now tomorrow she'll be in-duced.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I served eggs Benedict on a hubcap, because there's no plate like chrome for the hollandaise.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you say when your pea rolls away? It's an escape-pea!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Cannons Daughter playing Civ 5: They keep giving me cannons. Me: Make cannonade
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do bees mate with? Their honey
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife accused me of splitting hairs during an argument It's only because I don't use conditioner. She pushed me out of the bed.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I dig, you dig, he digs, she digs, they dig, we dig... It's not a long poem, but it's deep.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Make sure you get plenty of sleep tonight Tomorrow we begin a 31 day March!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	When I told my friend I had decided to shave all my hair, he looked me in tge eyes and said: "That's a bald move"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	[police chasing man on foot] Police: STOP RIGHT THERE! Man: *breathless* Oh God! I can't run anymore. Police: *grinning* sounds like you need... arrest.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My son asks "dad are these cow gay?" No , these are bison
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My vacuum cleaner wasn't working very well, so I tried to fix it. Now it sucks even more.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	You can never trust a Croissant to get things done. They're super flakey.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	EVERY TIME he goes to the gas station Dad: I'm going to fill the car up with gas AND put fuel in the tank!
dadjokes	society	quip	general	0	Communist jokes aren't funny Unless everyone gets it
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I waited through all of 2016 just to post this. This.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What's the lazy baker's favorite recipe? Loaf bread.
dadjokes	faith	joke	general	0	How do you make holy water? you boil the hell out of it
dadjokes	family	dark	general	0	My dad gave me condoms for my 18th birthday... He said "don't make the same mistake as me."
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I was fired from the keyboard factory today I wasn't putting in enough shifts
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌🦌 I just made a quick twenty bucks.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	My brother hit me with this after I questioned if he should be day drinking on a Wednesday. "Don't worry, boss said it was ok" He owns his own business.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm like the fabric version of King Midas Everything I touch becomes felt
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm deathly afraid of elevators... I take a lot of steps to avoid them.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What has 4 wheels and flies A garbage truck
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	A financial tip: Don't invest in skiing companies. The entire sport is going downhill fast.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My friend has been a limo driver for 25 years and hasn't had a single customer... All that time and nothing to chauffeur it...
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	I've been charged with murder for killing a man with sandpaper. To be honest I only intended to rough him up a bit.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	What's Forrest Gumps gmail password 1forrest1
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	I had an idea for a movie plot where a retired cia agent searches for his kidnapped daughter in paris. Turns out that idea was Taken
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I have a friend who was born on October 10th. Every year for his birthday I get him a 3 foot long pole. He hates it. It might be stupid, but 10/10 wood post again.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What was Bob the builder called when he retired Bob
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	What do you call a non-practicing Jew? Jew-ish
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	If you are ever at risk of hypothermia, DO NOT count anything in small quantities... or else you'll get a little number.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Hear about the Palestinian who married the Minnesota girl? Dad: They had a son today. Me: what's they name it? Dad: Yassar Yubetcha.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	"How would you like that cooked?" "On the grill!" Even though all his kids are adults kow, my dad still pulls out the old classics while we're out to the local burger joint.
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	What's Forrest Gumps favorite pasta? Penne
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	What do you call a soda researcher? A fizzisist!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a kleptomaniac and a literalist? The literalist takes things literally. The kleptomaniac takes things, literally.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Son: Dad, what's your favorite rock group? Dad: If I'm being subjective, I'd say The Who. But if I'm being objective, I'd say The Whom.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Me- Did you know milk makes you break out? Dad- Is that why they don't serve it in prison?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	No matter how kind you are ...German children are kinder.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	I'm bald and im going to get a head tattoo of multiple rabbits So from a distance it looks like hares
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Your mom had to get a tuberculosis test for work. I guess we'll finally have an answer to the age-old question . . . TB, or not TB?
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	What did the scientist say when his fridge got down to -459 F? That's 0K.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	After seeing my girlfriend in the shoe department... "So, this is where you do your sole searching."
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	An aspiring thief enters the theatre... ...and steals the spotlight.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Will glass coffins become more popular? Remains to be seen.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Pun enters a room, kills 10 people. Pun in, ten dead.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I hired some gay men to frame my new home... They did a terrible job, wasn't a straight stud there
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	So my friend was complaining about some stuff and then later in the conversation he comments that he likes radishes. My response: Well, I guess we found the root of all of your problems.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I hired a carpenter, but she'll only work on the walls, ceiling joists, doorframes, and windows. Apparently floors are beneath her.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What does a condiment wizard perform? Saucery
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why are mountains funny? Because they're hill areas
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My kids keep telling me to stop pretending to be butter... But I'm on a roll now...
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	I don't understand why my credit is so bad I get letters from all of my creditors each month telling me my balance is outstanding.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What's the fastest liquid on Earth? Milk. It's pasteurized before you see it.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Give a man a plane ticket, he'll fly for a day. Push a man out of a plane, he'll fly for the rest of his life
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why are gay people bad at lying? They can never make a straight face.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My dad tried to pay for something by singing Ring of Fire but they didn't accept Cash
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you find Will Smith during a snow storm? Look for the Fresh Prints
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call an illegally parked frog? Towed.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	My teenage daughter saw me reading Dune She said "You keep telling me to read this book. How about it?" I said "It's a good book, though a bit arid."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Old Macdonald's son decided to join the army instead of farming. He is now E.I. G.I.Joe
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a cancer doctor who works 24/7? An on-call ogist
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My friend told another friend that Pamela Anderson and Kid Rock were no longer together... I responded: "yeah that was a while ago, he's Adult Rock now"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	"Never buy flowers from a monk", Smokey the Bear said. Only you can prevent florist friars.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Dr. Henry Heimlich dies at age 96 Sorry, I'm getting a little choked up over here
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I keep getting told I'm a terrible mailman.. Oops I've posted this in the wrong place
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	what did batman say to robin before they got in the batmobile? "robin, get in the batmobile"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	When does a joke become a dad joke? When the joke becomes apparent.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A lamb, a drum and a snake fell off a cliff Baa, dum, sss
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I found a good bread recipe where I don't have to get my hands messy from mixing it. It is kneadless, to say.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Ever had sex while camping? It's in tents.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	2 years ago, the doctor told me I was losing my hearing. Haven't heard from him since then.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Mom was about to make dinner when Dad saw her get the eggs out of the refrigerator. "What are you making?" "Chicken." "That's gonna take a while, isn't it?"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A cop pulled me over and asked me, "Where were you at 5-6?" I replied Kindergarten
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What sound does a 747 make when it bounces? Boeing-boeing-boeing
dadjokes	arts	observation	general	0	The guy from the "Take On Me" music video I don't know what's about him, but he seems a bit sketchy
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why can't a nose be 12 inches? Because then it would be a foot
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	My obese parrot died It was a weight off my shoulder
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Some say the post office is a very mail dominated workplace... ..But if a woman wants to work there i say letter.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	I was going to tell you a joke about Social Security But you probably won't get it.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A Covid test nurse asked me if I've had a sudden loss of taste. I told her, "No, I've dressed like this for quite a while."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	For the past year, I've been going out drinking alternating between my friend Greg one week and my other friend Ian the next week. I'm on a Greg-or-Ian calendar.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I used to have a pet Newt when I was little... I used to have a pet Newt when I was little, his name was Tiny. Do you know why his name was Tiny? Because he was minute.
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	My 15 year old sent a text asking me to pick him up from school and added "not in your pyjamas". So I'm wearing his, because good dads listen.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Me: "I need a doctor's appointment." Receptionist : "How about 10 tomorrow?" Me: "No thanks. I don't need that many."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What rock group has four men who don't sing? Mount Rushmore.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the hipster wear flannel in the summer? He wore flannel before it was cool.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I like to crouch down, hug my knees and lean forward. That's just how I roll.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I've never liked speed bumps much. But I'm getting over it slowly.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	My girlfriend gets mad whenever I mess with her red wine. So I added some fruit and lemonade to it and now she sangria than ever.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I haven't figured out how my telescope works yet But I'm going to look into it.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Every night I tell my wife I'm going out for a jog, but I don't go, and she knows it It's a running joke.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My Dad last night Mom: "Spider! There's a spider up here!" Dad: "No thanks. I already ate."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I Broke My Finger Last Week... On the other hand, I'm okay.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Is it acceptable for a non-dad to post a joke here? Or would that be a faux pa?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I found some spring water I bought 3 months ago. I guess it's summer water now.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call someone who likes anime and eats one type of cereal? An oataku.
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	What's the difference between Dubai and Abu Dhabi? People in Dubai don't like the Flintstones, but people in Abu Dhabi doooooo!
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I just want to give a shout out to sidewalks For keeping me off the streets
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I made my son take off his dragon slayer costume this morning. It wasn't knight time yet.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I got mugged last night by six of the Seven Dwarfs. Not Happy.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	Shucking Peas with my Dad 10 Seconds Ago One pea falls out of the pod onto the ground...... Dad: "Oh look! an escapee!" Mom and I groan....
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is it called when a chameleon cannot change its color? A reptile dysfunction
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My girlfriend made me proud with this one. We were in a store called poundland, and I dropped some change at the till... She asked "Where did your pound land?"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How did cavemen meet cavewomen? They went out clubbing.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I think my wife is ready to be a dad. Doc: "Yup you are definitely pregnant" Wife: "You got to be kid-in-me" and after the doc (sighs and) leaves, whispers to me.. "Totally birth it"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A pun walks into a bar, and ten people drop dead. Pun in, ten dead.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	I was captured by ISIS after Iran away Now all I'm China do is to survive
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why was Han Solo crying at the dinner table? Because the meat was Chewie.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	"Son, you're just not cut out to be a mime." He replied, "Is it something I said?" "Yes."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was going to make a joke about drummers but, um, tsss!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One's really heavy, the other's a little lighter.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why can't two elephants swim at the same time? They only have one pair of trunks.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the Italian chef? Sadly he pasta way
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A sheep, a drum, and a snake fell off a cliff. Baa-Dum-Tss.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Working out is like a drug to me. I don't do drugs.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How long does a dad joke last? A paternity. (I am very, very proud of this one. I came up with it myself!)
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	What's the hardest part about being addicted to banking? The withdrawals.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the most commonly misspelled blood group? Type O.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I can cut wood just by staring at it It's true, I saw it with my own eyes
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	It wasn't much fun when I broke my neck last year. But now I can look back and laugh.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What the definition of a will? It's a dead giveaway...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I heard a friend spreading nasty rumours about me, so I went over furious and said... "You discussed me!"
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	The girlfriend told me to tell her what day it was. 10/4
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	I'll do algebra, tackle geometry, maybe even a little calculus... But graphing is where I draw the line.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I sure hope Elon Musk doesn't get into a scandal. Yeah. Elongate could stretch out forever.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	An alcoholic wakes up in jail and asks the nearest officer why he's there "For excessive drinking" the officer replies So the prisoner replies "Great, when do we start?"
dadjokes	food	quip	general	0	The first French fries weren't cooked in France. They were cooked in Greece.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My idiot hipster friend started wearing two monocles out in public. I said, "You are making a spectacle of yourself."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I just discovered white boards today And they are remarkable!!
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	What do you call a helpful sister? assister.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why don't you ever see hippos hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	If you think swimming with dolphins is expensive, you should try swimming with sharks It cost me an arm and a leg!
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	When telling dad jokes/puns, do you prefer your victims to laugh or groan? I personally prefer horrible puns that make the listener regret being born with ears. But thats just me.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	Remember not to kiss after midnight, folks. It's not proper to kiss on a first date.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad trusted no one. He even had a favourite saying about it. But he wouldn't tell me.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	Why is there a L in Noel if it is Noel? *sorry if it's been posted before
dadjokes	health-body	pun	general	0	If a pregnant woman goes swimming Does that make her a human submarine?
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My son turned 21 today and as we were about to share our first drink together, I wisely advised him, "Remember, vodka may not be the answer..." "...but it's worth a shot."
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Hipsters love Raiders of the Lost Ark... ...probably because it was the first Indie film.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Flat earthers have been quiet recently. They kind of fell off.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Watching bears fish for salmon in Alaska live on YouTube when my GF asks what I'm watching. "A live stream."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I just saw a woman with twelve breasts. Hehehe, sounds funny, Dozen tit?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A Jamaican man has stormed into my hairdressers and demanded I give him a new style I'm dreading it
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Ordering pizza online Dad: So what'd it come to? Sister: the door.
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	Why did the Star Wars movies come out in the order: 456123? In charge of the sequence. Yoda was.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I called my wife and asked her if I should pick up Fish and chips on the way home from work and she hung up..... She's still angry she let me name the kids
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I woke up this morning and found that someone dumped a bunch of legos on my front door step. I don't know what to make of it.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	My artistic friend paints the most realistic fish, and I asked him what his secret was. He said, "It must be drawn to scale."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's more impressive than a talking dog? a spelling bee
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Just saw the first sign of spring on a tree What a releaf
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do skeletons get high? They use marrow-juana
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do dentists call their X-rays? Toothpics. ...I'll show myself out
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I took the shell off of my racing snail, thinking it would make him faster. But if anything, it made him more sluggish.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	The 3 unwritten rules of life... 1. 2. 3.
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	I asked my North Korean friend how life is in North Korea "I can't complain" He said.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I accidentally sent my friend flowers over the internet... Whoops, E-Daisies!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I have a phobia of German Sausages.. I fear the wurst.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My son just threw a milk carton at me How dairy
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I asked my North Korean friend how it was going over there. He says he can't complain.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a replacement fart? A substi-toot
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I can't remember how to write 51, 6, and 500 in Roman Numerals. And I am LIVID!
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What did the Italian say after the hailstorm? "My car! Itsa Al Dente!" This failed miserably in r/jokes so it should be a raging success here.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I've just been looking at our ceiling, kids, and while I wouldn't say it's the best in the world... It's definitely up there...
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I really enjoy my job as a claymation model designer I make six figures a year
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	With trembling hands, my doctor looked up from my x-ray and stammered, "This is exactly what I was afraid of." Gripping my chest, I rasped, "What?" Eyes wide, he whispered, "Skeletons!"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call bears that don't have ears? b
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	My calculator is missing the minus button. But on the plus side, ...it still works.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How did the hay get out of jail? It made bale.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	If you have no interest in banking You are not a loan.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	At the end of a phone call. Dad -"Hey you need to go invest in all the balloons that you can." Their price is going up due to inflation.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	I once asked my dad if I'd make a good father. He said, if you have a child you'll make a grand father.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My brother, ladies and gentlemen Me (after discovering that no one told me we had cookies): 'I feel I've been lied to by omission.' My brother: 'Who's Omission?'
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	When does a doctor become frustrated? When they run out of patients
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I never trust people with graph paper It always seems like they're plotting something
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did Tennessee? The same thing Arkansas!
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	What do you call George Washington's false teeth? Presidentures
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was wondering why the sun hadn't come up yet Then it dawned on me.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	After hearing me sing for the first time, my music teacher told me I should be tenor. Tenor twelve feet away from her and all musical instruments at all times.
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	I tried to join a secret religious society, but the requirements were very strict. It was called Diffi cult.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	People make such a big deal about vegans, but I don't get it. I have never had a beef with one.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Will glass coffins be a sucess? Remains to be seen.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	So, the local brewery just hired a one-legged guy He's in charge of the hops.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Where do spaghetti and sauce go to dance? The meat ball
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the Spanish speaking magician say right before he performed his vanaishing trick? "Uno, dos..." And then POOF! He disappeared. Without a tres.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	My wife is on a tropical fruit diet and our fridge is full of strange stuff. It's enough to make a mango crazy.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	My dog Minton keeps eating my shuttlecocks. Bad Minton.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I wasn't sure how to use my computer mouse But then it clicked
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Told my girlfriend I needed a new butt... Cause mine has a crack in it! ... Eyes were rolled.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Got my girlfriend with this one. 1
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Is there a politically correct way to shop for a CD player for my car? I don't want to judge based on stereo types.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I am convinced that my wife is secretly adding glue to my weapons collection. She keeps denying it, but I'm sticking to my guns.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was diagnosed with an advanced case of ADHD. AD4K
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What award did Gaston of Beauty and The Beast won? The No Belle prize
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel for a hat. The bartender asks, "What's with the paper towel?" The pirate replies, "Arr, I got a Bounty on me head!"
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	Where did Noah store the bees? The Ark Hives.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Have you ever tried blindfolded archery? You don't know what you're missing
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you need to do when you're addicted to sea weed? Sea kelp
dadjokes	love	observation	general	0	When I was a single man, I had lots of free time. Then I started listening to whole albums, and I don't have time for my other hobbies.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear they arrested a T-Rex after he was hired on at the casino? He turned out to be a small arms dealer.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What kind of car does Mickey Mouse drive? A Minnie Van
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did 50 Cent say to his grandma when he saw her making socks for him? G, you knit!?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What becomes shorter when you add 2 letters? Short
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Me: I'm terrified of random letters. Therapist: you are? Me: [Screams] Therapist: I see
dadjokes	tech	quip	general	0	If Elon Musk's car accidentally lands on the Sun... Will he be able to call Onstar?
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	tiforp a. I just turned a profit.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My husband just nearly made me drop my sandwich with laughter Him: Did you hear about the famous scientist who was also a father and a cannibal? Me: *confused stare* Him: Thomas Ate-his-son.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What was the name of the Egyptian that was buried with chocolate and nuts? Pharaoh Rocher
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	I like my women like I like my golf scores In their 80s with a slight handicap
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	So the other night I made a belt out of watches... But it turned out to be a waist of time
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	got my wife today it was a great wedding
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Pancake day really crepe'd up on me this year. I hope this joke doesn't fall flat.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	How many coders does it take to change a light bulb? None, that's a hardware problem.
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	Without a doubt my favorite Robin Williams movie is... Mrs. Fire!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the Mexican take some Xanax? For Hispanic attacks.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Dad Jokes are the best. Now I will say why. Why.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	Why do hospitals have emergency generators? It seems to me they have enough emergencies there to begin with.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	An escaped prisoner was captured down at the docks. They were harboring a fugitive.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Some friends were having a 92nd birthday party for their grandma I said that's awesome, but you can't really have much of a party in a minute and a half.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	My parents and I passed a used tires shop with a huge pile out front I said "Wow, he's sure set for retirement"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What does Keanu Reeves use to dry his tears when Keanu Grieves? Keanu Sleeves
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I would like to thank my arms for always being by my side. I would like to thank my legs for always supporting me. And I would like to thank my fingers because I can always count on them.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I got a new sweater that kept picking up static electricity. So I took it back and exchanged it for another-free of charge.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If Crayola gets rid of a colour... Is it a pigment of our imagination?
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I just did this to my friend and i think it belongs here I called her up and asked her how to pronounce 'B-U-Y'. She said buy? I said ok bye and hung up.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	a soldier once survived pepper spray and mustard gas he was a seasoned veteran
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	How do you tuna fish? You raise or lower the scales.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Sitting in the hospital, getting ready for bed with the wife and our newborn son. Wife: Can you flip off the lights? Me: *proceed to look up and show the ceiling my middle finger* Wife: ...
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Met a dad at work today I'm a cashier. I was ringing up an old man's groceries, and he told me that sugar makes the arthritis in his hands worse. Except his left hand, then it's his arthleftis.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What does a clock do when it's hungry? It goes back 4 seconds
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a psychic midget who has escaped from prison? A small medium at large I'm sorry
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Being a waiter is hard. The hours are long, the pay is low. But at least it puts food on the table.
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	I pointed a tape gun at coworker as he passed by and shouted "Beep beep, you're speeding, sir. Gotta get you a ticket" Coworker: "Nah, how you gonna prove it?" Me: "Easy, I have it here on tape!"
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I had a racing snail... To make him more aero-dynamic I took off its shell. If anything it made him more sluggish
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why can't your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it will be a foot.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call an unshaven British Spy? Stubble-07
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call ten rabbits walking backwards together? Receding hare line
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	where is the bathroom for I.T people located? At the I Pee Address
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why should you never fight a dinosaur? You'll get jurasskicked
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My wife didn't think I'd give our daughter a silly name. But I called her Bluff.
dadjokes	society	quip	general	0	Nobody believes that I can name the Canadian Prime Minister. It's Trudeau.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My grandfather told me this before he kicked the bucket. "Check out how far I can kick this bucket."
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My son turned 18 today so I bought him a locket and put his picture in it... I guess you could say I wanted him to be independent!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the teacher with googley eyes say. I've got no control of my pupils.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is the difference between a Hippo and a Zippo? A hippo is really heavy and a Zippo is a little lighter.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the man say after digging three holes? "Well, well, well..." My dads favorite joke. Hopefully it hasn't been done before. Xpost from r/jokes
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	When does a joke become a dad joke? When the punchline is apparent.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	An inventor shows his friend the first knife ever... His friend says, "Wow! That's the best thing since bread." The inventor says, "Well, I'm about to blow your mind."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear? One attendee dumped a pot of Earl Grey over another attendee's head at the apiarists' convention. Truly, brewed tea was in the eye of the bee-holder.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My spanish friend wanted to rob a train. He had locomotives.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	What will happen to the Supreme Court once Justice Bader Ginsburg dies? It will become Ruthless.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Told my girlfriend about lunch Me: My food went down the wrong hole. I guess you could say my lunch was breathtaking. Her: -_-
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why are fat penguins so popular at parties? They know how to break the ice
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Last week at the zoo, I saw a baguette in a cage. It made me sad, because I knew it was bread in captivity.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	My dog named Minton just ate a shuttlecock. Bad Minton.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My 9 year old is at it again... Did you hear about the pants that just came back from the gym? They were ripped.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	You know, I didn't kiss my wife until I was married... because she wasn't my wife until we were married. One of my dad's favorites.
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	I know this awesome guy who created a perfect joke everyone still laughs at after 34 years. Thanks for everything, dad.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My daughter asked me, "Daddy why do I have to go to bed?" I replied, "Because the bed wont come to you!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a disabled duck? Handiquacked
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why didn't the shark want to fight the octopus? Because he knew the octopus was well-armed.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Fake hair isn't free You have toupee
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do billboards communicate? Sign language
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Oceans are the friendliest bodies of water. They always greet you with a wave.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why couldn't the toilet paper cross the road Because it got stuck in a crack
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What did the painter do when it got cold... He put on another coat
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My grandfather's last words were, "Gallons. Quarts. Litres." That spoke volumes.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I don't think I can trust my pillow. It's always lying behind my back.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call an elf that doesn't sing? A wrapper.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why is Cinderella bad at soccer? She always runs away from the ball
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Today I actually saw a dwarf prisoner climbing down a wall I thought to myself, "now that's a little condescending"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My friends keep telling me I'm frugal. I'm not buying it.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I farted in Burger King It was an absolute whopper
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Someone accidentally mailed me 10 lbs of pot yesterday. So I did the right thing and called the cops. They just came by and picked up all 4 pounds.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why are pediatricians always so angry? They have very little patients
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	How do flat-earthers travel the world? On a plane!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Soccer joke from my 10y: what's the difference between Germany and a tea bag? A tea bag spends more time in the cup.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Courtesy of my daughter ..... D:Why did the girl fall off the swing? Me: I don't know D: She had no arms!! Short pause...... D:Knock, knock Me:Who's there? D:NOT THE GIRL!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	LPT: If you are trying to stay in a hotel that's completely booked, just tell the receptionist that your name is "improvement". Because there's always room for improvement.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do vegans and vampires have in common? They both hate stakes
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My 7yr old got me: If the pilgrims were still alive today, what would they be famous for? Being like 400 years old.
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	You know where the Torah mentions baseball? In the big inning... Thanks dad!
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My mom dadjoked me... Me: I hit my head and my ear started ringing Mom: Did you answer it?
dadjokes	society	quip	general	0	The secret service aren't allowed to yell "GET DOWN" anymore if the president is about to be attacked. Instead they say, "DONALD, Duck!"
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	A friend of mine has just got a job as a director at Macdonalds farm. He's been made the CIEIO
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	I'm excited to take my wife to this new musical about puns It's basically a play on words
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I'm a Historian. When People Ask Me if My Work Keeps Me Busy, I Always Have to Tell Them: I've got a lot of time on my hands.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Did you hear the Trump administration is thinking about making it illegal to sell pre-shredded cheese? Apparently they want to make America grate again.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	In college, I double-majored in accounting and dentistry... Now I can crunch numbers AND numb crunchers.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	I was writing a text, and Autocorrect changed "killed" to "kilt". Well plaid, phone. Well plaid.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I stepped on a grape today It let out a little wine
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Girlfriend's dad while we're listening to music We're listening to music on Pandora and Mozart comes on. Her dad: "Do you know what Mozart is doing now?" We shrug. Her dad: "Decomposing."
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What is Beethoven doing now? Decomposing..
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I made a pencil with 2 erasers today It was pointless
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	What do you call an ugly dinosaur? An eyesaur
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Me: Honey, I'm terrified of vowels. Wife: Ummm, why? Me: Only sometimes.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was scheduled to teach a course in Origami, but then decided to give up. Too much paperwork.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Did you know that all ants are actually female? If they were male they would be uncles
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	There is a mysterious crime spree going on at our local IKEA. The cops are having a hard time putting the pieces together.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I asked my wife if I'm the only one she's been with. She said, "Yes, the other ones were at least sevens of eights".
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Two wind turbines sit in the ocean, one turns to the other and says "What music do you listen to?" The turbine says "I'm a massive heavy metal fan"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	When does a joke become a dad joke? When the punchline becomes aparent.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Dad, what's a forklift? "Food, usually," I replied.
dadjokes	faith	joke	general	0	Where do you learn to make ice cream? Sunday school.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	A man entered his home and discovered that someone had stolen every single lamp present in the house. He was absolutely delighted.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	what kind of fruit can't get married A cantaloupe
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the people who exhumed the wrong body? They made a grave mistake.
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	Dr: "Sir, I'm afraid your DNA is backwards" Me: "AND?"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I've never particularly liked those Russian nesting dolls... They're so full of themselves!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A seal is just a neutral sea lion. Neutral, as in without the ion. Thanks in advance
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Not everyone looks good with a wig But I think you could really pull it off.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My dad just got back from a business trip to Alaska ... I asked him how the trip was. He said, "Oh, Juneau."
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	I had a dog who couldn't poop. So I named him Vegas. Because what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Grammar nerd dad joke. Me: January is almost done. Then it will be February. My girl: Yeah! Then I can finally be eight. Me: Yes, but the correct form of the verb would be "eaten."
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Harry Potter and a Dadjoke Boyfriend: "When you come over this weekend, bring Harry Potter and a bathing suit." Me: "I don't think I've read that one."
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	To the man in the wheelchair who stole my camouflage jacket You can hide but you can't run
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Yesterday I called the suicide hotline, and they didn't pick up Way to leave me hanging guys
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Justice is a dish best served cold If it were served warm it would be JustWater
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	Friend 1: "Yo where's your mom?" Friend 2: "I don't have one, my parents are gay" Friend 1: "Aw thats too dad"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I don't like to wear my seatbelt in the car but after a lot of pressure from my family... I buckled.
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	My Dad is a mathematician and exclusively has cake for dessert... ...because having Pi would be too irrational.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why did the guitarist get sent to prison? He fingered A minor
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My father-in-law wanted a picture with his new Christmas coffee cup. "Here, take my mug shot."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My doctor friend is addicted to hitting his patients on their knees to test their reflexes. He really gets a kick out of it.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How do you find Will Smith after a blizzard? Follow the Fresh Prints.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why can't pirates finish the alphabet? Because they're stuck at C. I'm a proud dad, my daughter told me that.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	Not a joke but here's some sage advice my dad gave me on women. If a woman is beautiful, tell her she's smart. If a woman is smart tell her she's beautiful. If she's neither tell her she lost weight.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My white noise machine broke tonight, so I called the manufacturer... They gave me pretty sound advice.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If a child refuses to go to sleep Is he resisting a rest? No, he's avoiding a kid napping.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	If you have 17 apples in one hand and 14 apples in the other hand, what do you have? Really big hands.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the scarf say to the hat? You go on ahead; I'm gonna hang around.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants? One's a crusty bus station, and the other's a busty crustacean.
dadjokes	science	observation	general	0	Guys... Global warming is real It is winter and we have had the hottest day of the year already!
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I'm always the last one eating at the Chinese buffet Rice guys finish last.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did Cinderella say once she got to the Ball? *Insert gagging noises*
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Just got a job taking care of horses. It's stable work.
dadjokes	society	quip	general	0	What classic rock band do only white people like? The Police.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	Why didn't I have a New Years kiss? I don't kiss on the first date.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What word becomes shorter when you add two letters to it? Short.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Therapist: Your wife has complained that you never buy her flowers, what do you say to that? To be honest I had no idea my wife sold flowers.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Her:I don't even know what the cloning machine does Me:Well that makes two of us
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	They were raised well [wedding] Priest: repeat after me Groom: after me P: ... [to bride] is he serious Bride: no his name is gary
dadjokes	faith	quip	general	0	Today would be a good day to make investments Historically, on this day, prophets have risen!
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	My Girlfriend's Dad Said This While Shingling The Roof "This roof is poison. One drop will kill me!"
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Why was Luke Skywalker unlucky with love? He was looking in Alderaan places.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My twin sister always takes the stairs, but I prefer taking the elevator. I guess.... we are raised differently.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm having trouble organizing a Hide and Seek League. Good players are hard to find.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I put adderall into my Ford Fiesta Now it's a Ford Focus
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	We were talking about our cars "Where'd you get your Focus?" "Years of schooling."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How does the man on the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Your dad's gay. Which one?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why is the Army so strict on uniforms? To minimise casual tees
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Just applied for a job in my local mirror shop. Don't know what it is but I can totally see myself working there.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns dont work!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call Elvis sitting on a chair? Pelvis Restly!
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	How to tell if music counts as heavy metal: Look and see if they have a lead guitar.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Who are the happiest people? Nomads
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm reading a book called "The History of Lubricants". It's non-friction.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Someone called me average today. That's mean.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I just bought a case of dynamite. It was an offer I couldn't re-fuse. Update: Wow, I really didn't expect this to blow up
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Easily my dad's favorite joke. What is the last thing each "Tickle Me Elmo" doll gets before leaving the factory? Two Test Tickles!
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why couldn't the chameleon change colour? ... because it had a reptile dysfunction.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Friends Dad dropped this one Friend: I've been offered a free trial of contact lenses. Dad: I prefer glasses. Contact lenses can't hold as much beer.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why were the two prisoners good at grammar? Because they were always thinking about their sentences.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Personally, I don't believe in bros before hoes, or even hoes before bros. There needs to be a balance. A homie-hoe-stasis, if you will.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My girlfriend really changed after she became a vegan. It's like I've never seen herbivore.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I pulled my wife's panties to the side... So I could fit the rest of her socks in the drawer.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A woman got hit in the head by a can of soda Thank goodness it was a soft drink
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is Pac Man's favorite piece of cookware? A wok a wok a wok a wok a wok a wok a wok
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Bobby was introduced to Terry and said "Terry is a girl's name!" Terry then proceeded to stab Bobby in the chest. Bobby died of dissin' Terry.
dadjokes	society	observation	general	0	You may not believe that blackface happened in Canadian Politics... It's Trudeau.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Which President is the least guilty? Lincoln. He's in a cent
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Got my mom in Home Depot yesterday... "Wow, this gigantic bag of potting soil is only $3!" "Yeah, it is dirt cheap."
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	We all know the show was called Spongebob Squarepants But the star was Patrick
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What Donald Ducks drug of choice? Quack cocain
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Which days of the week are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are all weekdays.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you think the unthinkable? With an itheberg
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My wife told me that I have a dad bod I disagree. I clearly have a father figure
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	TIL my grandpa sold fake fertilizer to farmers in the 50's He always used to say he was in the shampoo business.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	"This is your captain speaking" "AND THIS IS YOUR CAPTAIN SHOUTING."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why can't Kylie Jenner see her dad? Because he's transparent
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Dadjoked my car today. It told me one of the doors was ajar. And I was like "No, I'm pretty sure that's a door."
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I dated a girl with a lazy eye once Turns out she was seeing someone on the side
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the guy who lost his left arm and left leg in an accident? He's all right now
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	What do I know about dwarves? Very little.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	My wife asked if I felt like vietnamese for dinner Pho sure
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	All my friends claim that I'm the cheapest person they have ever met. I'm not buying it.
dadjokes	tech	dark	general	0	I made a website for orphans It doesn't have a home page
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	"Doctor, I can't feel my legs..." Doctor: "I know. We amputated your arms."
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	The Royal Norwegian Navy decided to put bar codes on all of their ships. Now they can Scandinavian.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Wife: Why are teapots so expensive? Me: BECAUSE THEY MAKE YOU POUR!!!!
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	How do gamers like to shower? with Steam
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	My vegetarian daughter said that butchers are gross... But I told her that people who sell fruit and vegetables are grocer
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Did you hear about the man who was shot by a starting gun? They believe it was race related.
dadjokes	family	observation	general	0	Every time my dad reverses the car... "Ahhh....this takes me back..." Every. time.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the Latino boy whose father works happily on a military vessel? He has a feliz navy dad.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Which American president is least guilty.. Lincoln - He's in a cent
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	My son was doing his homework, when he asked me, "Dad, what's the chemical formula for water?" I said, "HIJKLMNO." He asked, "What're you talking about?!" I responded, "Well, it's H to O!"
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	California has the highest number of men who feel depressed because of their wives cheating on them It's a sad state of affairs
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Got a pen from Starbucks but it only writes in Javascript
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	So my mom was mailing out a $150 cheque for a wedding gift... Mom: "This cheque is too big to fit in the envelope" Dad: "Why don't you just make it out for $100 then?"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call a line of blonde people? A barbie queue
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the French chef who committed suicide? Apparently he'd just completely lost the huile d'olive.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My neighbor is obsessed with navy destroyers He warships them
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	When I was at the pool yesterday, I began peeing in the deep end The lifeguard blew his whistle so hard I almost fell in
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	My wife asked me whether I want to watch Dr. Strange on Netflix. I told her no. I had Stranger Things to watch.
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My dad the chemist Text message transcript follows Me: Running a little late, I'll be there in 10 minutes. Dad: potassium
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	Got my boyfriend the other day I asked him if we could make plans on his day off. He said it depends on the catch up he has. I asked him, what if it's heinz?
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My dad's friend is a cop... The cop told my dad to take a nap, my dad said "No" and the cop told him that he was "resisting a rest".
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why wasn't Barbie ever able to get pregnant? Ken always came in another box
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Went to a zoo that only had one animal in it, and it was a dog. It was a pretty Shih Tzu
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Everyone is so surprised after getting hit by a calculator... ... I guess they weren't counting on it
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What would the world be like without left-handed people? Eh, it would be all right.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Quick reference for Star Wars: Chewie is short for Chewbacca, Ben Kenobi is short for Obi-Wan Kenobi... ...and Luke Skywalker is short for a storm trooper
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do Spanish people call musical chairs? Desperate-seato
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why can't you trust a train? Because it has loco motives
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	They're building a mirror factory in my town. I could definitely see myself working there.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A dad joke is a dad joke. Unless it's corny. Then it's popcorn.
dadjokes	work-money	quip	general	0	My office space is a cubicle, president of the United States has an oval. Someone has been cutting corners.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I just got back from a Transformers convention And boy are my arms tires.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's a mathematician's favourite sitcom? Sinefeld
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What Do You Call A Cheap Circumcision? A Rip-Off
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My friend is trying to convince me to invest in his sword making business. He makes some very good points.
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	After letting out a trumpet of a fart my toddler stopped, gasped and said, "did you just hear that elephant?" She's going too be a great dad someday.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I think my wife wants me to cover myself in oil. I vaguely overheard her going on and on about how I never glisten.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the scarecrow that got promoted? He was outstanding in his field.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My wife hated my impulse purchase of a new revolving chair. But then she sat on it. Eventually she came around.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	I'm not addicted to cocaine. I just like the way it smells.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high She seemed surprised
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	Finding your lost luggage at the airport should be easy. However, sadly that's not the case.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I am really embarrassed that I forgot to bring sunscreen to the beach. Boy, is my face red!
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	Socialist jokes are not funny, Unless everybody gets them.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	How many Dads does it take to change a light bulb? None, that's what kids are for
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	"Hey, did you hear about Apple's next iPhone?" "Yeah, isn't it going to be the 6S?" "Yup! Apple is hoping that it will be a huge.... 6S." :D
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	I want a brain transplant Change my mind
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	If a woman with big breasts works at Hooters, where does someone with one leg work? IHOP
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	Jeff, a semicolon, and an Oxford Comma goes to a bar... Both of them had a great time.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why don't pencils win races? Because they're stationary.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Me: Having trouble making your mind up? Dad: Well, yes and no.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Which side of the chicken has more feathers? The outside.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	I hate it when my wife says "Are you listening to me?!" Such a random way to start a conversation.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	For his birthday, I bought my friend a "I am A Nudist" t-shirt. I haven't seen him wear it yet.
dadjokes	work-money	dark	general	0	My prosthetic limbs business has taken off and we made our first shipment abroad. I am now an international arms dealer.
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	One of my dad's favorite facts... Did you know there are people dying today who have never died before?
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Who is CRISPR's favorite actor? Gene Hackman
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I'm so hungry I could eat my watch. But that would be time consuming.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	Sex is like a card game if you don't have a good partner, you better have a good hand
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I bet my butcher he couldn't reach the meat on the top shelf. He said he wasn't going to bet with me. He told me the steaks were too high.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Which kind of fish is made of only two sodium atoms? 2Na
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why does Waldo from the Where's Waldo books wear stripes? Cause he doesn't wanna be spotted
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I'm never passive aggressive unlike *some* people
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I've finally stopped drinking for good. Now, I only drink for evil.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did Snow White say while waiting for her photos to develop at Walgreens? Some day, my prints will come...
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	Why were they native Americans in America first? Because they had reservations....
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	"Daaad, can we please go now? I'm thirsty!" "***HI THIRSTY, I'M FRIDAY, COME ON OVER SATURDAY AND WE'LL HAVE A SUNDAE!!***" Come on dad I didn't even get that one until I was like 14.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	Wife yells from kitchen: Babe, we're almost out of trash bags... I yelled back: Well why do you keep throwing them away? I got a very stern look.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My son got good grades in all his classes except Greek Mythology That's always been his Achilles Elbow
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I recently opened a restaurant. I guess you could call me an Entrée-preneur
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	We were about to witness our first autopsy in medical school. My friend said, "What do you think it'll be like?" I said, "Remains to be seen."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Don't know if this is a scam but I just received a text saying I'd won $250 cash or 2 tickets to an Elvis tribute night. It says press 1 for the money or 2 for the show.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My friend said "My patience is running paper thin right now" I said thats tearable
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	A sitcom about Jesus... Wouldn't make it past the Pilate episode!
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Just asked siri "Surely, it won't rain today?" She replied "It certainly will, and don't call me Shirley." Forgot i was on airplane mode.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	TIL, Plato never had sex... all his relationships were platonic.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	From my 8 year old: Dad, how do camels hide from predators? Me: Their fur is the same color as the desert so they blend in. Her: Exactly! They camel-flage! I walked right into that one lol
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why was the broom late for work? Because he over swept.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What woodworking tools does Snoop Dogg own? Four chisels.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Never trust a fisherman They're always angling for something
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Gravity is one of the most essential forces in the universe. What do you get when you remove it? Gravy.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	As I suspected someone's been adding soil to my garden The plot thickens
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Why aren't unemployment jokes funny? They just don't work?
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A man is pulled over and is asked if he has a police record. The man replies, "No, but I've got a sting album."
dadjokes	society	quip	general	0	The Germans have a word for everything. "Alles."
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Did you know the first computer dates back to Adam and Eve? It was an Apple with limited memory, just one byte. And then everything crashed.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	We should've known communism would fail... There were alot of red flags
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I looked across the museum hall and spotted my ex girlfriend but I was too self conscious to say hello. There was just too much history between us.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the blind man fall in a well? Because he couldn't see that well
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Every time we go past a railroad crossing, I always tell my kids, "Hey, a train just went by!" They grudgingly ask, "How do you know daddy?" "Because its tracks are still here!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A father in Iraq gave his daughter a new bag... She said, "Thanks for the Baghdad."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I've decided to give my collection of used batteries away... Free of charge.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why don't ants ever get sick? 'cause they have little anty bodies
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	My friends claim I'm the cheapest person they ever met I'm not buying it
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	So I was asking my brother how come he only uses his superpowers on my daughters He said it's because he only has telekinesis not telekinephews
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife said I should stop acting like a flamingo I had to put my foot down
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Some people think that boomboxes are really old school. I think it's just a stereotype.
dadjokes	work-money	observation	general	0	At work and one of my coworkers says she doesn't feel well... My boss then puts his hands on his desk and says "I feel fine. This feels like a desk." Things like this happen all the time with him.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	Dad, why did mum marry you? Well son it's because im a shoemaker... Son:yeah, and? Well, obviously I was her solemate.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	my girlfriend left me because I'm insecure nevermind she's back she just went to pee
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you know diarrhea is hereditary? It runs in the jeans.
dadjokes	family	quip	general	0	My dad said you should always be up front with everyone... Great man, terrible goalkeeper...
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	My boss said he is going to fire the employee with the worst posture. I have a hunch it might be me.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I wish I was ugly for a day. Because being ugly every day is killing me.
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Happy Father's Day to every single dad out there! And the married ones, too.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Drills are boring Fastening things together with metal is riveting.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Chinese takeout: $10.55. Gas to get there and back: $2.42... ...Getting home and realizing they forgot one of your containers: Riceless.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I told my boss that I was tired of being a human cannonball. Then he fired me.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I've developed a chronic fear of giants It's called feefifobia
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Every time I visit my friend, he insists that we only listen to electronic dance music. He wouldn't techno for an answer.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I saw a car with a "How am I driving?" bumper sticker. So I called the phone number listed and said, "I think it's with your steering wheel."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I sympathize with these transgendered movements. I too was once a man trapped in a woman's body. Then I was born.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Do they allow loud laughing in Hawaii? Or just a low ha
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	When asked what his favorite holiday was. Arnold Schwarzenegger replied. "I Still Love Easter BABY!"
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	My Dad really wanted me to make paper planes with him Eventually I folded
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	Son: Dad, can you take my temperature? Dad: Nah, you keep it
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	People think being a waitress isn't a respectable job. But hey, it puts food on the table.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I am having hard time deciding whether I should throw away my old pillow. I think I'll sleep on it.
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	What do you call a factory that makes good products? Satisfactory
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	If I'm being subjective, the greatest sci-fi series of all time is Dr. Who. If I'm being objective, it's Dr. Whom.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	I dated a twin once... I once dated a twin. My friend asked me how I told them apart. I said Stacy has a beauty mark on her right cheek. And Frank has a beard.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the difference between a poorly dressed man on a bicycle and a sharp dressed man on a unicycle? Attire.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Why can you not use beef stew as a password? Because its not stroganoff
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Why was the ewok so soft-spoken? He was using his Endor voice.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call it when a duck farts? A butt-quack!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Here's a good one liner __________.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	What do they do when a chemist dies? They Barium.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What do you call Al Gore dancing? Algorythym
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If you spank Dwayne Johnson... You have really hit Rock bottom.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I've never been wrong in my entire life I thought i was once, but i was mistaken.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	If Ellen DeGeneres and Anakin Skywalker formed a band, what kind of music would they play? Elle-Vader music My brother is a great dad, but he tells this joke every time I see him
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	In college I was so broke I couldn't afford the electricity bill. Those were the darkest days of my life.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	You can't run through a campsite You can only ran, 'cause it's past tents.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why did the mammoths go extinct? There wasn't any sirroths
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A nurse told me, "Sorry for the wait!" I replied, "it's alright, I'm patient."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	"Judge, 60% of my parking tickets are bogus!!" Judge: Repeat infractions? Man: Ok. 3/5 of my tickets are bogus!!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Knock knock Who's there? Broken pencil Broken pencil who? ..... Ah, forget it. It's pointless.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I used to think there was only 25 letters in the alphabet... ... I don't know Y
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I hope Elon Musk never gets caught up in a major scandal I just imagine Elon-Gate would be really drawn out....
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why does Waldo wear stripes? So he isn't spotted.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	How do killer whales hunt? With a well orcastrated attack
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Did you hear about what happened to the guy from the keyboard factory? He was fired for not putting in enough Shifts.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the hardest thing for a two day sober law student to do? Passing the bar.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	There was a fight between 19 and 20 21
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife and I have split up over my obsession with horoscopes.. In the end it Taurus apart.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A Mexican fireman found out that his wife gave birth to a pair of twins. He named his first child Jóse. What did he name his second child? Hose B
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My father passed away in December. Here's one of his favorites. Every time we had cornbread for dinner he would say, "pi r squared? Pie are not squared, pie are round. Cornbread are squared."
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	Dad joke but.. I'm a mother.. What Job did Beethoven get after he died? He decomposed.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth Then it just becomes *a soap opera*
dadjokes	science	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the astronomer who studied the moon for 24 hours They got bored and called it a day
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	There was a collision at sea between two tankers...one carrying blue paint, one carrying red paint. There were no casualties but a number of crewmen were marooned.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I just met the happiest girl ever... Her name was Sarah Tonin
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the best Christmas present you could possibly get? A broken drum... you can't beat it
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Opinion - 3.14 = Onion Opinion - 3.14 = Onion
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	To the guy who invented elevators Thanks for letting us all down.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you know the toothbrush was invented in Alabama? Because it's not called a teethbrush.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I heard Tiger Woods got a DUI... He should have picked a different driver.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	I have trained them well, now the wife is in on it... Me: (after a long hot weekend) I need to get a fan. Wife: Woo! You're the best. Gooooo husband!
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My daughter put a toy truck in her mouth. I said "take that out of your mouth." She asked "why!?" I said "you'll get car sick."
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Here's a good one. #1
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A guy tried selling me Canada I said I wasn't having Nunavit
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	To all the military moms out there... thank you for your cervix!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call it when there is no internet in Russia? Internyet.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I got an vinyl album of wasp sounds the other day. Played it, didn't sound anything like wasps! Then I realised I was playing the bee side.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Yesterday I ate a clock. It was very time consuming. Especially when I went back for seconds.
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	Why do North Koreans draw the straightest lines? Because they have a supreme ruler
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I was terrified of gardening. But I finally decided to grow a pear.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	What did the duck say when he found an avocado? Guac, Guac.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	y=mx+b jokes are fine, but.. At some point, we'll have to draw the line
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	My friend is trying to convince me to invest in his sword making business. He makes some really good points.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	All of my friends have such expansive bucket lists. Mine is just a little pail in comparison.
dadjokes	family	dark	general	0	My mom used to tuck me in when I was a kid.... Man, she really wanted a daughter
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What kind of music do mummies like to listen to? Wrap
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Have you heard the joke about paper? Good that you haven't, it's tearable!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear what happened at the world's shortest game of tag? It was touch and go for a second
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's in the middle of the Olympic sprinter's hyphenated last name? a 100 meter dash. Edit: Previously I had "60 meter dash". Turns out that was indoor sprinting and not Olympics. Fixed.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My wife asked why the road was so rough I said "because it was raised on the streets."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I have an Irish friend with a great personality that always bounces off the walls. His name is Rick O'Shea.
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	What is the tallest building in the world? The library. It has the most stories
dadjokes	tech	quip	general	0	My computer said my password is insecure. Well maybe if it wasn't forced to have such strict requirements it would be more confident.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I saw my nephew after a long time, and said "Wow! You must have grown a foot since I saw you last!" He said, "No. I still have two."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a pirate motorcycle? An ARRLEY Davison This is really bad I'm sorry Xd
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I had a cheap circumcision It was a rip-off.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? Beer nuts are $1.50 and deer nuts are under a buck.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	this guy nailed it on nasa growing/eating lettuce comments "lettuce hope the ISS does not grow any leeks!"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	A man has been jailed for telling too many puns The judge called it 'Assault with a Dadly Weapon'
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Telling my girlfriend about my new career... So me and the girlfriend are sitting in bed talking about sighing. Her: "What are you, an expert on sighing?" Me: "Why yes, Im a Sigh-entologist."
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Dad, that man accused you and Mom of being something called pyromaniacs. Is that true? Yes, we arson
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	If you clean a vacuum cleaner You become a vacuum cleaner
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What type of blood do you give a pessimistic person? B positive
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Just walked past a sign that read, "This fire door is alarmed"... So I give it a little rub and told it everything is going to be ok.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Why did the Soviet Union take so long to fall? Because they kept Stalin!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Can a Ninja throw Stars? Shur-he-kan
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	Every time my son is eating a banana, I comment... "Son, that looks appealing! Orange you glad you have a berry funny Dad like me? That's it, I'm plum out of jokes."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	It's my birthday today. The best present I got is a broken drum It's unbeatable
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	How many ears does Captain Kirk have? Three! The left ear, the right ear, and the Final Front"ear".
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	Dad spilled lotion on his laptop and powercable. "Hey son, do you think it will run smoother now?"
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	I have a tattoo of the Scottish flag on my arm. Step dad is in Scotland. Step dad texts me this morning "Hey Paul, they really love you over here in Scotland, they show your tattoo everywhere!"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad made me shudder with this one. I'm 22. Me: You should be more careful where you put things. Dad: I wish they'd told me that twenty two years ago.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A lumberjack walks into an enchanted forest. As he goes to chop down a tree, it calls out. "Wait, don't chop me down. I'm a talking tree!" The lumberjack smiles. "And you will dialogue."
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	What's a drunk astronauts favourite part of a computer? The space bar
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear about the perfume that smells of nothing? I think it's total non scents.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My ex- rapper friend decided to stop his gardening business because he was really careless with his tools. He has hoes in different area codes.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	"May I have your finest scotch please?", I asked the guy behind the counter. "It's just a roll of tape, sir," said the cashier at Staples.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My Dad was not aware that Dad Jokes were a thing... Mom's Text to Dad - "My phone says it will be 95 on Saturday. I don't know what to do." ... Dad's Reply - "Wish it a Happy Birthday."
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Dad walked in on me using his treadmill "Where you goin'?"
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	What does a thesaurus eat for breakfast? A synonym roll
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I like my coffee like I like slaves Free
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I just spent $300 for a limousine and found out it doesnt come with a driver. Cant believe I spent all that money and have nothing to chauffeur it.
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife walked into the house after a long day at work. She looked tired and stressed. I said, " Did anyone tell you, you look beautiful?" She smiled and said "No" I said "One day, One day"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why do chicken coops have 2 doors Because if they had 4 they'd be a chicken sedan!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	So my friend David lost his ID ...now we just call him Dave
dadjokes	love	joke	general	0	My wife was eating a date. She asked how you can tell if a date has gone bad. I said usually the first sign is a lack of conversation.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I was recently asked who my favorite vampire was. I replied "the count from Sesame Street." They told me, "he doesn't count!" I replied, "I assure you, he does."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	my friend said she didnt understand cloning "that makes two of us"
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why do koi fish always travel in groups of 4? So the A koi, the B koi, and the C koi can escape, because they know the predator will always go after the D koi
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	Our uni teacher didnt know what a girl in our class looked like so he asked what does alexis look like I said like a subaru but nicer
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	if you can think of a better fish pun let minnow.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Did you hear the one about the little oranges that got stuck in a bucket? Man-dar-in trouble...
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	My feminist aunt is finishing up her usual tangent And she turns to my dad, "And what do you think about women's rights?" "Well personally, I like both sides."
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What do you call an avalanche of cats? A catastrophe.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I've been diagnosed with a chronic fear of giants.. Feefiphobia
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the pencil get flushed down the toilet? It was a #2!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What did the doctor say to his patient that wanted to do his own stitches? Suture self.
dadjokes	arts	joke	general	0	I asked my kids, "What is Mozart doing right now?" They looked at me and shook their heads, when I shouted, "Decomposing!"
dadjokes	family	dark	general	0	I remember what my dad told me right before he kicked the bucket "Hey, son. Watch me kick this bucket!"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I heard the story about the dog who traveled 5 miles to fetch a stick, but I didn't believe it because it was... too farfetched.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Why did the golfer take an extra pair of trousers with him? In case he got a hole in one
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	Guys, enough of the 2015 jokes. You've been making these jokes all year
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Have you been forced to wear a mask and glasses at the same time? You may be entitled to condensation.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My dad got me with this one I had my E-cigarette plugged into my computer to charge. He walks in and asked me if I was installing the latest nicotine patch
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My daughter told me this gem... What ended in 1986? 1985!
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	My wife screamed "There's an ant on my computer!" When I look at it, she had changed the background to a picture of her with our nephew... /r/auntjokes
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	My therapist told me to write letters to people I hated and then burn them. I've done that, but what do I do with the letter.
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	How did Harry Potter get down the hill? Walking. ...JK Rowling!
dadjokes	work-money	quip	general	0	I took Uber yesterday. The driver said, "I love my job. I'm my own boss. No one tells me what to do." I said, "Please turn left."
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	went to the zoo yesterday and saw a baguette in a cage. The zoo keeper told me it was bread in captivity.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Have you heard about dry erase boards... They're remarkable
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Got my son. Me, driving at dawn with eldest son: "Woah, deer!" Son (11 years old): "Wow there's a lot of them. They must stay out all night." Me: "Yes. They are ... party animals."
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	Did you hear about Godzilla in Korea? Residents described events as Seoul-crushing.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	I once had a conversation with a dolphin. We just clicked.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	TIL: A recent study found that the newest strain of head lice is resistant to conventional treatment. That left scientists scratching their heads.
dadjokes	arts	quip	general	0	Call me Ishmael. Seriously, call me. It's been months. I still don't know what I did.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	what did one hat say to the other? you stay here i'll go on ahead
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	What's blue and not very heavy? Light blue
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My wife threatened to kick me out of the house if I did not stop acting like a Flamingo. That was when I put my foot down!
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	So Thanos, Hulk and Ironman decided to create a group chat... It's called Snapchat
dadjokes	faith	joke	general	0	what happens when the pope dies? another popes up
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Sting was kidnapped The police have no lead!
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Typical Dad Dad: Have you ever heard of the band 1020 MB? Me: Nope? Dad: That's because they haven't got a gig yet
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? Snow balls.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	If you have the soldiers named Salt and Pepper in your squad then consider yourself lucky. They're seasoned veterans
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My doctor friend is addicted to hitting his patients on their knee to test their reflexes. He really gets a kick out of it.
dadjokes	love	pun	general	0	My wife sent me a text message only reading "EARTH" It meant the world to me
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	How big are cathedrals? Massive.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Does anyone want a pack of dead 9v batteries? They are free of charge
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	So Trump called James Comey a "nut job"... Orange you glad he didn't say bananas?
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	There's a band called 1023MB... They haven't hit any gigs yet.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why is your nose in the middle of your face? Because it's the scenter.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I saw glass coffins are now a thing and I wonder if they'll be popular? Remains to be seen
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camoflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My sister bet me £15 that I couldn't build a car out of spaghetti You should of seen the look on her face as i drove pasta
dadjokes	society	joke	general	0	Why did the pioneers use covered wagons to move out west? They didn't want to wait 40 years for a train.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Years ago, I had a job translating pre Classical Greek literature into Braille. It feels like ancient history.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Where do you learn to make ice cream? Sundae school
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	I forgot to pay my membership fee for months. But today I finally remembered.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	What would Al Gore name his mixtape Algorithm
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Sometimes I touch my knees to my chest and lean forward, That's just how I roll.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My car horn wasn't working, so I took it to a Boy Scout. He fixed it and said, "Beep repaired"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you cancel an appointment at the sperm bank? Just call them up and tell them you can't come.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Which computer is the best singer A Dell.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Helped my daughter make a pillow fort. Me: We've got enough pillows to make a fivet. Kid: What's a fivet? Me: It's a little bigger than a fort; half the size of a tent.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What kind of bagel can fly? a plain bagel
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	Why did the banker quit his job? He lost interest.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I bought my friend an elephant for his room. He said "Thanks" I said "Don't mention it."
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	A T-Rex walks into a vegan restaurant and is greeted by a girl who said she knew him. He had never met herbivore.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I've started writing German poetry Could be verse
dadjokes	health-body	quip	general	0	I always avoid the gym for the first 3 weeks of the year Which is really no different than what I do on the other 49 weeks
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why are kangaroos good at brewing beer? They have hops.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I love going outdoors... It's much safe than going outwindows.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's the line that separates a regular joke from a dad joke? The punch line.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Why are hurricane winds so fast? Because if they weren't, they'd be slowicanes...
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Singing in the shower is all fun and games until you get shampoo in your mouth... Then it becomes a soap opera...
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I have a friend who's addicted to brake fluid. He says he can stop at anytime though.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	How do you measure millennials? In Instagrams
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I try to tell everyone about the benefits of eating dried grapes. It's all about raisin awareness.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	Which animal has the most memory? The Ram
dadjokes	life	quip	general	0	I dared to ask my wife why she's buying a giant tub of Whiteout. Big mistake.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I wanted to write a joke about restraining orders. This is as close as I could get though.
dadjokes	faith	pun	general	0	I met a nun that wiped her nose on her clothes She had a nasty habit
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	An astronaut stepped in gum on the moon He's stuck in orbit.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I said to my dad yesterday, "That doesn't look like our mail person." My dad says, "That's because it's a female person."
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	I have a few jokes about unemployed people but none of them seem to work.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why was Santa's little helper feeling depressed? Because he has low elf esteem.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Archaeologists have uncovered a mummy in egypt covered in nuts and chocolate. They believe it's Pharaoh Roche.
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	Did you hear about the restaurant they opened on the International Space Station? There is zero atmosphere but the food is out of this world. Edit for grammar
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	The cashier gave me some coins back after I gave her the exact amount. I looked at her confused with the coins in my hand and said, "I paid the exact total. This makes no cents."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	To the guy who invented the number zero, Thanks for nothing!
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	EU has some free space now To be specific, 1 GB
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	A salesman told me I should consider buying a coffin. I said That's the last thing I need.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Used a dad joke on my dad He was sharpening a pencil with his pocket knife but kept cutting the end off. "Dad if you keep this up its just going to be pointless."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I bought two recliners on Craigslist today I went with a friend to pick them up. When we got back, my dad comes out and says "Hey, two lazy boys! Oh and you got some recliners too."
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	In one ear and out the other Me: -Talking on the phone- Dad: "That better not be one of those sex hotlines" Me: "It's not, why"? Dad: "I don't want you to get hearing aids".
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What is the difference between a cat and a comma? One has claws at the end of its paws and the other has a pause at the end of its clause.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I refer to David Hasselhoff as "The Hoff" It's less of a hassel 😏
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Reverse dad joke. Actual exchange I heard between my brother and his daughter. "Dad, can I go swimming?" "Not right now. Wait five or ten minutes." "Ok, I choose five." "... Fair enough."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Five hundred people were exposed to ten different puns, to see if any of them made the subject laugh. Sadly, no pun in ten did.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I asked dad to make me a sandwich he said, "Abracadabra, you are a sandwich" Devastating dad joke
dadjokes	life	dark	general	0	Bit of a long shot... but does anyone know a sniper?
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	I called my wife and said that I'll pick up pizza and coke on the way home from work. But I was met with a stony silence. I think she still regrets letting me name the kids.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What's Harry Potters favorite way to go down a hill? Walking. J.K, Rowling
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you get when you cross the Atlantic Ocean with the Titanic? Halfway
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	What's it called when a chameleon can't change its colors anymore? A reptile dysfunction
dadjokes	work-money	pun	general	0	My boss fired me for cracking to many Asian jokes. It ended my Korea.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	I can understand why French bakers hate me. I feel their pain.
dadjokes	science	pun	general	0	Einstein to his Dad: Dad, my paper on The Theory of Relativity just got published. Dad: Nice, son. It is about time.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	I used to wonder how lightning worked. Then it struck me.
dadjokes	tech	joke	general	0	I asked my buddy who was in the Air Force to buy me a Microsoft tablet today... So I could thank him for his Surface.
dadjokes	society	pun	general	0	My dad said Obama would be tastier if he changed his middle name to Lee Because he'd be Barack Lee
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	My dad on the new female Thor "Marvel to introduce female Thor. Women's status in comic books has gone from bad to Norse."
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Why does a chicken coup have only 2 doors If it had 4 doors, it would be a chicken sedan. &amp;#x200B; Ok, I'm leaving .....
dadjokes	work-money	quip	general	0	I've always wanted to be a Millionaire just like my Dad... He always wanted to be a Millionaire too
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	What do you call a 5 foot psychic that escaped from prison? A small medium at large.
dadjokes	life	observation	general	0	You know what's really boring? Digging giant tunnels underground.
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	In honour of mother's day, I'm going to tell yo mama jokes Because she's a sweet lady with a great sense of humour.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	"Why do people like working at the Red Lobster?" It helps them get out of their shell. Dad dropped this exquisite cringe as we drove by.
dadjokes	family	dark	general	0	Why do midgets make bad parents? They always struggle to put food on the table.
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	She laughed hard after delivering her strong effort Reads a 50% off Sign on a sushi restaurant.... " Sounds fishy" "harharhar"
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	When geese/any birds are flying in a 'V' .... My dad used to say "You know why one side of the 'V' is longer?" ...no, why? "Because there are more birds on that side."
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What is an elderly person's favorite music genre? Near-Death Metal
dadjokes	family	pun	general	0	I'm very suspicious that someone in my family has been secretly adding glue to my weapons collection... Everyone denies it, but I'm sticking to my guns...
dadjokes	family	joke	general	0	Dad-joked my co-worker She threw some of her lunch at me and goes "LETTUCE!" I replied with "let us what?" I had 6 pairs of eyes rolling simultaneously, along with a groan from another room. Haha
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Perfect Eyesight Dad: Wow, it's already 2014. Heck, in six years, everybody will have perfect eyesight! Me: Why's that? Dad: It'll be 2020!
dadjokes	science	dark	general	0	"Dad, how do stars die?" "Usually an overdose."
dadjokes	nature	fact	general	0	Alligators can grow up to 20 feet... But most only grow 4.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	My I.T. co-worker got new shoes He rebooted himself
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Buddy in class just asked me this in class If iron man and the silver surfer teamed up, would they be alloys?
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I went to the grocery store and the 50-something clerk asked to see my ID After I handed him my passport: "Are you a world traveller? I studied abroad." "Oh?" "Yeah, a lot of em actually"
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Whoever invented the knock knock joke should get a prize. The no bell prize.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	The garbage man looks sad. Yeah, he's wheelie bin depressed.
dadjokes	love	quip	general	0	Jedi's make lousy spouses They always threaten to use divorce.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What do you call an alligator with a GPS? A navigator
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What do u call a zombie that writes music? A decomposer
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	Have you ever eaten an alarm clock? It's very time consuming.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My doctor asked if I knew I had back problems. I told him I had a hunch.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Don't buy Velcro... It's such a rip-off.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	There was a draw for $2000 worth of free tires at the fair today As I was filling out the entry form, I said to the girl: "If I win this, I can re-tire!" She didn't even acknowledge the joke.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I ordered a chicken and an egg on Amazon I'll let you know.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What's the difference between a tuna, a piano, and an owl? You can tuna piano but you can't piano a tuna.
dadjokes	tech	pun	general	0	Why are Apple stores hypocritical? Because to construct them, you need to install windows
dadjokes	food	pun	general	0	What do you call a slightly cool vegetable? A Rad-ish
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	How do you drown a hipster? Throw him in the mainstream.
dadjokes	nature	pun	general	0	Why do seagulls fly over the ocean? Because they'd be called bagels if they flew over the bay...
dadjokes	food	joke	general	0	What's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea? I've never had a garbanzo bean on my face before.
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Dad jokes are amazing and heres why: why
dadjokes	arts	pun	general	0	What happened when the drummer broke the rules? He suffered the re-percussions.
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	Sherlock was gardening when Watson came over and asked what he was planting. "A lemon tree, my dear Watson".
dadjokes	life	pun	general	0	My last birthday lasted half a minute it was my thirty-second birthday
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	Two guys were stood on either side of a river....... One shouted "ay mate, how do I get to the other side of the river?" He replied "you are on the other side"
dadjokes	life	joke	general	0	I had a dream last night that I was a muffler. I'm exhuasted.
dadjokes	nature	joke	general	0	Q) What do you call a deer with no eyes? A) No idea. Q) What do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs? A) still no idea.
dadjokes	work-money	joke	general	0	I've always wanted to be a millionaire, just like my dad. -Wow, your dad was a millionaire? -No, but he always wanted to be one.
