education	work-money	quip	general	0	A definition of teaching: casting fake pearls before real swine.
education	society	quip	general	0	A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education.
education	arts	wisdom	general	0	A good question is never answered. It is not a bolt to be tightened into place but a seed to be planted and to bear more seed toward the hope of greening the landscape of idea.
education	arts	pun	general	0	A grammarian's life is always in tense.
education	life	aphorism	general	0	A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
education	life	observation	general	0	A Parable of Modern Research: Bob has lost his keys in a room which is dark except for one brightly lit corner. "Why are you looking under the light, you lost them in the dark!" "I can only see here."
education	life	quip	general	0	A pencil with no point needs no eraser.
education	life	quip	general	0	A professor is one who talks in someone else's sleep.
education	life	joke	general	0	A student who changes the course of history is probably taking an exam.
education	life	joke	general	0	A synonym is a word you use when you can't spell the word you first thought of.
education	life	pun	general	0	A tautology is a thing which is tautological.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	A university is what a college becomes when the faculty loses interest in students.
education	life	quip	general	0	"A University without students is like an ointment without a fly."
education	life	quip	general	0	About all some men accomplish in life is to send a son to Harvard.
education	society	quip	general	0	Academic politics is the most vicious and bitter form of politics, because the stakes are so low.
education	life	quip	general	0	Academicians care, that's who.
education	work-money	wisdom	general	0	An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
education	life	quip	general	0	Any two philosophers can tell each other all they know in two hours.
education	life	quip	general	0	As Gen. de Gaulle occasionally acknowledges America to be the daughter of Europe, so I am pleased to come to Yale, the daughter of Harvard.
education	life	quip	general	0	As long as the answer is right, who cares if the question is wrong?
education	society	quip	general	0	British education is probably the best in the world, if you can survive it. If you can't there is nothing left for you but the diplomatic corps.
education	life	observation	general	0	Campus sidewalks never exist as the straightest line between two points.
education	life	quip	general	0	Comparing information and knowledge is like asking whether the fatness of a pig is more or less green than the designated hitter rule.
education	life	quip	general	0	Dear Freshman, You don't know who I am and frankly shouldn't care, but unknown to you we have something in common. We are both rather prone to mistakes. I was elected Student Government President by mistake, and you came to school here by mistake.
education	work-money	pun	general	0	Department chairmen never die, they just lose their faculties.
education	life	joke	general	0	Did you know the University of Iowa closed down after someone stole the book?
education	life	quip	general	0	Do not clog intellect's sluices with bits of knowledge of questionable uses.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	Do you know the difference between education and experience? Education is what you get when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't.
education	life	observation	general	0	Do you think that illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?
education	society	observation	general	0	Education and religion are two things not regulated by supply and demand. The less of either the people have, the less they want.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	Education is learning what you didn't even know you didn't know.
education	society	quip	general	0	Education is the process of casting false pearls before real swine.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	Education is what survives when what has been learnt has been forgotten.
education	society	wisdom	general	0	Educational television should be absolutely forbidden. It can only lead to unreasonable disappointment when your child discovers that the letters of the alphabet do not leap up out of books and dance around with royal-blue chickens.
education	life	aphorism	general	0	Eloquence is logic on fire.
education	family	joke	general	0	Encyclopedia for sale by father. Son knows everything.
education	work-money	joke	general	0	Engineering: "How will this work?" Science: "Why will this work?" Management: "When will this work?" Liberal Arts: "Do you want fries with that?"
education	life	quip	general	0	Even if you do learn to speak correct English, whom are you going to speak it to?
education	arts	quip	general	0	Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them. There's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher.
education	life	aphorism	general	0	Examinations are formidable even to the best prepared, for even the greatest fool may ask more the wisest man can answer.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	Experience is the worst teacher. It always gives the test first and the instruction afterward.
education	life	quip	general	0	F u cn rd ths u cnt spl wrth a dm!
education	tech	quip	general	0	f u cn rd ths, itn tyg h myxbl cd.
education	tech	quip	general	0	f u cn rd ths, u cn gt a gd jb n cmptr prgrmmng.
education	life	joke	general	0	f u cn rd ths, u r prbbly a lsy spllr.
education	arts	wisdom	general	0	Fourteen years in the professor dodge has taught me that one can argue ingeniously on behalf of any theory, applied to any piece of literature. This is rarely harmful, because normally no-one reads such essays.
education	faith	aphorism	general	0	Going to church does not make a person religious, nor does going to school make a person educated, any more than going to a garage makes a person a car.
education	life	quip	general	0	Good day to avoid cops. Crawl to school.
education	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths good theatre.
education	work-money	quip	general	0	Graduate life: It's not just a job. It's an indenture.
education	life	quip	general	0	Graduate students and most professors are no smarter than undergrads. They're just older.
education	life	aphorism	general	0	He that teaches himself has a fool for a master.
education	society	quip	general	0	"He was a modest, good-humored boy. It was Oxford that made him insufferable."
education	life	quip	general	0	He who writes with no misspelled words has prevented a first suspicion on the limits of his scholarship or, in the social world, of his general education and culture.
education	arts	quip	general	0	[He] took me into his library and showed me his books, of which he had a complete set.
education	work-money	quip	general	0	Higher education helps your earning capacity. Ask any college professor.
education	society	quip	general	0	History books which contain no lies are extremely dull.
education	society	dark	general	0	History is nothing but a collection of fables and useless trifles, cluttered up with a mass of unnecessary figures and proper names.
education	society	quip	general	0	How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?
education	arts	quip	general	0	I am a bookaholic. If you are a decent person, you will not sell me another book.
education	life	quip	general	0	"I am not sure what this is, but an `F' would only dignify it."
education	arts	quip	general	0	I am returning this otherwise good typing paper to you because someone has printed gibberish all over it and put your name at the top.
education	work-money	quip	general	0	I came out of twelve years of college and I didn't even know how to sew. All I could do was account -- I couldn't even account for myself.
education	life	observation	general	0	I came to MIT to get an education for myself and a diploma for my mother.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	I have made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it shorter.
education	life	quip	general	0	"I have to convince you, or at least snow you ..."
education	life	quip	general	0	I heard a definition of an intellectual, that I thought was very interesting: a man who takes more words than are necessary to tell more than he knows.
education	faith	wisdom	general	0	I respect faith, but doubt is what gives you an education.
education	life	quip	general	0	I think your opinions are reasonable, except for the one about my mental instability.
education	work-money	quip	general	0	"I'm returning this note to you, instead of your paper, because it (your paper) presently occupies the bottom of my bird cage."
education	work-money	quip	general	0	If any man wishes to be humbled and mortified, let him become president of Harvard.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	If he had only learnt a little less, how infinitely better he might have taught much more!
education	life	quip	general	0	If ignorance is bliss, why aren't there more happy people?
education	life	observation	general	0	If little else, the brain is an educational toy.
education	faith	quip	general	0	If someone had told me I would be Pope one day, I would have studied harder.
education	life	quip	general	0	If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
education	life	wisdom	general	0	If we spoke a different language, we would perceive a somewhat different world.
education	work-money	observation	general	0	If while you are in school, there is a shortage of qualified personnel in a particular field, then by the time you graduate with the necessary qualifications, that field's employment market is glutted.
education	arts	wisdom	general	0	If you are too busy to read, then you are too busy.
education	life	aphorism	general	0	If you can't read this, blame a teacher.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	If you resist reading what you disagree with, how will you ever acquire deeper insights into what you believe? The things most worth reading are precisely those that challenge our convictions.
education	society	wisdom	general	0	If you think education is expensive, try ignorance.
education	life	quip	general	0	If you took all the students that felt asleep in class and laid them end to end, they'd be a lot more comfortable. -- "Graffiti in the Big Ten"
education	tech	wisdom	general	0	"If you understand what you're doing, you're not learning anything."
education	society	quip	general	0	Ignorance is never out of style. It was in fashion yesterday, it is the rage today, and it will set the pace tomorrow.
education	life	quip	general	0	Ignorance is when you don't know anything and somebody finds it out.
education	life	dark	general	0	Ignorance must certainly be bliss or there wouldn't be so many people so resolutely pursuing it.
education	life	joke	general	0	Illiterate? Write today, for free help!
education	life	quip	general	0	Iowa State -- the high school after high school!
education	life	wisdom	general	0	It has been said [by Anatole France], "it is not by amusing oneself that one learns," and, in reply: "it is *only* by amusing oneself that one can learn."
education	life	quip	general	0	It's is not, it isn't ain't, and it's it's, not its, if you mean it is. If you don't, it's its. Then too, it's hers. It isn't her's. It isn't our's either. It's ours, and likewise yours and theirs.
education	life	tv-quote	general	0	Joe Cool always spends the first two weeks at college sailing his frisbee.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	Learned men are the cisterns of knowledge, not the fountainheads.
education	arts	observation	general	0	Learning at some schools is like drinking from a firehose.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	Learning without thought is labor lost; thought without learning is perilous.
education	life	quip	general	0	Maybe ain't ain't so correct, but I notice that lots of folks who ain't using ain't ain't eatin' well.
education	work-money	joke	general	0	Most seminars have a happy ending. Everyone's glad when they're over.
education	family	wisdom	general	0	My father, a good man, told me, "Never lose your ignorance; you cannot replace it."
education	life	quip	general	0	Never have so many understood so little about so much.
education	life	aphorism	general	0	Never let your schooling interfere with your education.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	No discipline is ever requisite to force attendance upon lectures which are really worth the attending.
education	life	observation	general	0	No matter who you are, some scholar can show you the great idea you had was had by someone before you.
education	life	uplifting	general	0	No wonder you're tired! You understood so much today.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	Normally our rules are rigid; we tend to discretion, if for no other reason than self-protection. We never recommend any of our graduates, although we cheerfully provide information as to those who have failed their courses.
education	life	quip	general	0	Not only is this incomprehensible, but the ink is ugly and the paper is from the wrong kind of tree.
education	science	quip	general	0	"OK, now let's look at four dimensions on the blackboard."
education	work-money	quip	general	0	OK, so you're a Ph.D. Just don't touch anything.
education	life	quip	general	0	One cannot make an omelette without breaking eggs -- but it is amazing how many eggs one can break without making a decent omelette.
education	life	quip	general	0	"Plaese porrf raed."
education	life	aphorism	general	0	Practice is the best of all instructors.
education	society	observation	general	0	Princeton's taste is sweet like a strawberry tart. Harvard's is a subtle taste, like whiskey, coffee, or tobacco. It may even be a bad habit, for all I know.
education	work-money	observation	general	0	Professor Gorden Newell threw another shutout in last week's Chem Eng. 130 midterm. Once again a student did not receive a single point on his exam. Newell has now tossed 5 shutouts this quarter. Newell's earned exam average has now dropped to a phenomenal 30%.
education	arts	wisdom	general	0	Reading is thinking with someone else's head instead of one's own.
education	arts	wisdom	general	0	Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body.
education	life	quip	general	0	Reporter: "How did you like school when you were growing up, Yogi?" Yogi Berra: "Closed."
education	life	joke	general	0	Smartness runs in my family. When I went to school I was so smart my teacher was in my class for five years.
education	life	aphorism	general	0	Some scholars are like donkeys, they merely carry a lot of books. -- Folk saying
education	tech	quip	general	0	"Speed is subsittute fo accurancy."
education	life	pun	general	0	Spelling is a lossed art.
education	life	joke	general	0	Suddenly, Professor Liebowitz realizes he has come to the seminar without his duck ...
education	work-money	pun	general	0	Teachers have class.
education	life	quip	general	0	The 'A' is for content, the 'minus' is for not typing it. Don't ever do this to my eyes again.
education	life	observation	general	0	The alarm clock that is louder than God's own belongs to the roommate with the earliest class.
education	work-money	dark	general	0	The average Ph.D thesis is nothing but the transference of bones from one graveyard to another.
education	work-money	quip	general	0	The avocation of assessing the failures of better men can be turned into a comfortable livelihood, providing you back it up with a Ph.D.
education	life	joke	general	0	The brain is a wonderful organ; it starts working the moment you get up in the morning, and does not stop until you get to school.
education	life	quip	general	0	The college graduate is presented with a sheepskin to cover his intellectual nakedness.
education	life	dark	general	0	The end of the world will occur at three p.m., this Friday, with symposium to follow.
education	society	aphorism	general	0	The future is a race between education and catastrophe.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	The important thing is not to stop questioning.
education	life	dark	general	0	The man who has never been flogged has never been taught.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	The only thing that experience teaches us is that experience teaches us nothing.
education	society	aphorism	general	0	The only thing we learn from history is that we learn nothing from history.
education	life	quip	general	0	The problem with graduate students, in general, is that they have to sleep every few days.
education	society	quip	general	0	The ratio of literacy to illiteracy is a constant, but nowadays the illiterates can read.
education	arts	wisdom	general	0	The real purpose of books is to trap the mind into doing its own thinking.
education	life	quip	general	0	"The student in question is performing minimally for his peer group and is an emerging underachiever."
education	life	dark	general	0	The sum of the intelligence of the world is constant. The population is, of course, growing.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	The sunlights differ, but there is only one darkness.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	The test of a first-rate intelligence is the ability to hold two opposed ideas in the mind at the same time and still retain the ability to function.
education	life	observation	general	0	The three best things about going to school are June, July, and August.
education	life	dark	general	0	The Tree of Learning bears the noblest fruit, but noble fruit tastes bad.
education	life	quip	general	0	The world is coming to an end! Repent and return those library books!
education	life	wisdom	general	0	The world is full of people who have never, since childhood, met an open doorway with an open mind.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	There are no answers, only cross-references.
education	life	quip	general	0	This is the sort of English up with which I will not put.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	Those who educate children well are more to be honored than parents, for these only gave life, those the art of living well.
education	life	dark	general	0	Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	To accuse others for one's own misfortunes is a sign of want of education. To accuse oneself shows that one's education has begun. To accuse neither oneself nor others shows that one's education is complete.
education	life	quip	general	0	To craunch a marmoset.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	To teach is to learn twice.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	To teach is to learn.
education	life	quip	general	0	Try not to have a good time ... This is supposed to be educational.
education	life	quip	general	0	Trying to get an education here is like trying to get a drink from a fire hose.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	Universities are places of knowledge. The freshman each bring a little in with them, and the seniors take none away, so knowledge accumulates.
education	society	quip	general	0	University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small.
education	life	quip	general	0	"We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!"
education	science	wisdom	general	0	We know next to nothing about virtually everything. It is not necessary to know the origin of the universe; it is necessary to want to know. Civilization depends not on any particular knowledge, but on the disposition to crave knowledge.
education	life	quip	general	0	We're fantastically incredibly sorry for all these extremely unreasonable things we did. I can only plead that my simple, barely-sentient friend and myself are underprivileged, deprived and also college students.
education	life	aphorism	general	0	What does education often do? It makes a straight cut ditch of a free meandering brook.
education	work-money	quip	general	0	What makes you think graduate school is supposed to be satisfying?
education	life	wisdom	general	0	What passes for optimism is most often the effect of an intellectual error.
education	life	wisdom	general	0	What we do not understand we do not possess.
education	life	quip	general	0	What's page one, a preemptive strike?
education	life	joke	general	0	When I was in school, I cheated on my metaphysics exam: I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
education	life	observation	general	0	Whenever anyone says, "theoretically," they really mean, "not really."
education	arts	quip	general	0	Where do I find the time for not reading so many books?
education	life	quip	general	0	"Whom are you?" said he, for he had been to night school.
education	society	quip	general	0	You can't expect a boy to be vicious till he's been to a good school.
education	life	quip	general	0	You don't have to think too hard when you talk to teachers.
education	life	quip	general	0	You may have heard that a dean is to faculty as a hydrant is to a dog.
education	life	dark	general	0	"You should, without hesitation, pound your typewriter into a plowshare, your paper into fertilizer, and enter agriculture"
education	life	wisdom	general	0	Your education begins where what is called your education is over.
education	society	aphorism	general	0	"The society that separates its scholars from its warriors will have its thinking done by cowards and its fighting by fools."
education	life	wisdom	general	0	"He who is only an athelete is too crude, too vulgar, too much a savage. He who is a scholar only is too soft, too effeminate. The ideal citizen is the scholar athlete, the man of thought and the man of action"
education	life	aphorism	general	0	They say a little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but it's not one half so bad as a lot of ignorance.
education	society	quip	general	0	Personally, I think the best motto for an educational establishment is: 'Or Would You Rather Be a Mule?'
education	life	quip	general	0	I didn't go to university. Didn't even finish A-levels. But I have sympathy for those who did
education	arts	quip	general	0	"Educational" refers to the process, not the object. Although, come to think of it, some of my teachers could easily have been replaced by a cheeseburger
education	life	wisdom	general	0	An education was a bit like a communicable sexual disease. It made you unsuitable for a lot of jobs and then you had the urge to pass it on
