realfacts	life	fact	general	0	"Arachibutlphobia" is the fear of peanut butter sticking to the roof of your mouth.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	"Challenger Deep" is the deepest point on Earth and can hold 25 Empire State Buildings end to end.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	"Disco" means "I learn" in Latin.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	"O" is the oldest letter of the alphabet, dating back to 3000 B.C.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	"Q" is the only letter in the alphabet not appearing in the name of any U.S. state.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	"Way" is the most frequently used noun in the English language.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	'K' was chosen to stand for a strikeout in baseball because 'S' was being used to denote a sacrifice.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	-40 degrees Fahrenheit is the same temperatures as -40 degrees Celsius.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	1/4 of the bones in your body are in your feet.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	100% recyclable, old newspapers are great for washing windows.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	111,111,111 x 111,111,111 = 12,345,678,987,654,321
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	13 percent of the world's tea comes from Kenya.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	2nd Street is the most common street name in the United States; First Street is the 6th most common.
realfacts	work-money	fact	general	0	454 U.S. dollar bills weigh exactly one pound.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	75% of people wash from top to bottom in the shower.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	99% of our solar system's mass is the sun.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A Pelican can hold more food in its beak than its belly.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A Venus flytrap can eat a whole cheeseburger.
realfacts	life	quip	general	0	A baboon is a variety of lemon.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A baby caribou can outrun its mother at 3 days old.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A ball of glass will bounce higher than a ball of rubber.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A banana is a giant herb.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A bee has five eyelids.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A bolt of lightning can reach temperatures hotter than 50,000 degrees Fahrenheit - five times hotter than the sun.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A camel can drink 25 gallons of water in less than three minutes.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A cat has 32 muscles in each ear.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A cat's lower jaw cannot move sideways.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A cat's nose is ridged with a unique pattern, just like a human fingerprint.
realfacts	life	observation	general	0	A chalkboard eraser is one of the best ways to wipe a foggy windshield.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A chameleon shoots out its tongue to catch prey at speeds faster than a fighter jet.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A compass needle does not point directly north.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A crocodile can't stick out its tongue.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A crocodile cannot move its tongue.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A cubic mile of fog is made up of less than a gallon of water.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	A cucumber consists of 96% water.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A day on Venus lasts longer than a year on Venus.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A dimpled golf ball produces less drag and flies farther than a smooth golf ball.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A dog's average body temperature is 101 degrees Fahrenheit.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A duck can't walk without bobbing its head.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A duck has three eyelids.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A duck's quack doesn't echo.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A female kangaroo is called a flyer.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	A fifteen-year-old boy invented earmuffs in 1873.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A flea can jump 30,000 times without stopping.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A full moon is nine times brighter than a half moon.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A full-grown tree produces enough oxygen to support a family of four.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A gallon of water weighs 8.34 pounds.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A goldfish's attention span is 3 seconds.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A group of a dozen or more cows is called a 'flink.'
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A group of cats is called a clowder.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A group of flamingos is called a flamboyance.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A group of geese on the ground is a gaggle, a group of geese in the air is a skein.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A group of goats is called a trip.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A group of jellyfish is called a smack.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A group of porcupines is called a prickle.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A group of twelve or more cows is called a flink.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A honey bee can fly at 15mph.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A housefly hums in the key of F.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A human brain weighs about three pounds.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A hummingbird weighs less than a penny.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A hummingbird's heart beats 1,400 times a minute.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A jackrabbit can travel more than 12 feet in one hop.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A jellyfish is approximately 95% water.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A jiffy is an actual time measurement equaling 1/100th of a second.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A kangaroo can jump 30 feet.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	A lemon contains more sugar than a strawberry.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A male cricket's ear is located on the tibia of its leg.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A male firefly's light is twice as bright as a female's.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A male kangaroo is called a boomer.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A manned rocket can reach the moon in less time than it took a stagecoach to travel the length of England.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A mile on the ocean and a mile on land are not the same distance.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A nautical mile is 800 feet longer than a land mile.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A one-day weather forecast requires about 10 billion math calculations.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	A one-minute kiss burns about 26 calories.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A pearl can be dissolved by vinegar.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A pigeon's feathers are heavier than its bones.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A pineapple is neither an apple or a pine. It is, in fact, a large berry.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A polar bear cannot be seen by an infrared camera, due to its transparent fur.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A queen bee can lay 800-1,500 eggs per day.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A rainbow can only be seen in the morning or late afternoon.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A rhinoceros horn is made of compacted hair.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A sea lemon is a mollusk that feeds on sponges.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	A single coffee tree produces only about a pound of coffee beans per year.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A snail breathes through its foot.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A sneeze travels out of your mouth at over 100 miles an hour.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A soup can full of neutron star material would have more mass than the Moon.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A spider's silk is stronger than steel.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	A stamp shaped like a banana was once issued in the country of Tonga.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A strand from the web of a golden spider is as strong as a steel wire of the same size.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A strawberry is not an actual berry, but a banana is.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	A tankless water heater uses half the energy of a standard model.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	A teaspoon contains 120 drops of water.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	A ten gallon hat holds less than one gallon of liquid.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A tiger's night vision is six times better than a human's.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	A tune that gets stuck in your head is called an earworm.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A turkey can run at 20 mph.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	A twit is the technical term for a pregnant goldfish.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	About 1.3 billion pounds of peanuts are produced in Georgia each year.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	About 11% of the people in the world are left-handed.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	About 18 percent of animal owners share their bed with their pet.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	About 40% of America's population lives within a one day drive to Philadelphia.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	About 45% of leisure visitors to downtown New York City come from outside the United States.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	About 80 women go into labor on NYC subways every year.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	About 85% of the world's population is right-handed.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	About 90% of all garlic consumed in the U.S. comes from Gilroy, CA.
realfacts	health-body	fact	general	0	About half of all Americans are on a diet on any given day.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Abraham Lincoln was the tallest U.S. President at 6'4", while James Madison was the shortest at 5'4".
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Add up opposing sides of a dice cue and you'll always get seven.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Adults laugh only about 15 to 100 times a day, while six-year-olds laugh an average of 300 times a day.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Africa is divided into more countries than any other continent.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	After working out, it takes 5 hours for your body temperature to return to normal.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Alaska has more caribou than people.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Alaska has the highest percentage of people who walk to work.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Alaska is the most eastern and western state in the U.S.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Alaska was bought from Russia for about 2 cents an acre.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	All dog breeds except chow-chows have black lips to prevent them from getting sunburned.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	All gondolas in Venice, Italy must be painted black unless they are carrying an important person.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	All lemons are harvested by hand.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	All of the major candidates in the 1992, 1996, and 2008 U.S. presidential elections were left-handed.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	All polar bears are left-handed.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	All porcupines float in water.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	All scorpions glow.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Almonds are part of the peach family.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	America's 1st roller coaster was built in 1827 to carry coal from a mine to boats below.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Americans spend more than $630 million a year on golf balls.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Americans, on average, eat 18 acres of pizza a day.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Among North Atlantic lobsters, about 1 in 5,000 is born bright blue.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	An alligator can go through 3,000 teeth in a lifetime.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	An ant can lift 50 times its own weight.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	An ant's sense of smell is stronger than a dog's.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	An average of three billion cups of tea are consumed daily worldwide.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	An egg that is fresh will sink in water, but a stale one won't.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	An electric eel can release a charge powerful enough to start 50 cars.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	An octopus has three hearts.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	An ostrich's brain is smaller than its eye.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Ancient Chinese warriors would show off to their enemies before battle, by juggling.
realfacts	love	fact	general	0	Ancient Egyptians believed the "vein of love" ran from the third finger on the left hand to the heart.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Animals that lay eggs don't have belly buttons.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Antarctica has as much ice as the Atlantic Ocean has water.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Antarctica holds 90% of the world's fresh water.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Antarctica is the driest, coldest, windiest, and highest continent on earth.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Antarctica is the only continent with no owls.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Apples, peaches and raspberries are all members of the rose family.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Approximately 16,500 people in the U.S. go by the last name Lemon.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Armadillos have four babies at a time and they are always all the same sex.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Astronauts actually get taller when in space.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	At 5 feet, the whooping crane is the tallest bird in North America.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	At birth a human has 350 bones, but only 206 bones when full grown.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	At birth, a Dalmation is always pure white.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	At room temperature, the average air molecule travels at the speed of a rifle bullet.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	At the deepest point in the ocean, the water pressure is equivalent to having about 50 jumbo jets piled on top of you.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Atlantic salmon are capable of leaping 15 feet high.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	August has the highest percentage of births.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Australia is the only continent without an active volcano.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Babies are born with about 300 separate bones, but adults have 206.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Baboons were once trained by Egyptians to wait on tables.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Baby bunnies are called kittens.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Baking soda makes a great scouring cleanser, and it's naturally chemical-free.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Bald eagles can swim using a stroke similar to the butterfly stroke.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Bamboo (the world's tallest grass) can grow up to 90cm in a day.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Bamboo can grow over three feet per day.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Bamboo can grow three feet in one day.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Bamboo makes up 99 percent of a panda's diet.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Bananas are the most widely-eaten fruit in America.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Barbie's full name is Barbara Millicent Roberts.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Beavers can hold their breath for 45 minutes under water.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Beavers have orange teeth.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Beavers were once the size of bears.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Bees are born fully grown.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Bees' wings beat about 11,400 times per minute.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Before 1687 clocks were made with only an hour hand.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Before Thomas Jefferson took office people bowed to the president, rather than shaking his hand.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Before mercury, brandy was used to fill thermometers.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Benjamin Franklin invented flippers.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Besides humans, elephants are the only animals that can be taught to stand on their head.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Between 1979 and 1999, the planet Neptune was farther from the Sun than Pluto. This won't happen again until 2227.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Blackboard chalk contains no chalk.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Bloodhounds can track a man by smell for up to 100 miles.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Borborygmi is the noise that your stomach makes when you are hungry.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Bowling pins need to tip over a mere 7 1/2 degrees to fall down.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Brain waves can be used to power an electric train.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Brain waves can power an electric train.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	Britain was the first country to register a patent on polyester.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Broadway is one of the longest streets in the world. It is 150 miles long.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Broccoli is the only vegetable that is also a flower.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Butterflies can taste with their hind feet.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Butterflies were formerly known by the name Flutterby.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Buzz Aldrin was one of the first men on the moon. His mother's maiden name was also Moon.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	California and Arizona grow approximately 95% of the fresh lemons in the U.S.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Caller ID is illegal in California.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Camel's milk does not curdle.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Camels have three eyelids.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Canada has the longest coastline of any country in the world.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Candles will burn longer and drip less if they are placed in the freezer a few hours before using.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Cape May is the oldest seashore resort in America.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Caterpillars have over 2,000 muscles.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Cats can hear ultrasound.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Cats have 2 sets of vocal cords: one for purring and one for meowing.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Cats have over 100 vocal chords.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Chameleons can move both their eyes in different directions at the same time.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	Charlie Chaplin failed to make the finals of a Charlie Chaplin look-alike contest.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Chewing gum was invented in New York City in 1870 by Thomas Adams.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Chewing gum while peeling onions will prevent you from crying.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Chicago is named after smelly garlic that once grew in the area.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Children grow faster during springtime.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Children have more taste buds than adults.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Children tend to grow faster in the spring.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	China only has one time zone.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Chinese is the most spoken language in the world.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Christopher Columbus brought the first lemon seeds to America.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Clearwater, Florida has the highest rate of lightning strikes per capita in the U.S.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Cleveland, OH is home to the first electric traffic lights.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Cold water weighs less than hot water.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Colors like red, yellow and orange make you hungry.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Connecticut was the first state to pass a Lemon Law in 1982.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Cows do not have upper front teeth.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Cows give more milk when they listen to music.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Cranberries are sorted for ripeness by bouncing them.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Curly hair follicles are oval, while straight hair follicles are round.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	DFW Airport in Texas is larger than the island of Manhattan.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Dairy cows drink up to 50 gallons of water per day.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	David Rice Atchison was President of the United States for only one day.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Despite its hump, a camel has a straight spine.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Detroit has the greatest number of registered bowlers in the U.S.
realfacts	health-body	fact	general	0	Dieting by not eating will actually make your body start conserving calories as fat.
realfacts	food	quip	general	0	Dim lights reduce your appetite.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Dogs can make about 10 sounds, while cats make about 100.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Dolphins are unable to smell.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Dolphins can jump up to 20 feet in the air.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Dolphins sleep with one eye open.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Double Dutch jump rope is considered a cross-training sport.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Dragonflies have six legs but can't walk.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Dueling is legal in Paraguay as long as both parties are registered blood donors.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	During the Boston Tea Party, 342 chests of tea were thrown into the harbor.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Each year, the Moon moves away from Earth by about four centimeters.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Each year, the average American eats about 15 pounds of apples.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Each year, the average person walks the distance from NY to Miami.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Early football fields were painted with both horizontal and vertical lines, creating a pattern that resembled a gridiron.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Elephants are capable of swimming 20 miles per day.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Elephants are the only mammals that can't jump.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Elephants only sleep 2 hours a day.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Eleven of the 50 U.S. states are named after an actual person.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Emus and kangaroos cannot walk backward.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Endocarp is the edible pulp inside a lemon.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Even though it is nearly twice as far away from the Sun as Mercury, Venus is by far the hottest planet.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Every hour more than one billion cells in the body must be replaced.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Every state except Maine, Alaska, and Hawaii is home to at least one species of venomous snake.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Every ton of recycled paper saves about 17 trees.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Farmington, Maine celebrates Chester Greenwood Day to honor the inventor of earmuffs.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Federal law once allowed the government to quarantine people who came in contact with aliens.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Ferret comes from the Latin word for little thief.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Fish can drown.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Fish cough.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Fish have eyelids.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Flamingos can only eat with their heads upside down.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Flamingos turn pink from eating shrimp.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Flying fish leap out of the water at 20 mph or more, and can glide for over 500 feet.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	For every human being in the world there is approximately one chicken.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Forty is the only number whose letters are in alphabetical order.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Forty percent of twins invent their own language.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Four Corners, AZ, is the only place where a person can stand in 4 states at the same time.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Franklin Roosevelt was related to 5 U.S. Presidents by blood and 6 by marriage.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	French author Michel Thayer published a 233 page novel which has no verbs.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Fresh apples float because 25 percent of their volume is air.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Fresh cranberries can be bounced like a rubber ball.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Frogs cannot swallow with their eyes open.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Frogs never drink.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Frowning burns more calories than smiling.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Galapagos turtles can take up to three weeks to digest a meal.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Gentoo penguins propose to their life mates with a pebble.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	George Washington feared being buried alive.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	George Washington had false teeth made of gold, ivory, and lead - but never wood.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	George Washington took the oath of office in New York City in 1789.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	George Washington was the only unanimously elected President.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Giraffes can lick their own eyes.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Giraffes have no vocal chords.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Giraffes have the same number of vertebrae as humans: 7.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Googol is a number (1 followed by 100 zeros).
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Grapes are the most popular fruit in the world.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Great Falls, Montana, is the windiest city in the U.S.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Greyhounds can reach speeds of 45 miles per hour.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Grizzly bears run as fast as the average horse.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Harry S. Truman's middle name is S.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Harry Truman was the last U.S. President to not have a college degree.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Hawaii has its own time zone.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Hawaii is further south than Florida.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Hawaii is moving toward Japan at the rate of almost 4 inches per year.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Hawaii is the only U.S. state never to report a temperature of zero degrees F or below.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Hawaii is the only U.S. state that grows coffee commercially.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Hawaii is the only U.S. state that grows coffee.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Hawaii is the only state with one school district.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Heat, not sunlight, ripens tomatoes.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Heavier, not bigger lemons, produce more juice.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Hippos can open their mouths 180 degrees.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Holland is the only country with a national dog.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Honeybees are the only insects that create a form of food for humans.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Honeybees have hair on their eyes.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Honeybees navigate by using the sun as a compass.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Horseback riding can improve your posture.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Horses can't vomit.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Human eyes have over two million working parts.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Humans share 50% of their DNA with bananas.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Hybrid cars produce up to 75% less pollution than other vehicles.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	If a sheep and a goat mate the offspring is called a geep.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	If done perfectly, any Rubick's Cube combination can be solved in 17 turns.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	If there are two full moons in a month, the second one is called a blue moon.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	If two pieces of the same type of metal touch in outer space, they will bond together permanently.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	If you doubled one penny every day for 30 days, you would have $5,368,709.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	If you drive from Los Angeles to Reno, NV, you will be heading west.
realfacts	work-money	fact	general	0	If you had 1 billion dollars and spent 1 thousand dollars a day, it would take you 2,749 years to spend it all.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	If you keep a goldfish in a dark room it will eventually turn white.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	If you put all the streets in New York City in a straight line, they would stretch to Japan.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	If you shake a can of mixed nuts, the larger nuts will rise to the top.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	In 1634, tulip bulbs were a form of currency in Holland.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	In 1859, 24 rabbits were released in Australia. Within 6 years, the population grew to 2 million.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	In 1860, Abraham Lincoln grew a beard at the suggestion of an 11-year-old girl.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	In 1878, the first telephone book ever issued contained only 50 names.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	In 1900, 1/3 of all automobiles in New York City were powered by electricity.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	In 1908, the first lollipop-making machine started in New Haven, CT.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	In 1926, the first outdoor mini-golf courses were built on rooftops in NYC.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	In 1985, the fastest bicyclist was clocked at 154 mph.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	In 2003, a 6-year-old from Naples, FL was ticketed for not having a permit for her lemonade stand.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	In Albania, nodding your head means no and shaking your head means yes.
realfacts	love	fact	general	0	In Ancient Greece, throwing an apple to a woman was considered a marriage proposal.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	In Athens, Greece, a driver's license can be taken away by law if the driver is deemed either unbathed or poorly dressed.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	In Germany, the shhh sound literally means hurry up.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	In South Korea, it is against the rules for a professional baseball player to wear cabbage leaves inside of his hat.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	In Switzerland, it is illegal to own only one guinea pig because they are prone to loneliness.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	In Texas, it is illegal to graffiti someone's cow.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	In a year, the average person walks four miles making his or her bed.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	In ancient Rome, lemons were used as an antidote to all poisons.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	In one day, a full-grown oak tree expels 7 tons of water through its leaves.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	In only 7.6 billion years, the sun will reach its maximum size and will shine 3,000 times brighter.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	In some cultures' telling of Snow White, the dwarves are thieves.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	In the Middle Ages, chicken soup was considered an aphrodisiac.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	In the U.S. a pig has to weigh more than 180 lbs to be called a hog.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	In the U.S., all interstate highways that run east to west are even-numbered.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	In the U.S., there are about 15,000 vacuum cleaner-related accidents each year.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	In the average lifetime, a person will walk the equivalent of 5 times around the equator.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	In the game Monopoly, the properties are named after streets in Atlantic City.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	In the state of Arizona, it is illegal for donkeys to sleep in bathtubs.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	India has a Bill of Rights for cows.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	India has more English speakers than the United States.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Indonesia is made up of more than 17,000 islands.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	International tug of war rules state that the rope must be over 100-feet long.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Interstate 90 is the longest U.S. Interstate Highway with over 3,000 miles from Seattle, WA to Boston, MA.
realfacts	work-money	fact	general	0	It cost the United States Mint two cents to produce and distribute a penny in 2012.
realfacts	work-money	fact	general	0	It costs the U.S. government 2.5 cents to produce a quarter.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	It is against the law to put pretzels in bags in Philadelphia.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	It is against the law to use "The Star Spangled Banner" as dance music in Massachusetts.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	It is estimated that the world's oceans contain 10 billion tons of gold.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	It is illegal for a portrait of a living person to appear on U.S. postage stamps.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	It is illegal in the United Kingdom to handle salmon in suspicious circumstances.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	It is illegal to play annoying games in the street in the United Kingdom.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	It is illegal to run out of gas in Youngstown, Ohio.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	It is illegal to sing off-key in North Carolina.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	It is impossible to sneeze with your eyes open.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	It is not possible to tickle yourself.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	It is possible to lead a cow up stairs but not down.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	It takes an interaction of 72 muscles to produce human speech.
realfacts	life	observation	general	0	It takes more water to fill a bathtub than it does to enjoy a nice, warm shower.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	It took Leonardo da Vinci 12 years to paint the lips of Mona Lisa.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	It took the first man to walk around the world four years, three months and 16 days to complete his journey.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Jack is the most common name in nursery rhymes.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Jack-O-Lanterns were originally made out of turnips.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	John Adams was the only President to be defeated by his Vice President, Thomas Jefferson.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	John Wilkes Booth's brother saved the life of Abraham Lincoln's son.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Jousting is the official sport in the state of Maryland.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Jousting is the official sport of Maryland.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Jupiter spins so fast that there is a new sunrise nearly every 10 hours.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Just a sugar cube of neutron star matter would weigh about one hundred million tons on Earth.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Kangaroos can't walk backwards.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Karate originated in India.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Ketchup was once sold as a medicine.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Knots come out easier if you sprinkle talcum powder on them.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Koala and humans are the only animals with unique fingerprints.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Koalas only drink water in extreme heat or drought.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Lake Superior is the world's largest lake.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Lemon sharks can give birth to about 36 babies at one time.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Lemon wood is carved into chess pieces.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Lemons are more acidic than vinegar.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Lemons ripen after you pick them, but oranges do not.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	Leonardo da Vinci could draw with one hand while writing with the other.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Leonardo da Vinci discovered that a tree's rings reveal its age.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Less than 3% of the water on Earth is fresh.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Licking a stamp burns 10 calories.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Lifejackets used to be filled with sunflower seeds for flotation.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Like fingerprints, everyone's tongue print is different.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Lizards communicate by doing push-ups.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Lobsters can live up to 50 years.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Long Beach Island was once frequented by pirates.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Long Island is the largest island in the Continental U.S.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Louisiana is home to over 80% of the world's crayfish.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Maine is the closest U.S. state to Africa.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Maine is the only state with a one-syllable name.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Maine produces more toothpicks than any other state in the U.S.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Male moose shed their antlers every winter and grow a new pair the next year.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Manatees' eyes close in a circular motion, much like the aperture of a camera.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Mangoes are the most-consumed fruit in the world.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Manhattan Island was once home to as many different species as Yellowstone National Park.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Manhattan is the only borough in New York City that doesn't have a Main Street.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Manhattan was the first capital of the United States.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Manufacturing recycled goods uses up to 95% less energy than using raw materials.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Many butterflies and moths are able to taste with their feet.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Men get hiccups more than women.
realfacts	science	quip	general	0	Meteorologists claim they're right 85% of the time.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Mexican jumping beans jump to get out of sunlight.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Miami installed the first ATM for inline skaters.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Miami installed the first ATM for rollerbladers.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Mongolians invented lemonade around 1299 A.D.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	More Siberian tigers live in zoos than in the wild.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	More babies are born at night than during the day.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	More energy from the sun hits Earth every hour than the planet uses in a year.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	More than 180 countries celebrate Earth Day together every April 22nd.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Mosquitoes are attracted to people who just ate bananas.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Mosquitoes have 47 teeth.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Most Koala bears can sleep up to 22 hours a day.
realfacts	nature	observation	general	0	Most cats don't like lemonade.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Most elephants weigh less than the tongue of a blue whale.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Most lipstick contains fish scales.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	Most rechargeable batteries can be recharged up to 1,000 times.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Mount Everest rises a few millimeters every year.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Mount Katahdin in Maine is the first place in the U.S. to get sunlight each morning.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Mount Whitney, the highest mountain in the continental United States, and Zabriskie Point, the lowest point in the United States, are less than eighty miles apart.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Mountain goats aren't actually goats. They are antelopes.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Mt. Everest has grown one foot over the last 100 years.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Napoleon Bonaparte was actually not short. At 5' 7", he was average height for his time.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Napoleon suffered from a fear of cats.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Nearly 9,000 people injure themselves with a toothpick each year.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Neckties were first worn in Croatia, which is why they were called cravats.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	New Jersey is home to the world's first drive-in movie theater.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	New York City has over 800 miles of subway track.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	New York City is made up of 50 islands.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	New York City's public school students represent about 188 different countries.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	New York taxi drivers collectively speak about 60 languages.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	New York was the first state to require cars to have license plates.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Newborn babies cannot cry tears for at least three weeks.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	No only child has been a U.S. President.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	No piece of paper can be folded more than seven times.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	No two lip impressions are the same.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	No word in the English language rhymes with month.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Norway once knighted a penguin.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	OMG was added to dictionaries in 2011, but it's first known use was in 1917.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Of all the trees in Australia, 75% are eucalyptus.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Of the 92 counties in Indiana, only 5 observe daylight savings time.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Ohio is the only U.S. state that does not have a rectangular flag.
realfacts	love	fact	general	0	On Valentine's Day, there is no charge to get married in the Empire State Building's chapel.
realfacts	love	fact	general	0	On average a human will spend up to 2 weeks kissing in his/her lifetime.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	On average a man spends about five months of his life shaving.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	On average, a laptop uses half as much energy as a desktop computer.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	On average, you'll spend a year of your life looking for misplaced objects.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	One acre of peanuts will make about 30,000 peanut butter sandwiches.
realfacts	health-body	fact	general	0	One brow wrinkle is the result of 200,000 frowns.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	One in six doctors in America was trained in Philadelphia.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	One is the only number with letters in reverse alphabetical order.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	One lemon tree will produce about 1,500 lemons a year.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	One lump of sugar is equivalent to three feet of sugar cane.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	One out of every eight residents in the U.S. lives in California.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Only female mosquitoes bite.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Only male fireflies can fly.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Only male turkeys gobble.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Oregon has more ghost towns than any other US city.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Our eyes are always the same size from birth, but our nose and ears never stop growing.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Over 1 million Earths would fit inside the Sun.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Over 50 percent of your body heat is lost through your head and neck.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Over half of the world's geysers are found in Yellowstone National Park.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Owls are one of the only birds who can see the color blue.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Oysters can change from one gender to another and back again.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Panama is the only place in the world where you can see the sun rise on the Pacific and set on the Atlantic.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Panda bears eat up to 16 hours a day.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Pearls dissolve in vinegar.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Penguins can jump 6 feet.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Penguins have an organ above their eyes that converts seawater to fresh water.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Pennsylvania is misspelled on the Liberty Bell, because that is how they spelled it in the 18th century.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	People don't sneeze when they are asleep because the nerves involved in the sneeze reflex are also resting.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Philadelphia was the first capital of the United States.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Pigeons have been trained by the U.S. Coast Guard to spot people lost at sea.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Pigs can get sunburn.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Pigs were banished from Philadelphia's city streets in 1710.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Pilates stretches your muscles, improving your posture and helping you appear taller.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Pistol shrimp can make a noise loud enough to break glass.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Place a slice of bread in the storage container to keep cookies soft when storing.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Place an apple in the bag with your potatoes to keep them from budding.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Plants, like humans, can run a fever if they are sick.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	Playing in a marching band is considered moderate exercise.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Pluto takes 248 years to orbit the sun once.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Poison Ivy is not Ivy and Poison Oak is not an Oak. They are both part of the Cashew family.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Polar bear fur is transparent, not white.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Polar bears can smell a seal from 20 miles away.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Pomology is the study of fruit.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Popcorn was invented by the American Indians.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Porcupines each have 30,000 quills.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Potatoes have more chromosomes than humans.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Pound cake got its name from the original recipe which called for a pound of butter.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Powerful earthquakes can make the Earth spin faster.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	President Chester A. Arthur owned 80 pairs of pants, which he changed several times per day.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	President Warren G. Harding once lost white house china in a poker game.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	President William McKinley had a pet parrot that he named "Washington Post."
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	President William Taft weighed over 300 lbs and once got stuck in the white house bathtub.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Queen Cleopatra of Egypt was not actually Egyptian.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Queen Isabella I of Spain, who funded Columbus' voyage across the ocean, claimed to have only bathed twice in her life.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Raindrops can fall as fast as 20 miles per hour.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Rats and mice are ticklish, and even laugh when tickled.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Recycled paper is made using 40% less energy than normal paper.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Refrigerating apples can help them last up to 10 times longer than those left at room temperature.
realfacts	health-body	fact	general	0	Relative to size, the tongue is the strongest muscle in the human body.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Remove all the space between its atoms and Earth would be the size of a baseball.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	Replacing your car's air filter can improve gas mileage by 10 percent.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Right handed people tend to chew food on the right side and lefties chew on the left.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Rinsing bacon under cold water before frying can reduce the amount it shrinks by almost 50 percent.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Sailors once thought wearing gold earrings improved eyesight.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Sea otters hold each other's paws while sleeping so they don't drift apart.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Seals sleep only one and a half minutes at a time.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	Shakespeare invented the word assassination and bump.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Shrimp can only swim backward.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Slugs have four noses.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Smelling apples and/or bananas can help you lose weight.
realfacts	life	quip	general	0	Smile more - every two thousand frowns creates one wrinkle.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Snails can sleep for up to three years.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Snoopy is the most common dog name beginning with the letter S.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Some bears build nests in trees to sunbathe and rest.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Some dinosaurs were as small as chickens.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	Some violins contain 70 separate pieces of wood.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Sound travels quicker in water than in air.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Sound travels up to 15 times faster through steel than air, at speeds up to 19,000 feet per second.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	South Carolina is home to the first tea farm in the U.S.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Spiny lobsters migrate in groups of 50 or more, forming a conga line on the ocean floor.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Squids can have eyes the size of a volleyball.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Squirrels lose more than half of the nuts they hide.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Steel is 100% recyclable.
realfacts	life	uplifting	general	0	Stepping out for a walk every day can actually help you sleep better at night.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Storm clouds hold about 6 trillion raindrops.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Strawberries are grown in every state in the U.S. and every province in Canada.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Strawberries are the only fruits whose seeds grow on the outside.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Strawberries contain more vitamin C than oranges.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Strawberries have an average of 200 seeds.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Swimming pools in the U.S. contain enough water to cover San Francisco.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	TV dinners originated in the Artic.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Taft was the heaviest U.S. President at 329lbs; Madison was the smallest at 100lbs.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Tennessee banned the use of a lasso to catch fish.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Tennessee was previously named Franklin after Benjamin Franklin.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Tennis was originally played with bare hands.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Termites eat through wood two times faster when listening to rock music!
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Texas is the only state that permits residents to cast absentee ballots from space.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Thailand means "Land of the Free."
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The "high five" was introduced by a professional baseball player in 1977.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The "lemon yellow" crayon was introduced in 1949 and retired in 1990.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The "silk" of a spider is stronger than steel threads of the same diameter.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	The 1st public message to be transmitted via Morse code was "A patient waiter is no loser."
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	The 4th Earl of Sandwich invented the sandwich so he could eat and gamble at the same time.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The Basenji is the only type of dog that does not bark.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The Capitol building in Washington, D.C. has 365 steps to represent every day of the year.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The Caspian Sea is actually a lake.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The Chicago river flows backwards, the flow reversal project was completed in 1900.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The East Antarctic Ice Sheet is as thick as the Alps Mountains are high.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The Empire State Building has 73 elevators.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The Hawaiian alphabet only has 12 letters.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The Inca built the largest and wealthiest empire in South America, but had no concept of money.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The Japanese word "judo" means "the gentle way."
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The King of Hearts is the only king without a mustache.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The Lemon-Yellow Tree Frog is only active in the darkness of night.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The Library of Congress has 600 miles of shelves.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The Lollipop was named after one of the most famous Racehorses in the early 1900s, Lolly Pop.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The Mayflower only held 102 People.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	The Mona Lisa has no eyebrows.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The National Park Service manages over 350 parks on 80 million acres of public land.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The Nickname of President Hayes's wife was "Lemonade Lucy."
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The Pacific Ocean is eight inches higher than the Atlantic Ocean at the Panama Canal.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The Sahara Desert stretches farther than the distance from California to New York.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The San Francisco cable cars are the only mobile national monument.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The Saturn V moon rocket consumed 15 tons of fuel per second.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The Statue of Liberty features 7 points in her crown- one for each of the continents.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The Statue of Liberty wears a size 879 sandal.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The Statue of Liberty's nose is four feet six inches long.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The T-rex's closest living relative is the chicken.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The U.S. is the largest country named after a real person (Amerigo Vespucci).
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The Valley of Square Trees in Panama is the only known place in the world where trees have rectangular trunks.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The White House was originally called the President's Palace. It became The White House in 1901.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The Wildwood Boardwalk extends nearly two miles and has more than 70,000 wooden planks.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The ZIP in the ZIP code stands for Zone Improvement Plan.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	The act of chewing an apple is a more efficient way to stay awake than caffeine.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The amount of concrete used in the Hoover Dam could build a highway from New York to California.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The aphid insect is born pregnant.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The archer fish can spit water up to 7 feet to shoot down bugs from overhanging leaves.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The area code in Cape Canaveral, Fl, is 321.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The average American walks 18,000 steps a day.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	The average American will eat 35,000 cookies in his/her lifetime.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The average bar of soap lasts twice as long as a bottle of body wash.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The average cat can jump 5 times as high as its tail is long.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The average housefly lives for one month.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The average human dream lasts only 2 to 3 seconds.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The average human eats 8 spiders in his/her lifetime while sleeping.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The average human produces 10,000 gallons of saliva in a lifetime.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The average koala sleeps 22 hours each day.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The average lead pencil can draw a line 35 miles long or write roughly 50,000 English words.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The average person falls asleep in seven minutes.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The average person makes 1,140 phone calls per year.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The average person spends 2 weeks over his/her lifetime waiting for a traffic light to change.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The average person spends about 2 years on the phone in a lifetime.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The average person takes 23,000 breaths a day.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The average person uses 150 gallons of water per day for personal use.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The average raindrop falls at seven mph.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The average smell weighs 760 nanograms.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The average speed of a housefly is 4.5 mph.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The average turtle can't reproduce until it's 25 years old.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The average woman consumes six pounds of lipstick in her lifetime.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The average woman is 5 inches shorter than the average man.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The beaver is the official animal of Canada.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The biggest pig in recorded history weighed almost one ton.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The blue whale's heart is the size of a small car.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The brain operates on the same amount of power as a 10-watt light bulb.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The bullfrog is the only animal that never sleeps.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The bumblebee bat is one of the the smallest mammal on Earth. It weighs less than a penny.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The can opener was invented 48 years after the can.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The center of some golf balls contain honey.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The chicken is the closest living relative of Tyrannosaurus Rex.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The city of Los Angeles has about 3x more automobiles than people.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The coldest city in the U.S. is International Falls, Minnesota.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The common garden worm has five pairs of hearts.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The deepest place in the ocean is about seven miles deep.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The dot over the letter i is called a tittle.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The dots on a domino are called pips.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The dragonfly can reach speeds of up to 36 mph.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The eye makes movements 50 times every second.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The fastest recorded speed of a racehorse was over 43 mph.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The fastest served ball in tennis was clocked at 154 mph in 1963.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	The fear of vegetables is called lachanophobia.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The first American gold rush happened in North Carolina, not California.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	The first MTV video was "Video Killed the Radio Star" by the Buggles.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	The first TV network kids show in the U.S. was "Captain Kangaroo."
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	The first TV remote control, introduced in 1950, was called Lazy Bones.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	The first TV show ever to be put into reruns was "The Lone Ranger."
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	The first TV soap opera debuted in 1946.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	The first TV toy commercial aired in 1946 for Mr. Potato Head.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	The first VCR was made in 1956 and was the size of a piano.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The first ballpoint pens were sold in 1945 for $12.00.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The first bike was called a hobbyhorse.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The first country to use postcards was Austria.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	The first food eaten in space by a U.S. astronaut was applesauce.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The first human-made object to break the sound barrier was a whip.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	The first jukebox was located in San Francisco in 1899.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The first lighthouse to use electricity was the Statue of Liberty in 1886.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	The first lollipop was invented in Connecticut.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The first penny had the motto "Mind your own business."
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The first person crossed Niagara Falls by tightrope in 1859.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The first person in the U.S. arrested for speeding was a NYC cab driver.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The first sailing boats were built in Egypt.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	The first spam message was transmitted over telegraph wires in 1864.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	The first sport to be filmed was boxing in 1894.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The first traffic light was in use in London in 1868, before the advent of cars.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	The first typewriter was called the "literary piano."
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	The first vacuum was so large, it was brought to a house by horses.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The game of basketball was first played using a soccer ball and two peach baskets.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The giant panda can eat up to 83 lbs of bamboo a day.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The glue on Israeli postage stamps is certified kosher.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The great white shark can go up to three months between meals.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The height of the Eiffel Tower varies by as much as 6 inches depending on the temperature.
realfacts	work-money	fact	general	0	The highest denomination issued by the U.S. was the 100,000 dollar bill.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The hippopotamus has the capability to remain underwater for as long as five minutes.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The human brain is about 80% water.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The human brain takes up 2% of human body weight but uses 20% of its energy.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The human jaw can generate a force up to 200 pounds on the molars.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The hummingbird is the only bird that can fly backwards.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The indentation between the nose and the upper lip is called the philtrum.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The infinity sign is called a lemniscate.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The jaguar, the largest cat in the Western Hemisphere, once lived all over the southern US.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The largest ball of twine in the US weighs over 17,000.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	The largest cheesecake ever made weighed 57,508 lbs.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The largest dog litter was 23 puppies.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The largest fish is the whale shark - it can be over 50 feet long and weigh two tons.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The largest hailstone ever recorded in the U.S. was 17.5 inches around.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The largest pumpkin ever grown weighed 1,061 lbs.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The last letter to be added to our alphabet was J.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The legs of bats are too weak to support their weight, so they hang upside down.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The letter J is the only letter in the alphabet that does not appear anywhere on the periodic table of the elements.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The lifespan of a taste bud is about ten days.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The longest attack of hiccups ever lasted 68 years.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The longest one syllable word is "screeched."
realfacts	health-body	fact	general	0	The medical term for writer's cramp is graphospasm.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The middle finger has the fastest growing nail.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The most common name for a pet goldfish is 'Jaws.'
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	The most popular ice cream flavor is vanilla.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The most popular pet name in the United States is 'Max.'
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The most sensitive parts of the body are the mouth and the fingertips.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The most used letters in the English language are E, T, A, O, I and N.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The mouth of the Statue of Liberty is 3 feet wide.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The muzzle of a lion is like a fingerprint - no two lions have the same pattern of whiskers.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The name for the space between your eyebrows is "nasion."
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The name of the city of Portland, Oregon was decided by a coin toss. The name that lost was Boston.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The name of the city we call Bangkok is 115 letters long in the Thai language.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The nothingness of a black hole generates a sound in the key of B flat.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The number 1 or the word One appears on the dollar bill 16 times.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The number of times a cricket chirps in 15 seconds, plus 37, will give you the current air temperature.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	The number sign # is called an octothorpe.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The official color of California's Golden Gate Bridge is International Orange.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The official state gem of Washington is petrified wood.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The official taxonomic classification for llamas is Llama glama.
realfacts	health-body	fact	general	0	The oil in cashews helps prevent tooth decay.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The oldest known animal was a tortoise, which lived to be 152 years old.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The oldest living animal ever found was a 405 year-old clam, named Ming by researchers.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The only bird that can swim and not fly is a penguin.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The only bird who can see the color blue is the owl.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The only cactus plantation in the world is in Mississippi.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The only continent without reptiles or snakes is Antarctica.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	The only food that does not spoil is honey.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The only insect that can turn its head is a praying mantis.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The only jointless bone in the body is in your throat.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The only lizard that has a voice is the Gecko.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The only one-syllabled U.S. state is Maine.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The optimum depth of water in a birdbath is two and a half inches.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	The original Cinderella was Egyptian and wore fur slippers.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The original name of Nashville, Tennessee was Big Salt Lick.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	The original recipe for chocolate contained chili powder instead of sugar.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The patent for the fire hydrant was destroyed in a fire.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The peach was the first fruit to be eaten on the moon.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The penny was the first U.S. coin to feature the likeness of an actual person.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	The pineapple is a very big berry.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The planet Saturn's density is lower than water; in fact, it would float if placed in water.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The plastic things on the end of shoelaces are called aglets.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	The pomegranate is one of the oldest fruits known to man.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The popsicle was invented in 1905 by an 11-year-old boy.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	The pound sign, or #, is called an octothorp.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The pupils in goats' eyes are rectangular.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	The quartz crystal in your wristwatch vibrates 32,768 times a second.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The raised bump reflectors on U.S. roads are named "Botts dots."
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The ridges on the sides of coins are called reeding or milling.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The roadrunner chases after its prey at a blurring speed of up to 25 mph.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The sail fish has been clocked at speeds of over 60 miles per hour.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The scientific term for a sneezing is sternutation.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The shoreline at Wildwood grows almost 100 feet per year.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The side of a hammer is called a cheek.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The smallest county in America is New York County, better known as Manhattan.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The smallest mammal in the world is the bumblebee bat, which weighs less than a penny.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The soil on Mars is rust color because it's full of rust.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The speed limit in NYC was eight mph in 1895.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The spotted skunk does a handstand to warn off its enemies before it sprays its stench.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The square dance is the official dance of the state of Washington.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	The standard Chinese typewriter has 1,500 characters.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The starfish is the only animal that can turn its stomach inside out.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The state of Alabama once financed the construction of a bridge by holding a rooster auction.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The state of Florida is bigger than England.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The state of Maine has 62 lighthouses.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The state of Tennessee was originally called Franklin.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The strike note of The Liberty Bell is E flat.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The sun evaporates about a trillion tons of water a day.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The tallest man was 8 ft. 11 in.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The temperature of the sun can reach up to 15 million degrees Fahrenheit.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The term 007 was derived from 20007, the home zip code of many Washington, D.C. agents.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The term rookies comes from a Civil War term, reckie, which was short for recruit.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The tongue is the fastest healing part of the body.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The top of the Empire State Building was originally built as a place to anchor blimps.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The tradition of baseball managers wearing player uniforms started because the first managers were also players.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	The typewriter was invented in Milwaukee, WI in 1867.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The watermelon seed-spitting world record is about 70 feet.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The watersheds that supply water to New York City are roughly the size of Delaware.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	The weight of the moon is 81 billion tons.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The woodpecker can hammer wood up to 16 times per second.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The word "facetious" features all the vowels in alphabetical order.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The word "purple" does not rhyme with any other word in the English language.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The world's biggest pyramid is not in Egypt, but in Mexico.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	The world's first escalator was built in Coney Island, NY, in 1896.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The world's largest silver nugget (1,840 lbs) was found in 1894 near Aspen, Colorado.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	The world's termites outweigh the world's humans about 10 to 1.
realfacts	life	observation	general	0	The year that read the same upside down was 1961. That won't happen again until 6009.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	The youngest U.S. president to be in office was Theodore Roosevelt at age 42.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Theodore Roosevelt had a pet bear while in office.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Theodore Roosevelt was the only president who was blind in one eye.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	There are 118 ridges on the edge of a United States dime.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	There are 119 grooves on the edge of a quarter.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	There are 18 different animal shapes in the animal cracker zoo.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	There are 21 "secret" highways that are part of the Interstate Highway System. They are not identified as such by road signs.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	There are 293 ways to make change for a dollar.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	There are 336 dimples on a regulation American golf ball.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	There are 63,360 inches in a mile.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	There are about 1 million ants for every person in the world.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	There are approximately 7,000 feathers on an eagle.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	There are approximately 9,000 taste buds on your tongue.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	There are more French restaurants in New York City than in Paris.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	There are more chickens than people in the world.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	There are more doughnut shops per capita in Canada than in any other country.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	There are more saunas than cars in Finland.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	There are more species of fish in the Amazon river than in the Atlantic Ocean.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	There are more telephones than people in Washington, D.C.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	There are more than 30,000 diets on public record.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	There are over 2,000 different species of cactuses.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	There are over 61,000 pizzerias in the U.S.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	There are seven letters that look the same upside down as right side up.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	There are ten times more microbial cells than human cells in our bodies.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	There are towns named Sandwich in Illinois and Massachusetts.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	There is a museum of strawberries in Belgium.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	There is a ranch in Texas that is bigger than the entire state of Rhode Island.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	There is a town called "Big Ugly" in West Virginia.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	There is a town called Jackpot in Nevada.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	There is a town called Jersey Shore in Pennsylvania.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	There is a town in Alaska called Chicken.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	There is a town in South Dakota named Tea.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	There is an underground mushroom in Oregon that measures 3.5 miles across.
realfacts	tech	fact	general	0	Thomas Edison coined the word "hello" and introduced it as a way to answer the phone.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Thomas Jefferson invented the coat hanger.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Three out of every six Americans live within fifty miles of where they were born.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	To clean paint off your hands, use olive oil - it softens the paint and makes it easy to remove.
realfacts	life	observation	general	0	To fix a button about to fall off, dab a little clear nail polish over the threads holding it on.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	To keep an ice cream cone from dripping, stuff a miniature marshmallow into the bottom of the cone.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	To make a zipper slide up and down more smoothly, rub a bar of soap over the teeth.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	To make one pound of honey, a honeybee must tap about two million flowers.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	To remove crayon marks from walls, use a hairdryer to heat the wax.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	To take lumps out of a bag of sugar, place it in the refrigerator for 24 hours.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	To temporarily revive your ballpoint pen, dip the tip into hot water for a few seconds.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Today's "modern" wrestling moves have been seen in tomb drawings from ancient Egypt.
realfacts	work-money	fact	general	0	Top-performing companies are called "blue chips" after the costliest chips in casinos.
realfacts	life	quip	general	0	Tsiology is anything written about tea.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Tug-of-war was an Olympic sport in the early 1900's.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Turning the faucet off while brushing your teeth can save up to 5 gallons of water.
realfacts	arts	fact	general	0	Twinkle Twinkle Little Star was composed by Mozart when he was five years old.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Twins have a very high occurrence of left handedness.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Two national capitals are named after U.S. presidents: Washington, D.C., and Monrovia, the capital of Liberia.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Two trees can create enough oxygen for a family of four.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	U.S. President John Tyler had 15 children, the last of which was born when he was 70 years old.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	U.S. paper currency isn't made of paper - it's actually a blend of cotton and linen.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Ulysses Simpson Grant was fined $20.00 for speeding on his horse.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Underwater hockey is played with a 3-pound puck.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Unlike your housecat, the Siberian tiger actually loves to swim!
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Until its demolition in 2012, one percent of Greenland's total population lived in a single apartment building called Blok P.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Until the 19th century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Until the nineteenth century, solid blocks of tea were used as money in Siberia.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	Vanilla is used to make chocolate.
realfacts	society	fact	general	0	Vermont is the only New England state without a seacoast.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Vultures can fly for six hours without flapping their wings.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	When creating a mummy, Ancient Egyptians removed the brain by inserting a hook through the nostrils.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	When grazing or resting, cows tend to align their bodies with the magnetic north and south poles.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	When the moon is directly overhead, you weigh slightly less.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	While chopping onions, hold a piece of bread between your lips to keep your eyes from watering.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Wild camels once roamed Arizona's deserts.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Wildlife Forever has helped plant more than 132,000 trees in America since its founding in 1987.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	William Shakespeare was born and died on the same day: April 23.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	Wipe the leaves of your plants with the soft inside of a banana skin to bring up shine and remove dust.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Wisconsin has points located farther east than parts of Florida.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	With an average life expectancy of 81.2 years, the people of Okinawa, Japan live the longest.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Within five minutes of waking, 50 percent of a dream is forgotten. Within ten minutes, 90 percent of it is forgotten.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Women's hearts typically beat faster than men's hearts.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	Wrapping rubber bands around the ends of hangers can prevent clothes from slipping off.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	You blink over 10,000,000 times a year.
realfacts	nature	fact	general	0	You breathe in about 13 pints of air every minute.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	You burn about 20 calories per hour chewing gum.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	You burn more calories sleeping than watching TV.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	You burn more calories sleeping than you do watching television.
realfacts	food	fact	general	0	You can tell which day a loaf of bread was baked by the color of its plastic twist tag.
realfacts	society	observation	general	0	You don't have to be a lawyer to be a Supreme Court Justice.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	You exhale air at 15 m.p.h.
realfacts	life	fact	general	0	You share your birthday with at least 9 million other people in the world.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	You transfer more germs shaking hands than kissing.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	You will burn about 7% more calories walking on hard dirt than on pavement.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	You would weigh less on the top of a mountain than at sea level.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	You'd have to play ping-pong for about 12 hours to lose one pound.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Your big toe only has 2 bones and the rest have 3.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Your breathing rate increases when you start to type.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Your eye expands up to 45% when looking at something pleasing.
realfacts	science	fact	general	0	Your skull is made up of 29 different bones.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	"Brokeback Mountain" is not just a movie. It's also what Chuck Norris calls the pile of dead ninjas in his front yard.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	"Let the Bodies Hit the Floor" was originally written as Chuck Norris' theme song.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	"Sweating bullets" is literally what happens when Chuck Norris gets too hot.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	'Icy-Hot' is too weak for Chuck Norris. After a workout, Chuck Norris rubs his muscles down with liquid-hot MAGMA.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	182,000 Americans die from Chuck Norris-related accidents every year.
chuckfacts	health-body	fact	general	0	1:Heart disease
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	2:Chuck Norris
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	3:Cancer
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	4 out of 5 doctors fail to recommend Chuck Norris as a solution to most problems. Also, 80% of doctors die unexplained, needlessly brutal deaths.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	A Chuck Norris-delivered Roundhouse Kick is the preferred method of execution in 16 states.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	A Handicapped parking sign does not signify that this spot is for handicapped people. It is actually in fact a warning, that the spot belongs to Chuck Norris and that you will be handicapped if you park there.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	A man once asked Chuck Norris if his real name is "Charles". Chuck Norris did not respond, he simply stared at him until he exploded.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	A man once taunted Chuck Norris with a bag of Lay's potato chips, saying "Betcha can't eat just one!" Chuck Norris proceeded to eat the chips, the bag, and the man in one deft move.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	A movie scene depicting Chuck Norris losing a fight with Bruce Lee was the product of history's most expensive visual effect. When adjusted for inflation, the effect cost more than the Gross National Product of Paraguay.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	A picture is worth a thousand words. A Chuck Norris is worth 1 billion words.
chuckfacts	science	fact	general	0	A study showed the leading causes of death in the United States are
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	A: None, Chuck Norris prefers to kill in the dark.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	According to Einstein's theory of relativity, Chuck Norris can actually roundhouse kick you yesterday.
chuckfacts	faith	quip	general	0	According to the Bible, God created the universe in six days. Before that, Chuck Norris created God by snapping his fingers.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	After returning from World War 2 unscathed, Bob Dole was congratulated by Chuck Norris with a handshake. The rest is history.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	After taking a steroids test doctors informed Chuck Norris that he had tested positive. He laughed upon receiving this information, and said "of course my urine tested positive, what do you think they make steroids from?"
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Aliens DO indeed exist. They just know better than to visit a planet that Chuck Norris is on.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	All roads lead to Chuck Norris. And by the transitive property, a roundhouse kick to the face.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Along with his black belt, Chuck Norris often chooses to wear brown shoes. No one has DARED call him on it. Ever.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Archeologists unearthed an old english dictionary dating back to the year 1236. It defined "victim" as "one who has encountered Chuck Norris"
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	As President Roosevelt said: "We have nothing to fear but fear itself. And Chuck Norris."
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	As a teen, Chuck Norris had sex with every nun in a convent tucked away in the hills of Tuscany. Nine months later the nuns gave birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only undefeated and untied team in professional football history.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	As an infant, Chuck Norris' parents gave him a toy hammer. He gave the world Stonehenge.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Before each filming of Walker: Texas Ranger, Chuck Norris is injected with fourteen times the lethal dose of elephant tranquilzer. This is, of course, to limit his strength and mobility, in an attempt to lower the fatality rate of the actors he fights.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Behind every successful man, there is a woman. Behind every dead man, there is Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris CAN believe it's not butter.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris CAN in fact 'raise the roof'. And he can do it with one hand.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris actually built the stairway to heaven.
chuckfacts	work-money	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris actually owns IBM. It was an extremely hostile takeover.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris always knows the EXACT location of Carmen SanDiego.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris and Justin Bieber once had a singing contest, the loser had to never hit puberty.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris and Mr. T walked into a bar. The bar was instantly destroyed, as that level of awesome cannot be contained in one building.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris and Superman once fought each other on a bet. The loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris began selling the Total Gym as an ill-fated attempt to make his day-to-day opponents less laughably pathetic.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris brushes his teeth with a mixture of iron shavings, industrial paint remover, and wood-grain alcohol.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris built a better mousetrap, but the world was too frightened to beat a path to his door.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris built a time machine and went back in time to stop the JFK assassination. As Oswald shot, Chuck met all three bullets with his beard, deflecting them. JFK's head exploded out of sheer amazement.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in.
chuckfacts	tech	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris can be unlocked on the hardest level of Tekken. But only Chuck Norris is skilled enough to unlock himself. Then he roundhouse kicks the Playstation back to Japan.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris can blow bubbles with beef jerky.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris can cut through a hot knife with butter
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris can do a roundhouse kick faster than the speed of light. This means that if you turn on a light switch, you will be dead before the lightbulb turns on.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris can drink an entire gallon of milk in thirty-seven seconds.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris can judge a book by its cover.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris can kick through all 6 degrees of separation, hitting anyone, anywhere, in the face, at any time.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris can light a fire by rubbing two ice-cubes together.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris can sharpen a lightsaber
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris can skeletize a cow in two minutes.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris can taste lies.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris can whistle in five different languages, including sign language
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris can win a game of Trivial Pursuit with one roll of the dice, and without answering a single question... just a nod of the head, and a stroke of the beard.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris can win at solitaire with only 18 cards.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris can't finish a "color by numbers" because his markers are filled with the blood of his victims. Unfortunately, all blood is dark red.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris cannot love, he can only not kill.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris crossed the road. No one has ever dared question his motives.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris describes human beings as "a sociable holder for blood and guts".
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because Chuck Norris only recognizes the element of surprise.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris did in fact, build Rome in a day.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris did not "lose" his virginity, he stalked it and then destroyed it with extreme prejudice.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris does not "style" his hair. It lays perfectly in place out of sheer terror.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris does not eat. Food understands that the only safe haven from Chuck Norris' fists is inside his own body.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris does not get frostbite. Chuck Norris bites frost.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris does not have to answer the phone. His beard picks up the incoming electrical impulses and translates them into audible sound.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris does not hunt because the word hunting implies the probability of failure. Chuck Norris goes killing.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris does not own a house. He walks into random houses and people move.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris does not own a stove, oven, or microwave , because revenge is a dish best served cold.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris does not play the lottery. It doesn't have nearly enough balls.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies. He potato-sacks them.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris does not wear a condom. Because there is no such thing as protection from Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	pun	general	0	Chuck Norris does, in fact, live in a round house.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't actually write books, the words assemble themselves out of fear.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't believe in Germany.
chuckfacts	food	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't believe in ravioli. He stuffs a live turtle with beef and smothers it in pig's blood.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't bowl strikes, he just knocks down one pin and the other nine faint.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't chew gum. Chuck Norris chews tin foil.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't daydream. He's too busy giving other people nightmares.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the sh*t out of it
chuckfacts	tech	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't go on the internet, he has every internet site stored in his memory. He refreshes webpages by blinking.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't have blood. He is filled with magma.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't kill two birds with one stone. Chuck Norris kills all birds, with two stones. The ones in his pants.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't look both ways before he crosses the street... he just roundhouses any cars that get too close.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't own a can opener, he just chews through the can.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't play god. Playing is for children.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't say "who's your daddy", because he knows the answer.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't see dead people. He makes people dead.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't step on toes. Chuck Norris steps on necks.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't stub his toes. He accidentally destroys chairs, bedframes, and sidewalks.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris doesn't throw up if he drinks too much. Chuck Norris throws down!
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris doesnt shave; he kicks himself in the face. The only thing that can cut Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris doesnt wear a watch, HE decides what time it is.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris drinks napalm to quell his heartburn.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris eats beef jerky and craps gunpowder. Then, he uses that gunpowder to make a bullet, which he uses to kill a cow and make more beef jerky. Some people refer to this as the "Circle of Life."
chuckfacts	food	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris eats steak for every single meal. Most times he forgets to kill the cow.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris enjoys a good practical joke. His favorite is where he removes your lower intestine and pretends to make a balloon animal out of it. Then he cracks your skull open with a Volvo for not complimenting him on his balloon animal.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris finished the Never Ending Story.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris got his drivers license at the age of 16. Seconds.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris grinds his coffee with his teeth and boils the water with his own rage.
chuckfacts	nature	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris had to stop washing his clothes in the ocean. The tsunamis were killing people.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris has 12 moons. One of those moons is the Earth.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris has a deep and abiding respect for human life... unless it gets in his way.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris has banned rainbows from the state of North Dakota.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris has counted to infinity. Twice.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris has never been accused of murder for the simple fact that his roundhouse kicks are recognized world-wide as "acts of God."
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris has never been in a fight, ever. Do you call one roundhouse kick to the face a fight?
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris has never won an Academy Award for acting... because he's not acting.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris has the greatest Poker-Face of all time. He won the 1983 World Series of Poker, despite holding only a Joker, a Get out of Jail Free Monopoloy card, a 2 of clubs, 7 of spades and a green #4 card from the game UNO.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris has to register every part of his body as a separate lethal weapon. His spleen is considered a concealed weapon in over 50 states.
chuckfacts	faith	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris has volunteered to remain on earth after the Rapture; he will spend his time fighting the Anti-Christ.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris invented all 32 letters of the alphabet.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris invented black. In fact, he invented the entire spectrum of visible light. Except pink. Tom Cruise invented pink.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris invented his own type of karate. It's called Chuck-Will-Kill.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris invented the bolt-action rifle, liquor, sexual intercourse, and football-- in that order.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris is a vegetarian. Meaning, he does not eat animals until first he puts them into vegetative state with his fists.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris is currently suing NBC, claiming Law and Order are trademarked names for his left and right legs.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris is currently suing myspace for taking the name of what he calls everything around you.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris is expected to win gold in every swimming competition at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, even though Chuck Norris does not swim. This is because when Chuck Norris enters the water, the water gets out of his way and Chuck Norris simply walks across the pool floor.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris is his own line at the DMV.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris is not Irish. His hair is soaked in the blood of his victims.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris is not Politically Correct. He is just Correct. Always.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris is responsible for China's over-population. He hosted a Karate tournament in Beijing and all women within 1,000 miles became pregnant instantly.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris is so fast, he can run around the world and punch himself in the back of the head.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris is the only man who has, literally, beaten the odds. With his fists.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris is the only person in the world that can actually email a roundhouse kick.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris is the only person to ever win a staring contest against Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder at the same time.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris is the only person who can simultaneously hold and fire FIVE Uzis: One in each hand, one in each foot -- and the 5th one he roundhouse-kicks into the air, so that it sprays bullets.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
chuckfacts	society	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris is widely predicted to be first black president. If you're thinking to yourself, "But Chuck Norris isn't black", then you are dead wrong. And stop being a racist.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris just says "no" to drugs. If he said "yes", it would collapse Colombia's infrastructure.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris keeps his friends close and his enemies closer. Close enough to drop them with one round house kick to the face.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris kills anyone that asks, "You want fries with that" because by now everyone should know that Chuck doesn't ever want fries with anything. Ever.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris knows everything there is to know - Except for the definition of mercy.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris knows the last digit of pi.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris likes his coffee half and half: half coffee grounds, half wood-grain alcohol.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris likes his ice like he likes his skulls: crushed.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris made a Happy Meal cry.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris neither melts in your mouth nor in your hand. He shreds your trachea before ravaging your soul with a combination of chocolate, whickey, roundhouse kicks and death. Oh, and pain. Lots of pain.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris never goes to the dentist because his teeth are unbreakable. His enemies never go to the dentist because they have no teeth.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris never has to wax his skis because they're always slick with blood.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris never loses at dodgeball because the ball wants to dodge Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris never wet his bed as a child. The bed wet itself out of fear.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris once ate a whole cake before his friends could tell him there was a stripper in it.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris once ate four 30lb bowling balls without chewing.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris once created a flamethrower by urinating into a lighter.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris once got bit by a rattle snake........ After three days of pain and agony ..................the rattle snake died
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris once had sex with a cigarette machine in the Osaka airport.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris once invited all of the other badasses from TV to duke it out in order to see who was the supreme badass. Only two showed up-- Jack Bauer and MacGyver.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris once lost the remote, but maintained control of the TV by yelling at it in between bites of his "Filet of Child" sandwich.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris once ordered a steak in a restaurant. The steak did what it was told.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris once participated in the running of the bulls. He walked.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris once pulled out a single hair from his beard and skewered three men through the heart with it.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris once rode a bull, and nine months later it had a calf.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris once rode a nine foot grizzly bear through an automatic car wash, instead of taking a shower.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris once round-house kicked a salesman. Over the phone.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris once roundhouse-kicked a ten dollar bill into 200 nickels.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris once shat blood - the blood of 11,940 natives he had killed and eaten.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris once skewered a man with the Eiffel tower.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris once sued Burger King after they refused to put razor wire in his Whopper Jr, insisting that that actually is "his" way.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris once sued the Houghton-Mifflin textbook company when it became apparent that their account of the war of 1812 was plagiarized from his autobiography.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke....that truck is now known as Optimus Prime.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris once went skydiving, but promised never to do it again. One Grand Canyon is enough.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris once worked as a weatherman for the San Diego evening news. Every night he would make the same forecast: Partly cloudy with a 75% chance of Pain.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris ordered a Big Mac at Burger King, and got one.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris originally wrote the first dictionary. The definition for each word is as follows - A swift roundhouse kick to the face.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris owns a chain of fast-food restaurants throughout the southwest. They serve nothing but barbecue-flavored ice cream and Hot Pockets.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris played Russian Roulette with a fully loaded gun and won.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris plays racquetball with a waffle iron and a bowling ball.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris proved that we are alone in the universe. We weren't before his first space expedition.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris qualified with a top speed of 324 mph at the Daytona 500, without a car.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris recently had the idea to sell his urine as a canned beverage. We know this beverage as Red Bull.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks don't really kill people. They wipe out their entire existence from the space-time continuum.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris runs on batteries. Specifically, Die Hards.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris sheds his skin twice a year.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris shot the sheriff, but he round house kicked the deputy.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris smells what the Rock is cooking... because the Rock is Chuck Norris' personal chef.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris starts everyday with a protein shake made from Carnation Instant Breakfast, one dozen eggs, pure Colombian cocaine, and rattlesnake venom. He injects it directly into his neck with a syringe.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 people, then the grenade exploded.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris used to play baseball. When Babe Ruth was hailed as the better player, Chuck Norris killed him with a baseball bat to the throat. Lou Gehrig got off easy.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris uses 8'x10' sheets of plywood as toilet paper.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris uses a night light. Not because Chuck Norris is afraid of the dark, but the dark is afraid of Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris uses tabasco sauce instead of visine.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris was banned from competitive bullriding after a 1992 exhibition in San Antonio, when he rode the bull 1,346 miles from Texas to Milwaukee Wisconsin to pick up his dry cleaning.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris was in all 6 Star Wars movies............... As The Force.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris was once in a knife fight, and the knife lost.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris was once on Jeopardy. This show is notable in that it was the first occasion in Jeopardy history that Alex Trebek had appeared without a mustache. And a head.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris was once stabbed by a knife, the knife bled to death.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris was once struck by lightning...Thats why lightning never strikes the same place twice...because Chuck Norris is looking for it...
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris was the orginal sculptor of Mount Rushmore. He completed the entire project using only a bottle opener and a drywall trowel.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris was what Willis was talkin' about.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris wears a live rattlesnake as a condom.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris won at connect four....On the opponents turn...
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris' Roundhouse kick is so powerful, that on the set of Sidekicks he single-footedly destroyed Jonathan Brandis' Career.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris' credit cards have no limit. Last weekend, he maxed them out.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Chuck Norris' favorite cereal is Kellogg's Nails 'N' Gravel.
chuckfacts	food	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris' favourite cut of meat is the roundhouse.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris' first job was as a paperboy. There were no survivors.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris' house has no doors, only walls that he walks through.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris' pulse is measured on the richter scale.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick is so powerful, it can be seen from outer space by the naked eye.
chuckfacts	life	insult	general	0	Chuck Norris' sperm can be seen with the naked eye. Each one is the size of a quarter.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Chuck Norris' sperm is so badass, he had sex with Nicole Kidman, and 7 months later she prematurely gave birth to a Ford Excursion.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried. Ever.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris's show is called Walker: Texas Ranger, because Chuck Norris doesn't run.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Chuck Norris's version of a "chocolate milkshake" is a raw porterhouse wrapped around ten Hershey bars, and doused in diesel fuel.
chuckfacts	society	quip	general	0	Contrary to popular belief, America is not a democracy, it is a Chucktatorship.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Contrary to popular belief, the Titanic didn't hit an iceberg. The ship was off course and accidentally ran into Chuck Norris while he was doing the backstroke across the Atlantic.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Contrary to popular belief, there is indeed enough Chuck Norris to go around.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Count from one to ten. That's how long it would take Chuck Norris to kill you...Fourty seven times.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Diamonds are not, despite popular belief, carbon. They are, in fact, Chuck Norris fecal matter. This was proven a recently, when scientific analysis revealed what appeared to be Jean-Claude Van Damme bone fragments inside the Hope Diamond.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Do you know why Baskin Robbins only has 31 flavors? Because Chuck Norris doesn't like Fudge Ripple.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	During the Vietnam War, Chuck Norris allowed himself to be captured. For torture, they made him eat his own entrails. He asked for seconds.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Every time Chuck Norris smiles, someone dies. Unless he smiles while he's roundhouse kicking someone in the face. Then two people die.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Every time someone uses the word "intense", Chuck Norris always replies "you know what else is intense?" followed by a roundhouse kick to the face.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Everybody loves Raymond. Except Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Everything King Midas touches turnes to gold. Everything Chuck Norris touches turns up dead.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Fact: Chuck Norris doesn't consider it sex if the woman survives.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Fear is not the only emotion Chuck Norris can smell. He can also detect hope, as in "I hope I don't get a roundhouse kick from Chuck Norris."
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Fear of spiders is aracnaphobia, fear of tight spaces is chlaustraphobia, fear of Chuck Norris is called Logic
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	For Chuck Norris, every street is "one way". HIS WAY.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	For Spring Break '05, Chuck Norris drove to Madagascar, riding a chariot pulled by two electric eels.
chuckfacts	arts	dark	general	0	For every movie about Vietnam starring Chuck Norris, the historical duration of the war decreases. Just 3 more "Missing in Action" sequels, and that war will have never actually existed.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	For most people, home is where the heart is. For Chuck Norris, home is where he stores his collection of human skulls.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	For undercover police work, Chuck Norris pins his badge underneath his shirt, directly into his chest.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Godzilla is a Japanese rendition of Chuck Norris' first visit to Tokyo.
chuckfacts	tech	joke	general	0	Google won't search for Chuck Norris because it knows you don't find Chuck Norris, he finds you.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Guantuanamo Bay, Cuba, is the military code-word for "Chuck Norris' basement".
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Guns are warned not to play with Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	He who lives by the sword, dies by the sword. He who lives by Chuck Norris, dies by the roundhouse kick.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	He, who laughs last, laughs best. He who laughs at Chuck Norris ? dies.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Hellen Keller's favorite color is Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	How many roundhouse kicks does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop? Just one. From Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? ...All of it.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Human cloning is outlawed because if Chuck Norris were cloned, then it would be possible for a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick to meet another chuck Norris roundhouse kick. Physicists theorize that this contact would end the universe.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	If Chuck Norris had performed in 300, the film would be called 1.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	If Chuck Norris round-house kicks you, you will die. If Chuck Norris' misses you with the round-house kick, the wind behind the kick will tear out your pancreas.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	If Chuck Norris wants your opinion, he'll beat it into you.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	If a tree falls in the forest, does anybody hear? Yes. Chuck Norris hears it. Chuck Norris can hear everything. Chuck Norris can hear the shrieking terror in your soul.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	If at first you don't succeed, you're not Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	If tapped, a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick could power the country of Australia for 44 minutes.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	If you add Chuck Norris to your friends list, all your other friends will instantly dissapear. You don't need them anymore.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	If you can see Chuck Norris, he can see you. If you can't see Chuck Norris, you may be only seconds away from death.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	If you rearrange the letters in "Chuck Norris", they also spell "Crush Rock In". The words "with his fists" are understood.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	If you were somehow able to land a punch on Chuck Norris your entire arm would shatter upon impact. This is only in theory, since, come on, who in their right mind would try this?
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	If you work in an office with Chuck Norris, don't ask him for his three-hole-punch.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	If you're driving down the road and you think Chuck Norris just cut you off, you better thank your lucky stars it wasn't the other way around.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	If, by some incredible space-time paradox, Chuck Norris would ever fight himself, he'd win. Period.
chuckfacts	society	quip	general	0	In 1990, Chuck Norris founded the non-profit organization "Kick Drugs Out of America". If the organization's name were "Roundhouse Kick Drugs out of America", there wouldn't be any drugs in the Western Hemisphere. Anywhere.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	In a fight between Batman and Darth Vader, the winner would be Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	In a recent survey it was discovered the 94% of American women lost their virginity to Chuck Norris. The other 6% were incredibly fat or ugly.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	In a tagteam match, Chuck Norris was teamed with Hulk Hogan against King Kong Bundy and Andre The Giant. He pinned all 3 at the same time.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	In ancient China there is a legend that one day a child will be born from a dragon, grow to be a man, and vanquish evil from the land. That man is not Chuck Norris, because Chuck Norris killed that man.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	In fine print on the last page of the Guinness Book of World Records it notes that all world records are held by Chuck Norris, and those listed in the book are simply the closest anyone else has ever gotten.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	In honor of Chuck Norris, all McDonald's in Texas have an even larger size than the super-size. When ordering, just ask to be "Norrisized".
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	In the Words of Julius Caesar, "Veni, Vidi, Vici, Chuck Norris". Translation: I came, I saw, and I was roundhouse-kicked inthe face by Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	In the X-Men movies, none of the X-Men super-powers are done with special effects. Chuck Norris is the stuntman for every character.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	In the beginning there was nothing...then Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked that nothing in the face and said "Get a job". That is the story of the universe.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	In the first Jurassic Park movie, the Tyrannosaurus Rex wasn't chasing the jeep. Chuck Norris was chasing the Tyrannosaurus AND the jeep.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	In the medical community, death is referred to as "Chuck Norris Disease"
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	In the movie "The Matrix", Chuck Norris is the Matrix. If you pay close attention in the green "falling code" scenes, you can make out the faint texture of his beard.
chuckfacts	nature	dark	general	0	Industrial logging isn't the cause of deforestation. Chuck Norris needs toothpicks.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Instead of having a cigarette after sex, Chuck Norris heads outside and brands his cattle.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	It is believed dinosaurs are extinct due to a giant meteor. That's true if you want to call Chuck Norris a giant meteor.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	It is better to give than to receive. This is especially true of a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	It is said that looking into Chuck Norris' eyes will reveal your future. Unfortunately, everybody's future is always the same: death by a roundhouse-kick to the face.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	It is scientifically impossible for Chuck Norris to have had a mortal father. The most popular theory is that he went back in time and fathered himself.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	It takes 14 puppeteers to make Chuck Norris smile, but only 2 to make him destroy an orphanage.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	It takes Chuck Norris 20 minutes to watch 60 Minutes.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	It's widely believed that Jesus was Chuck Norris' stunt double for crucifixion due to the fact that it is impossible for nails to pierce Chuck Norris' skin.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Jack Bauer tried to use his detailed knowledge of torture techniques, but to no avail: Chuck Norris thrives on pain. Chuck Norris then ripped off Jack Bauer's arm and beat him to death with it. Game, set, match.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	James Cameron wanted Chuck Norris to play the Terminator. However, upon reflection, he realized that would have turned his movie into a documentary, so he went with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
chuckfacts	faith	quip	general	0	Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can walk on Jesus.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	July 4th is Independence day. And the day Chuck Norris was born. Coincidence? i think not.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Kenny G is allowed to live because Chuck Norris doesn't kill women.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Kryptonite has been found to contain trace elements of Chuck Norris roundhouse kicks to the face. This is why it is so deadly to Superman.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Life is not, in fact, like a box of chocolates. It is more like a box of Chuck Norris, roundhouse kicking you in the face. And if you receive a box of Chuck Norris, you ALWAYS know what you are going to get.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Little Miss Muffet sat on her tuffet, until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked her into a glacier.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Little known medical fact: Chuck Norris invented the Caesarean section when he roundhouse-kicked his way out of his monther's womb.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Love does not hurt. Chuck Norris does.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	MacGyver can build an airplane out of gum and paper clips, but Chuck Norris can roundhouse-kick his head through a wall and take it.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	MacGyver immediately tried to make a bomb out of some Q-Tips and Gatorade, but Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked him in the solar plexus. MacGyver promptly threw up his own heart.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Maslow's theory of higher needs does not apply to Chuck Norris. He only has two needs: killing people and finding people to kill.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Most boots are made for walkin'. Chuck Norris' boots ain't that merciful.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Most people fear the Reaper. Chuck Norris considers him "a promising Rookie".
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Most people know that Descarte said, "I think, therefore I am." What most people don't know is that that quote continues, "...afraid of Chuck Norris."
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Nagasaki never had a bomb dropped on it. Chuck Norris jumped out of a plane and punched the ground.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Newton's Third Law is wrong: Although it states that for each action, there is an equal and opposite reaction, there is no force equal in reaction to a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Ninjas want to grow up to be just like Chuck Norris. But usually they grow up just to be killed by Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Noah was the only man notified before Chuck Norris relieved himself in the Atlantic Ocean.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Nobody doesn't like Sara Lee. Except Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Not everyone that Chuck Norris is mad at gets killed. Some get away. They are called astronauts.
chuckfacts	science	joke	general	0	Nothing can escape the gravity of a black hole, except for Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris eats black holes. They taste like chicken.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	On his birthday, Chuck Norris randomly selects one lucky child to be thrown into the sun.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	One day Chuck Norris walked down the street with a massive erection. There were no survivors.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	One time, Chuck Norris accidentally stubbed his toe. It destroyed the entire state of Ohio.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	One time, at band camp, Chuck Norris ate a percussionist.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Only Chuck Norris can prevent forest fires.
chuckfacts	science	joke	general	0	Outer space exists because it's afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Ozzy Osbourne bites the heads off of bats. Chuck Norris bites the heads off of Siberian Tigers.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Paper beats rock, rock beats scissors, and scissors beats paper, but Chuck Norris beats all 3 at the same time.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	President Roosevelt once rode his horse 100 miles. Chuck Norris carried his the same distance in half the time.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Q: How many Chuck Norris' does it take to change a light bulb?
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Remember The Ultimate Warrior? He quit wrestling because Chuck Norris wanted his nickname back.
chuckfacts	society	quip	general	0	Remember the Soviet Union? They decided to quit after watching a DeltaForce marathon on Satellite TV.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Rules of fighting: 1) Don't bring a knife to a gun fight. 2) Don't bring a gun to a Chuck Norris fight.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Saddam Hussein was not found hiding in a "hole." Saddam was roundhouse-kicked in the head by Chuck Norris in Kansas, which sent him through the earth, stopping just short of the surface of Iraq.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Scientifically speaking, it is impossible to charge Chuck Norris with "obstruction of justice." This is because even Chuck Norris cannot be in two places at the same time.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Scientists have estimated that the energy given off during the Big Bang is roughly equal to 1CNRhK (Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick)
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Scotty in Star Trek often says "Ye cannae change the laws of physics." This is untrue. Chuck Norris can change the laws of physics. With his fists.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	Simply by pulling on both ends, Chuck Norris can stretch diamonds back into coal.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Since 1940, the year Chuck Norris was born, roundhouse-kick related deaths have increased 13,000 percent.�
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Some kids play Kick the can. Chuck Norris played Kick the keg.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Some people ask for a Kleenex when they sneeze, Chuck Norris asks for a body bag.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Some people like to eat frogs' legs. Chuck Norris likes to eat lizard legs. Hence, snakes.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Staring at Chuck Norris for extended periods of time without proper eye protection will cause blindess, and possibly foot sized brusies on the face.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Sticks and stones may break your bones, but a Chuck Norris glare will liquefy your kidneys.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	TNT was originally developed by Chuck Norris to cure indigestion.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	That's not Chuck Norris doing push-ups -- that's Chuck Norris moving the Earth away from the path of a deadly asteroid.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	The 1972 Miami Dolphins lost one game, it was an exhibition game vs. Chuck Norris and three seven year old girls. Chuck Norris won with a roundhouse-kick to the face in overtime.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	The Bermuda Triangle used to be the Bermuda Square, until Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked one of the corners off.
chuckfacts	faith	quip	general	0	The Bible was originally titled "Chuck Norris and Friends"
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The Drummer for Def Leppard's only got one arm. Chuck Norris needed a back scratcher.
chuckfacts	science	joke	general	0	The First Law of Thermodynamics states that energy can neither be created nor destroyed... unless it meets Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	The First rule of Chuck Norris is: you do not talk about Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The Manhattan Project was not intended to create nuclear weapons, it was meant to recreate the destructive power in a Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick. They didn't even come close.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The US did not boycott the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow due to political reasons: Chuck Norris killed the entire US team with a single round-house kick during TaeKwonDo practice.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The air around Chuck Norris is always a balmy 78 degrees.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The best part of waking up, is not Folgers in your cup, but knowing that Chuck Norris didn't kill you in your sleep.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The best-laid plans of mice and men often go awry. Even the worst-laid plans of Chuck Norris come off without a hitch.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	The chemical formula for the highly toxic cyanide ion is CN-. These are also Chuck Norris' initials. This is not a coincidence.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	The chief export of Chuck Norris is pain.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	The crossing lights in Chuck Norris's home town say "Die slowly" and "die quickly". They each have a picture of Chuck Norris punching or kicking a pedestrian.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The easiest way to determine Chuck Norris' age is to cut him in half and count the rings.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	The grass is always greener on the other side, unless Chuck Norris has been there. In that case the grass is most likely soaked in blood and tears.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	The last thing you hear before Chuck Norris gives you a roundhouse kick? No one knows because dead men tell no tales.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The only sure things are Death and Taxes?and when Chuck Norris goes to work for the IRS, they'll be the same thing.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The only time Chuck Norris was wrong was when he thought he made a mistake
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris. The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
chuckfacts	arts	quip	general	0	The original title for Star Wars was "Skywalker: Texas Ranger". Starring Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The pen is mighter than the sword, but only if the pen is held by Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The phrase 'balls to the wall' was originally conceived to describe Chuck Norris entering any building smaller than an aircraft hangar.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The phrase 'break a leg' was originally coined by Chuck Norris's co-stars in Walker, Texas Ranger as a good luck charm indicating that a broken leg might be the worst extent of their injuries. This never proved to be the case.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	The phrase 'dead ringer' refers to someone who sits behind Chuck Norris in a movie theater and forgets to turn their cell phone off.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	The pie scene in "American Pie" is based on a dare Chuck Norris took when he was younger. However, in Chuck Norris' case, the "pie" was the molten crater of an active volcano.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	The show Survivor had the original premise of putting people on an island with Chuck Norris. There were no survivors, and nobody is brave enough to go to the island to retrieve the footage.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The square root of Chuck Norris is pain. Do not try to square Chuck Norris, the result is death.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The term "Cleveland Steamer" got its name from Chuck Norris, when he took a dump while visiting the Rock and Roll Hall of fame and buried northern Ohio under a glacier of fecal matter.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	The truth will set you free. Unless Chuck Norris has you, in which case, forget it buddy!
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	The word 'Kill' was invented by Chuck Norris. Other words were 'Die', 'Beer', and 'What'.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	There are no races, only countries of people Chuck Norris has beaten to different shades of black and blue.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	There are no steroids in baseball. Just players Chuck Norris has breathed on.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	There are no such things as tornados. Chuck Norris just hates trailer parks.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	There are no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq, Chuck Norris lives in Oklahoma.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	There are now five cup sizes at Starbucks: Short, Tall, Grande, Venti, and Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	There are only two things that can cut diamonds: other diamonds, and Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	There are two types of people in the world... people that suck, and Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	There is endless debate about the existence of the human soul. Well it does exist, and Chuck Norris finds it delicious.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	There is no chin behind Chuck Norris' beard. There is only another fist.
chuckfacts	life	insult	general	0	There is no such thing as a lesbian, just a woman who has never met Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	There is no such thing as global warming. Chuck Norris was cold, so he turned the sun up.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals Chuck Norris allows to live.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of creatures Chuck Norris has allowed to live.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	There's an order to the universe: space, time, Chuck Norris.... Just kidding, Chuck Norris is first.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	They say curiosity killed the cat. This is false. Chuck Norris killed the cat. Every single one of them.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	They were going to release a Chuck Norris edition of Clue, but the answer always turns out to be "Chuck Norris. In The Library. With a Roundhouse Kick."
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Think of a hot woman. Chuck Norris did her.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Thousands of years ago Chuck Norris came across a bear. It was so terrified that it fled north into the arctic. It was also so terrified that all of its decendents now have white hair.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	To be or not to be? That is the question. The answer? Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Tom Clancy has to pay royalties to Chuck Norris because "The Sum of All Fears" is the name of Chuck Norris' autobiography.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Two wrongs don't make a right. Unless you're Chuck Norris. Then two wrongs make a roundhouse kick to the face.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Using his trademark roundhouse kick, Chuck Norris once made a fieldgoal in RJ Stadium in Tampa Bay from the 50 yard line of Qualcomm stadium in San Diego.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	We live in an expanding universe. All of it is trying to get away from Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	What many people dont know is Chuck Norris is the founder of planned parenthood. Not even unborn children can escape his wrath.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	When Arnold says the line "I'll be back" in the first Terminator movie it is implied that is he going to ask Chuck Norris for help.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	When Bruce Banner gets mad, he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad, he turns into Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	When Chuck Norris calls 1-900 numbers, he doesnt get charged. He holds up the phone and money falls out.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	When Chuck Norris does division, there are no remainders.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	When Chuck Norris falls in water, Chuck Norris doesn't get wet. Water gets Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	When Chuck Norris goes to donate blood, he declines the syringe, and instead requests a hand gun and a bucket.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	When Chuck Norris goes to out to eat, he orders a whole chicken, but he only eats its soul.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	When Chuck Norris has sex with a man, it won't be because he is gay. It will be because he has run out of women.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	When Chuck Norris is in a crowded area, he doesn't walk around people. He walks through them.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	When Chuck Norris makes a burrito, its main ingredient is real toes.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	When Chuck Norris plays Monopoly, it affects the actual world economy.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	When Chuck Norris plays Oregon Trail, his family does not die from cholera or dysentery, but rather, roundhouse kicks to the face. He also requires no wagon, since he carries the oxen, axels, and buffalo meat on his back. He always makes it to Oregon before you.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	When Chuck Norris talks, everybody listens. And dies.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	When Chuck Norris wants an egg, he cracks open a chicken.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	When Chuck Norris was a baby, he didn't suck his mother's breast. His mother served him whiskey, straight out of the bottle.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	When Chuck Norris was born, he immediately had sex with the first nurse he saw. He was her first. She was his third. That afternoon.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	When Chuck Norris was denied an Egg McMuffin at McDonald's because it was 10:35, he roundhouse kicked the store so hard it became a Wendy's.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	When Chuck Norris works out on the Total Gym, the Total Gym feels like it's been raped.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	When Chuck crosses the street, the cars have to look both ways.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	When God said, "let there be light", Chuck Norris said, "say 'please'."
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	When J. Robert Oppenheimer said "I am become death, the destroyer Of worlds", He was not referring to the atomic bomb. He was referring to the Chuck Norris halloween costume he was wearing.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	When Steven Seagal kills a ninja, he only takes its hide. When Chuck Norris kills a ninja, he uses every part.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	When an episode of Walker Texas Ranger was aired in France, the French surrendered to Chuck Norris just to be on the safe side.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	When in a bar, you can order a drink called a "Chuck Norris". It is also known as a "Bloody Mary", if your name happens to be Mary.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	When taking the SAT, write "Chuck Norris" for every answer. You will score over 8000.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	When you play Monopoly with Chuck Norris, you do not pass go, and you do not collect two hundred dollars. You will be lucky if you make it out alive.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	When you say "no one's perfect", Chuck Norris takes this as a personal insult.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	When you're Chuck Norris, anything + anything is equal to 1. One roundhouse kick to the face.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	While urinating, Chuck Norris is easily capable of welding titanium.
chuckfacts	life	joke	general	0	Who let the dogs out? Chuck Norris let the dogs out... and then roundhouse kicked them through an Oldsmobile.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Whoever said "only the good die young" was probably in Chuck Norris's kindergarten class.
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	Wilt Chamberlain claims to have slept with more than 20,000 women in his lifetime. Chuck Norris calls this "a slow Tuesday."
chuckfacts	life	quip	general	0	With the rising cost of gasoline, Chuck Norris is beginning to worry about his drinking habit.
chuckfacts	life	dark	general	0	You know how they say if you die in your dream then you will die in real life? In actuality, if you dream of death then Chuck Norris will find you and kill you.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	A comfort zone is a magical place where nothing ever grows.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Act boldly and unseen forces will come to your aid.
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	All that we are is a result of what we have thought.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	All the answers you need are right there in front of you!
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	All the effort you are making will ultimately pay off.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	All the little things will add to a happy journey.
actualcookies	work-money	uplifting	general	0	All your hard work will soon pay off.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	All your sorrows will vanish.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Although it feels like a roller coaster now, life will calm down.
actualcookies	food	quip	general	0	Always finish what you start especially if you're at a buffet.
actualcookies	food	quip	general	0	Always go the extra mile, because you don't know if the next one has dim sum.
actualcookies	life	aphorism	general	0	Always look ahead to reach your goals, only look down when you have stepped on something along the way.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	An important person will offer you support.
actualcookies	work-money	wisdom	general	0	An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	An investment in yourself will pay dividends for the rest of your life.
actualcookies	life	quip	general	0	An old wish will come true.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	An unexpected check or fortune will arrive today.
actualcookies	life	quip	general	0	An unexpected event will bring you riches.
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	An upset is an opportunity to see the truth.
actualcookies	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Any job, big or small; do it right, or not at all.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Any rough times are behind you.
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	Anyone can memorize things, but the important thing is to understand.
actualcookies	life	aphorism	general	0	Ask advice, but use your own common sense.
actualcookies	life	quip	general	0	Ask yourself this question: \"Is my attitude worth catching?\"
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Attitude is a little thing that makes a BIG difference.
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	Balance life with a little sweet & sour.
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	Before you wonder \"Am I doing things right,\" ask \"Am I doing the right things?\"
actualcookies	life	aphorism	general	0	Behavior is a mirror in which everyone shows his own image.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Believe in your abilities, confidence will lead you on.
actualcookies	life	aphorism	general	0	Better ask twice than lose yourself once.
actualcookies	work-money	quip	general	0	Business is a lot like playing tennis; if you don't serve well, you lose.
actualcookies	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Buy things because you need them, not because they are on sale.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Call an old friend today.
actualcookies	life	aphorism	general	0	Common sense is instinct. Enough of it is genius.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Creative energy is up - capitalize on it.
actualcookies	life	aphorism	general	0	Curiosity kills boredom. Nothing can kill curiosity.
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't fret. All your friends will be able to zig whenever you zag.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Don't get so caught up in the daily grind that you never find any time to enjoy yourself.
actualcookies	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't put all your eggs in one basket.
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't repay a kindness, pass it on.
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't scrap everything! See what you can salvage.
actualcookies	food	pun	general	0	Eat, drink and be merry, for tomorrow you may diet.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Everything you are against weakens you. Everything you are for empowers you.
actualcookies	life	aphorism	general	0	Examine the situation before you act impulsively.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Expect a change for the better.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Expect great things, and great things will come.
actualcookies	life	aphorism	general	0	Failure is the tuition you pay for success.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Fight for it. You will come out on the top.
actualcookies	life	quip	general	0	Financial hardship in your life is coming to an end!
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Follow the advice of your heart.
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	Follow the middle path. Neither extreme will make you happy.
actualcookies	arts	wisdom	general	0	Genius is eternal patience.
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	Give yourself a break before you breakdown.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Go confidently in the direction of your dreams.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Go take a rest; you deserve it.
actualcookies	life	aphorism	general	0	Happiness is enjoying what you got. Never from what you want.
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	Happiness is not a reward, it's a consequence.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Ideas you believe are absurd ultimately lead to success!
actualcookies	life	aphorism	general	0	If a man has common sense, he has all the sense there is.
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	If a true sense of value is to be yours it must come through service.
actualcookies	life	quip	general	0	If absolute can be defined, then absolute is not absolute anymore.
actualcookies	life	wisdom	general	0	If you bite the hand that feeds you, it won't taste as good as the food you were fed.
actualcookies	life	aphorism	general	0	If you don't fight for what you want, don't cry for what you lost.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Imagine your ideals, then make them real.
actualcookies	life	uplifting	general	0	Inspiration within is waiting for you. It's time to go deep.
actualcookies	food	quip	general	0	Money can't buy you happiness, but it can get you take out.
actualcookies	work-money	quip	general	0	Nothing is impossible. Except Monday mornings.
actualcookies	life	quip	general	0	Patience is a virtue, unless you're at the DMV.
actualcookies	life	aphorism	general	0	Take your time today so you won't walk in mud.
actualcookies	life	aphorism	general	0	When opportunity knocks make sure you don't have your head-phones on.
actualcookies	life	quip	general	0	You are not illiterate.
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 1. Once you have their money, never give it back
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 10. A dead customer can't buy as much as a live one
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 100. Everything that has no owner, needs one
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 101. Never do something you can make someone do for you
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 102. Nature decays, but Latinum lasts forever
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 103. Sleep can interfere with opportunity
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 104. Money is never made. It is merely won or lost
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 105. Wise men don't lie, they just bend the truth
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 106. There is no honor in poverty
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 107. Win or lose, there's always Huyperian Beetle Snuff
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 108. A woman wearing clothes is like a man without profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 109. Dignity and an empty sack is worth the sack
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 11. Latinum isn't the only thing that shines
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 110. Only a fool passes up a business opportunity
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 111. Treat people in your debt like family ... exploit them
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 112. Never sleep with the boss's wife unless you pay him first
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 113. Never sleep with the boss's sister
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 114. Small print lead to large risk
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 115. Greed is eternal
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 116. There's always a way out
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 117. If the profit seems too good to be true, it usually is
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 118. Never cheat a honest man offering a decent price
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 119. Buy, sell, or get out of the way
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 12. Anything worth selling is worth selling twice
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 120. Even a blind man can recognize the glow of Latinum
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 121. Everything is for sale, even friendship
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 122. As the customers go, so goes the wise profiteer
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 123. A friend is only a friend until you sell him something. Then he is a customer
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 124. Friendship is temporary, profit is forever
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 125. A lie isn't a lie until someone else knows the truth
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 126. A lie isn't a lie, it's just the truth seen from a different point of view
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 127. Gratitude can bring on generosity
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 128. Ferengi are not responsible for the stupidity of other races
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 129. Never trust your customers
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 13. Anything worth doing is worth doing for money
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 130. Never trust a beneficiary
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 131. If it gets you profit, sell your own mother
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 132. The flimsier the produce, the higher the price
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 133. Never judge a customer by the size of his wallet ... sometimes good things come in small packages
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 134. There's always a catch
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 135. The only value of a collectible is what you can get somebody else to pay for it
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 136. The sharp knife cuts quickly. Act without delay!
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 137. Necessity is the mother of invention. Profit is the father
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 138. Law makes everyone equal, but justice goes to the highest bidder
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 139. Wives serve; brother inherit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 14. Anything stolen is pure profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 140. The answer to quick and easy profit is: buy for less, sell for more
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 141. Competition and fair play are mutually exclusive. Fait play and financial loss go hand-in-hand
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 142. A Ferengi waits to bid until his opponents have exhausted themselves
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	family	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 143. The family of Fools is ancient
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 144. There's nothing wrong with charity ... as long as it winds up in your pocket
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 145. Always ask for the costs first
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 146. If possible sell neither the sizzle nor the steak, but the Elphasian wheat germ
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 147. New customers are like razor toothed gree worms. They can be succulent, but sometimes they bite back
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 148. Opportunity waits for no one
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 149. Females and finances don't mix
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 15. Acting stupid is often smart
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 150. Make your shop easy to find
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 151. Sometimes, what you get free costs entirely too much
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 152. Ask not what your profits can do for you; ask what you can do for your profits
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 153. You can't free a fish from water
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 154. The difference between manure and Latinum is commerce
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 155. What's mine is mine, and what's yours is mine too
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 156. Even in the worst of times someone turns a profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 157. You are surrounded by opportunities; you just have to know where to look
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 158. Don't pay until you have the goods
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 159. The customer is always right ... until you have their cash
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 16. A deal is a deal ... until a better one comes along
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 160. Respect is good, Latinum is better
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 161. Never kill a customer, unless you make more profit out of his death than out of his life
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 162. His money is only your's when he can't get it back
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 163. A thirsty customer is good for profit, a drunk one isn't
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 164. Never spend your own money when you can spend someone else's
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 165. Never allow one's culture's law to get in the way of a universal goal: profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 166. Never give away for free what can be sold
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 167. If a deal is fairly and lawfully made, then seeking revenge especially unprofitable revenge, is illegal
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 168. Beware of relatives bearing gifts
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	aphorism	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 169. If you're going to have to endure, make yourself comfortable
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 17. A bargain usually isn't
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 170. Never gamble with an empath
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 171. Time is Latinum. The early Ferengi get the Latinum
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 172. If you can sell it, don't hsitate to steal it
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 173. A piece of Latinum in the hand is worth two in a customer's pocket
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 174. Share and perish
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 175. When everything fails - run
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 176. Ferengi's don't give promotional gifts!
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 177. Know your enemies ... but do business with them always
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 178. The world is a stage - don't forget to demand admission
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 179. Whenever you think that things can't get worse, the FCA will be knocking on you door
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 18. A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 180. Never offer a confession when a bribe will do
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 181. Even dishonesty can't tarnish the glow of Latinum
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 182. Whenever you're being asked if you are god, the right answer is YES
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 183. Genius without opportunity is like Latinum in the mine
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 184. There are three things you must not talk to aliens: sex, religion and taxes
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 185. If you want to ruin yourself there are three known ways: Gambling is the fastest, women are the sweetest, and banks are the most reliable way
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 186. There are two things that will catch up with you for sure: death and taxes
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	love	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 187. If your dancing partner wants to lead at all costs, let her have her own way and ask another one to dance
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 188. Never bet on a race you haven't fixed
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 189. Borrow on a handshake; lend in writing
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 19. Don't lie too soon after a promotion
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 190. Drive your business or it will drive you
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 191. Let other keep their reputation. You keep their money
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 192. If the flushing isn't strong enough, use your brain and try the brush
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 193. Klingon women don't dance tango
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 194. It's always good business to know about new customers before they walk in your door
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 195. Wounds heal, but debt is forever
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 196. Only give money to people you know you can steal from
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 197. Never trust your customers, especially if they are your relatives
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 198. Employees are the rungs on your ladder to success - don't hesitate to step on them
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 199. The secret of one person is another person's opportunity
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 2. You can't cheat an honest customer, but it never hurts to try
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 20. When the customer is sweating, turn up the heat
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 200. A madman with Latinum means profit without return
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 201. The justification for profit is profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 202. a) A friend in need is a customer in the making b) A friend in need means three times the profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 203. A Ferengi in need, will never do anything for free
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 204. When the Grand Nagus arrives to offer you a business opportunity, it's time to leave town until he's gone
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 205. When the customer dies, the money stops a-comin'
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 206. Fighting with Klingons is like gambling with Cardassians - it's good to have a friend around when you lose
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 207. Never trust a hardworking employee
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 208. Give someone a fish, you feed him for one day. Teach him how to fish, and you lose a steady customer
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 209. Tell them what they want to hear
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 21. Never place friend ship before profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 210. A wife, who is able to clean, saves the cleaning lady
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 211. In business deals, a disruptor can be almost as important as a calculator
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 212. If they accept your first offer, you either asked too little or offered too much
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 213. Stay neutral in conflicts so that you can sell supplies to both sides
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 214. Never begin a business transaction on an empty stomach
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 215. Instinct without opportunity is useless
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 216. Never take hospitality from someone worse off than yourself
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 217. Only pay for it, if you are confronted with loaded phaser
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 218. Always know what you're buying
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 219. A friend is not a friend if he asks for a discount
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 22. wise men can hear profit in the wind
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 220. Profit is like a bed of roses - a few thorns are inevitable
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 221. Beware of any man who thinks with his lobes
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 222. Knowledge is Latinum
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 223. Rich men don't come to buy; they come to take
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 224. Never throw anything away: It may be worht a lot of Latinum some Stardate
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 225. Pride comes before a loss
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	family	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 226. Don't take your family for granted, only their Latinum
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 227. Loyalty can be bought ... and sold
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 228. All things come to those who wait, even Latinum
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 229. Beware the man who doesn't make time for oo-mox
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 23. Never take the last coin, but be sure to get the rest
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 230. Manipulation may be a Ferengi's greatest tool, and liability
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 231. If you steal it, make sure it has a warranty
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 232. Life's no fair (How else would you turn a profit?)
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 233. Every dark cloud has a Latinum lining
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 234. Never deal with beggars; it's bad for profits
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 235. Don't trust anyone who trusts you
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 236. You can't buy fate
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 237. There's a sucker born every minute. Be sure you're the first to find each one
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 238. The truth will cost
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 239. Ambition knows no family
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 24. Never ask when you can take
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 240. The higher you bid, the more customers you drive away
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 241. Never underestimate the inportance of the fist impression
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 242. More is good, all is better
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 243. If you got something nice to say, then SHOUT
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 244. If you can't sell it, sit on it, but never give it away
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 245. A warranty is valid only if they can find you
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 246. He that speaks ill of the wares will buy them
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 247. Never question luck
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 248. Celebrate when you are paid, not, when you are promised
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 249. Respect other culture's beliefs; they'll be more likely to give you money
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 25. Fear makes a good business partner
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 250. A dead vendor doesn't demand money
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 251. Satisfaction is not guaranteed
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 252. Let the buyer beware
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 253. A contract without fine print is a fool's document
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 254. Anyone who can't tell a fake doesn't deserve the real thing
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 255. A warranty without loop-holes is a liability
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 256. Synthehol is the lubricant of choice for a customer's stuck purse
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 257. Only fools negotiate with their own money
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 258. A Ferengi is only as important as the amount of Latinum he carries in his pockets
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 259. A lie is a way to tell the truth to someone who doesn't know
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 26. The vast majority of the rich in this galaxy did not inherit their wealth; they stole it
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 260. Gambling is like the way to power: The only way to win is to cheat, but don't get caught in the process
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 261. A wealthy man can afford everything except a conscience
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 262. No lobes, no profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 263. Never let a female in clothes cloud your sense of profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 264. It's not the size of your planet, but it's income, that matters
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 265. The fear of loss may be your greatest enemy or your best friend - choose wisely
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 266. A pair of good ears will ring dry a hundred tongues
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 267. Wish not so much to live Long, as to live well
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 268. a) When in doubt, lie b) When in doubt, buy c) When in doubt, demand more money d) When in doubt, shoot them, take their money, run and blame someone else
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 269. Never purchase anything that has been promised to be valuable or go up in value
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 27. The most beautiful thing about a tree is what you do with it after you cut it down
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 270. It's better to have gambled and lost than to never have gambled at all
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 271. There's many witty men whose brains can't line their pockets
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 272. The way to a Ferengi's heart is through his wallet
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 273. Always count their Latinum before selling anything
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	love	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 274. There is no profit in love; however, a strong heart is worth a few bars of Latinum on the open market. Keep it on ice
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 275. Latinum can't buy happiness, but you can sure have a blast renting it
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 276. If at first you don't succeed, try to acquire again
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 277. Diamonds may be girl's best friend, but you can only buy the girl with Latinum
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 278. It's better to swallow your pride than to lose your profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 279. Never close a deal too soon after a female strokes your lobes
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	society	quip	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 28. Morality is always defined by those in power
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 280. An empty bag can not stand upright
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 281. Blood is thicker than water, but harder to sell
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 282. Business is like war; it's important to recognize the winner
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 283. Rules are always subject to change
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 284. Rules are always subject to interpretation
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 285. No good deed ever goes unpunished
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 286. When Morn leaves it is all over
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 287. Whenever you exploit someone, it never hurts to thank them. That way, it's easier to exploit them the next time. (Neelix made this rule up)
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 29. When someone says "It's not the money," they're lying
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 3. Never spend more for an acquisition than you have to
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 30. Talk is cheap; synthehol costs money
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 31. Never make fun of a Ferengi's mother
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 32. Be careful what you sell. It may do exactly what the customer expects
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 33. It never hurts to suck up to the boss
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 34. War is good for business
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 35. Peace is good for business
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 36. Too many Ferengi can't laugh at themselves anymore
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 37. You can always buy back a lost reputation
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 38. Free advertising is cheap
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 39. Praise is cheap. Heap it generously on all customers
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 4. Sex and profit are the two things that never last long enough
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 40. If you see profit on a journey, take it
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 41. Money talks, but having a lots of it gets more attention
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 42. Only negotiate when you are certain to profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 43. Caressing an ear is often more forceful than pointing a weapon
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 44. Never argue with a loaded phaser
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 45. profit has limits. Loss has none
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 46. Labor camps are full of people who trusted the wrong person
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 47. Never trust a man wearing a better suit than you own
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 48. The bigger the smile, the sharper the knife
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 49. Old age and greed will always overcome youth and talent
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 5. If you can't break a contract, bend it
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	arts	quip	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 50. Never bluff a Klingon
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 51. Never admit a mistake if there's someone else to blame
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 52. Only Bugsy could have built Las Vegas
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 53. Sell first; ask questions later
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 54. Never buy anything you can't sell
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 55. Always sell at the highest possible profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 56. Pursue profit; women come later
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 57. Good customers are almost as rare as Latinum - treasure them
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 58. Friendship is seldom cheap
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 59. Fee advice is never cheap
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 6. Never let family stand in the way of opportunity
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 60. Never use Latinum where your words will do
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 61. Never buy what can be stolen
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 62. The riskier the road, the greater the profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 63. power without profit is like a ship without an engine
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 64. Don't talk shop; talk shopping
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 65. Don't talk ship; talk shipping
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 66. Anyone serving in a fleet who is crazy can be relieved, if they ask for it
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 67. Enough is never enough
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 68. Compassion is no substitute for a profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 69. You could afford your ship without your government - if it weren't for your government
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	arts	quip	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 7. Always keep you ears open
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 70. Get the money first, then let the buyers worry about collecting the merchandise
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 71. Gamble and trade have two things in common: risk and Latinum
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 72. Never let the competition know, what you're thinking
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 73. Never trust advice from a dying Ferengi; listen but don't trust
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 74. A Ferengi without profit is no Ferengi at all
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 75. Home is where the heart is, but the stars are made of Latinum
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 76. Every once in a while, declare peace. It confuses the hell out of your enemies
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 77. Go where no Ferengi has gone before; where there is no reputation there is profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 78. There is a customer born every minute
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 79. Beware of the Vulcan greed for knowledge
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 8. Keep count of your change
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 80. If it works, sell it. If it works well, sell it for more. If it doesn't work, quadruple the price and sell it as an antique
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 81. There's nothing more dangerous than an honest businessman
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 82. A smart customer is not a good customer
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 83. Revenge is profitless
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	love	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 84. She can touch your ears but never your Latinum
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 85. Death takes no bribes
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 86. A wife is a luxury, a smart accountant a necessity
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 87. Trust is the biggest liability of all
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 88. When the boss comes to dinner, it never hurts to have the wife wear something
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 89. Latinum lasts longer than lust
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 9. Instinct plus opportunity equals profit
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 90. Mine is better than ours
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 91. He who drinks fast pays slow
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 92. Never confuse wisdom with luck
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 93. He's a fool who makes his doctor his heir
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 94. Beware of small expenses: a small leak will kill a ship
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 95. Important, more impotant, Latinum
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 96. Faith moves mountains - of inventory
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 97. If you would keep a secret from an enemy, don't tell it to a friend
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 98. Profit is the better part of valor
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: 99. Never trust a wise man
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ferengi Rules Of Acquisition: The Unwritten Rule: When no appropriate Rule applies, make one up!
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Zek's Revised Ferengi Rules of Acquisition: Rule 001 » If they want their money back, give it to them.
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Zek's Revised Ferengi Rules of Acquisition: Rule 010 » Greed is dead.
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Zek's Revised Ferengi Rules of Acquisition: Rule 021 » Never place profit before friendship.
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	family	tv-quote	general	0	Zek's Revised Ferengi Rules of Acquisition: Rule 022 » Latinum tarnishes, but family is forever.
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Zek's Revised Ferengi Rules of Acquisition: Rule 023 » Money can never replace dignity.
FerengiRulesOfAcquisition	life	tv-quote	general	0	Zek's Revised Ferengi Rules of Acquisition: Rule 285 » A good deed is its own reward.
people	life	dark	general	0	A "practical joker" deserves applause for his wit according to its quality. Bastinado is about right. For exceptional wit one might grant keelhauling. But staking him out on an anthill should be reserved for the very wittiest.
people	life	quip	general	0	A 'full' life in my experience is usually full only of other people's demands.
people	life	quip	general	0	A bore is a man who talks so much about himself that you can't talk about yourself.
people	life	quip	general	0	A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have enlightened him with ours.
people	society	observation	general	0	A city is a large community where people are lonesome together
people	love	aphorism	general	0	A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	A friend is a present you give yourself.
people	life	quip	general	0	A gossip is one who talks to you about others, a bore is one who talks to you about himself; and a brilliant conversationalist is one who talks to you about yourself.
people	life	quip	general	0	A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his own weight in other people's patience.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	A man of genius makes no mistakes. His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
people	life	pun	general	0	A man pleaded innocent of any wrong doing when caught by the police during a raid at the home of a mobster, excusing himself by claiming that he was making a bolt for the door.
people	life	pun	general	0	A man who keeps stealing mopeds is an obvious cycle-path.
people	food	quip	general	0	A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
people	life	quip	general	0	A man with 3 wings and a dictionary is cousin to the turkey.
people	life	quip	general	0	A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.
people	life	quip	general	0	A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.
people	life	dark	general	0	"A penny for your thoughts?" "A dollar for your death."
people	life	wisdom	general	0	A person forgives only when they are in the wrong.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	A person is just about as big as the things that make them angry.
people	life	observation	general	0	A person who has nothing looks at all there is and wants something. A person who has something looks at all there is and wants all the rest.
people	life	quip	general	0	A pessimist is a man who has been compelled to live with an optimist.
people	love	quip	general	0	A pretty foot is one of the greatest gifts of nature... please send me your last pair of shoes, already worn out in dancing... so I can have something of yours to press against my heart.
people	life	quip	general	0	A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
people	life	dark	general	0	A real friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away. A real friend is someone you can use over and over again.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	A real person has two reasons for doing anything ... a good reason and the real reason.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
people	life	quip	general	0	A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those that are worth committing.
people	life	quip	general	0	A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
people	life	quip	general	0	A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	A well-known friend is a treasure.
people	life	quip	general	0	Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.
people	life	observation	general	0	According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never dies.
people	faith	observation	general	0	Adam was but human--this explains it all. He did not want the apple for the apple's sake, he wanted it only because it was forbidden. The mistake was in not forbidding the serpent; then he would have eaten the serpent.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Advice is a dangerous gift; be cautious about giving and receiving it.
people	life	quip	general	0	Advice to young men: Be ascetic, and if you can't be ascetic, then at least be aseptic.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	After all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party? Surely not for you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
people	life	quip	general	0	After living in New York, you trust nobody, but you believe everything. Just in case.
people	life	pun	general	0	After Snow White used a couple rolls of film taking pictures of the seven dwarfs, she mailed the roll to be developed. Later she was heard to sing, "Some day my prints will come."
people	life	quip	general	0	Against stupidity the very gods Themselves contend in vain.
people	life	insult	general	0	Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.
people	life	quip	general	0	Ah, sweet Springtime, when a young man lightly turns his fancy over!
people	life	tv-quote	general	0	Al didn't smile for forty years. You've got to admire a man like that. -- from "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman"
people	faith	dark	general	0	All God's children are not beautiful. Most of God's children are, in fact, barely presentable.
people	life	quip	general	0	All his life he has looked away... to the horizon, to the sky, to the future. Never his mind on where he was, on what he was doing.
people	life	quip	general	0	All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance.
people	life	quip	general	0	All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
people	life	quip	general	0	All men have the right to wait in line.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	All men profess honesty as long as they can. To believe all men honest would be folly. To believe none so is something worse.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	All most people want is a little more than they'll ever get.
people	life	quip	general	0	All my friends and I are crazy. That's the only thing that keeps us sane.
people	life	quip	general	0	"All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific."
people	nature	wisdom	general	0	All of the animals except man know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	All possibility of understanding is rooted in the ability to say no.
people	life	quip	general	0	All progress is based upon a universal innate desire of every organism to live beyond its income.
people	life	quip	general	0	All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	All we know is the phenomenon: we spend our time sending messages to each other, talking and trying to listen at the same time, exchanging information. This seems to be our most urgent biological function; it is what we do with our lives."
people	work-money	joke	general	0	Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
people	life	quip	general	0	Always remember that you are unique. Just like everyone else.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.
people	nature	observation	general	0	An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
people	life	dark	general	0	An evil mind is a great comfort.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	An expert is a person who avoids the small errors as he sweeps on to the grand fallacy.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	An idealist is one who helps the other fellow to make a profit.
people	life	quip	general	0	An infallible method of conciliating a tiger is to allow oneself to be devoured.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
people	life	quip	general	0	An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.
people	life	dark	general	0	And I will do all these good works, and I will do them for free! My only reward will be a tombstone that says "Here lies Gomez Addams -- he was good for nothing."
people	faith	quip	general	0	And on the eighth day, we bulldozed it.
people	arts	quip	general	0	"And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for you to take away people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going and making yourself like everybody else. You feel that, don't you?" said he, earnestly.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Anger is momentary madness.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Anger kills as surely as the other vices.
people	nature	observation	general	0	Animals can be driven crazy by putting too many in too small a pen. Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself.
people	arts	quip	general	0	Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of sense to know how to lie well.
people	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Any man can work when every stroke of his hand brings down the fruit rattling from the tree to the ground; but to labor in season and out of season, under every discouragement, by the power of truth -- that requires a heroism which is transcendent.
people	life	quip	general	0	Any man who hates dogs and babies can't be all bad.
people	life	quip	general	0	Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
people	life	quip	general	0	Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the sight of a police car is probably parked.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Anyone can become angry -- that is easy; but to be angry with the right person, to the right degree, at the right time, for the right purpose and in the right way -- that is not easy.
people	society	quip	general	0	Anyone stupid enough to be caught by the police is probably guilty.
people	life	joke	general	0	Apathy Club meeting this Friday. If you want to come, you're not invited.
people	society	quip	general	0	"Apathy is not the problem, it's the solution"
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Appearances often are deceiving.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
people	society	quip	general	0	Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
people	life	quip	general	0	"Arguments with furniture are rarely productive."
people	life	aphorism	general	0	As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
people	life	quip	general	0	As you grow older, you will still do foolish things, but you will do them with much more enthusiasm.
people	life	quip	general	0	Ask not what's inside your head, but what your head's inside of.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
people	life	quip	general	0	At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his thumb with a hammer.
people	life	observation	general	0	Back when I was a boy, it was 40 miles to everywhere, uphill both ways and it was always snowing.
people	life	dark	general	0	Bacon's not the only thing that's cured by hanging from a string.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Bad men live that they may eat and drink, whereas good men eat and drink that they may live.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Be braver -- you can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or situations that can't bear inspection.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Be careful what you set your heart on -- for it will surely be yours.
people	life	quip	general	0	Be incomprehensible. If they can't understand, they can't disagree.
people	life	quip	general	0	Be independent. Insult a rich relative today.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Be nice to people on the way up, because you'll meet them on your way down.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Be not anxious about what you have, but about what you are.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Be self-reliant and your success is assured.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Be valiant, but not too venturous. Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
people	life	quip	general	0	Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
people	faith	wisdom	general	0	Before destruction a man's heart is haughty, but humility goes before honour. -- Proverbs 18:12
people	life	quip	general	0	Being popular is important. Otherwise people might not like you.
people	life	dark	general	0	Being ugly isn't illegal. Yet.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.
people	life	quip	general	0	Beware of self-styled experts: an ex is a has-been, and a spurt is a drip under pressure.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us. "He is full of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by their ignorance the hard way."
people	life	quip	general	0	BEWARE! People acting under the influence of human nature.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.
people	life	quip	general	0	Birthdays are like busses, never the number you want.
people	life	quip	general	0	Blessed are the forgetful: for they get the better even of their blunders.
people	life	quip	general	0	Blessed are they that have nothing to say, and who cannot be persuaded to say it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it, for he shall enjoy living.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
people	life	pun	general	0	Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Brisk talkers are usually slow thinkers. There is, indeed, no wild beast more to be dreaded than a communicative man having nothing to communicate. If you are civil to the voluble, they will abuse your patience; if brusque, your character.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Buck-passing usually turns out to be a boomerang.
people	life	quip	general	0	But Officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!
people	life	quip	general	0	"But officer, I was only trying to gain enough speed so I could coast to the nearest gas station."
people	life	wisdom	general	0	But since I knew now that I could hope for nothing of greater value than frivolous pleasures, what point was there in denying myself of them?
people	life	quip	general	0	By doing just a little every day, you can gradually let the task completely overwhelm you.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	By nature, men are nearly alike; by practice, they get to be wide apart.
people	life	insult	general	0	Calling you stupid is an insult to stupid people!
people	love	dark	general	0	Can you buy friendship? You not only can, you must. It's the only way to obtain friends. Everything worthwhile has a price.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, But it's very funny -- did you ever try buying them without money?
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Character is what you are in the dark!
people	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie Brown: Why was I put on this earth? Linus: To make others happy. Charlie Brown: Why were others put on this earth?
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Charm is a way of getting the answer "Yes" -- without having asked any clear question.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Class, that's the only thing that counts in life. Class. Without class and style, a man's a bum; he might as well be dead. -- "Bugsy" Siegel
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Class: when they're running you out of town, to look like you're leading the parade.
people	science	pun	general	0	Clones are people two.
people	science	pun	general	0	Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
people	life	quip	general	0	Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world. Everyone thinks he has enough.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Conceit causes more conversation than wit.
people	faith	aphorism	general	0	Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven; confess them to man and you will be laughed at.
people	faith	quip	general	0	Confession is good for the soul only in the sense that a tweed coat is good for dandruff.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career.
people	faith	aphorism	general	0	Confessions may be good for the soul, but they are bad for the reputation.
people	life	quip	general	0	Confidence is simply that quiet, assured feeling you have before you fall flat on your face.
people	life	quip	general	0	Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Conformity is the refuge of the unimaginative.
people	life	quip	general	0	Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends.
people	life	quip	general	0	Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
people	life	quip	general	0	Conscious is when you are aware of something and conscience is when you wish you weren't.
people	life	quip	general	0	Convention is the ruler of all.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.
people	life	quip	general	0	Cops never say good-bye. They're always hoping to see you again in the line-up.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Courage is fear that has said its prayers.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Courage is grace under pressure.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for peculiarity breeds contempt. And the unfortunate thing about being ahead of your time when people finally realize you were right, they'll say it was obvious all along.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	Creativity is no substitute for knowing what you are doing.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	Creativity is not always bred in an environment of tranquility; sometimes you have to squeeze a little to get the paste out of the tube.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Dare to be naive.
people	life	insult	general	0	Dave Mack: "Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par." Allen Gwinn: "Yours is."
people	faith	quip	general	0	Dear Lord: Please make my words sweet and tender, for tomorrow I may have to eat them.
people	life	quip	general	0	Death rays don't kill people, people kill people!!
people	life	dark	general	0	Defeat is worse than death because you have to live with defeat.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Delay is preferable to error.
people	life	quip	general	0	Did you know that clones never use mirrors?
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Dishonor will not trouble me, once I am dead.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Distance doesn't make you any smaller, but it does make you part of a larger picture.
people	science	observation	general	0	Do clones have navels?
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you. Their tastes may not be the same.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Do not think by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
people	life	dark	general	0	Do not try to solve all life's problems at once -- learn to dread each day as it comes.
people	life	quip	general	0	Do you mean that you not only want a wrong answer, but a certain wrong answer?
people	life	observation	general	0	Do you realize how many holes there could be if people would just take the time to take the dirt out of them?
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't change the reason, just change the excuses!
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't confuse things that need action with those that take care of themselves.
people	family	aphorism	general	0	Don't despise your poor relations, they may become suddenly rich one day.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't expect people to keep in step--it's hard enough just staying in line.
people	life	dark	general	0	Don't hit a man when he's down -- kick him; it's easier.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't interfere with the stranger's style.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted.
people	tech	aphorism	general	0	Don't remember what you can infer.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't say "yes" until I finish talking.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't shoot until you're sure you both aren't on the same side.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't shout for help at night. You might wake your neighbors.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good. I know better. The things I worry about don't happen.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't tell me what you dreamed last night for I've been reading Freud.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't try to have the last word -- you might get it.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes. I get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't worry about avoiding temptation -- as you grow older, it starts avoiding you.
people	tech	wisdom	general	0	Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you. They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely want to help you could agree with each other?
people	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Dorothy: But how can you talk without a brain? Scarecrow: Well, I don't know... but some people without brains do an awful lot of talking.
people	life	quip	general	0	Drive defensively. Buy a tank.
people	life	quip	general	0	Early to bed and early to rise and you'll be groggy when everyone else is wide awake.
people	life	observation	general	0	Elevators smell different to midgets.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in May.
people	life	quip	general	0	Enjoy yourself while you're still old.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Envy is a pain of mind that successful men cause their neighbors.
people	life	quip	general	0	Etiquette is for those with no breeding; fashion for those with no taste.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
people	faith	wisdom	general	0	Even God lends a hand to honest boldness.
people	life	quip	general	0	Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Even moderation ought not to be practiced to excess.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
people	life	insult	general	0	Every time I look at you I am more convinced of Darwin's theory.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Everybody has something to conceal.
people	life	quip	general	0	Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
people	faith	quip	general	0	Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgement.
people	life	quip	general	0	Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.
people	life	quip	general	0	Everyone is a genius. It's just that some people are too stupid to realize it.
people	life	quip	general	0	Everyone is entitled to my opinion.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
people	life	quip	general	0	Everyone talks about apathy, but no one does anything about it.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Everyone wants results, but no one is willing to do what it takes to get them.
people	life	quip	general	0	Everyone was born right-handed. Only the greatest overcome it.
people	life	quip	general	0	Everyone's in a high place when you're on your knees.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Evil is that which one believes of others. It is a sin to believe evil of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Excess on occasion is exhilarating. It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
people	life	quip	general	0	Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you, and just before you realize what is wrong with it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Experience is not what happens to you; it is what you do with what happens to you.
people	life	quip	general	0	Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake when you make it again.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
people	life	quip	general	0	Experience is what you get when you were expecting something else.
people	life	quip	general	0	Experience teaches you that the man who looks you straight in the eye, particularly if he adds a firm handshake, is hiding something.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.
people	arts	quip	general	0	Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
people	society	quip	general	0	Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Flattery is like cologne -- to be smelled, but not swallowed.
people	life	observation	general	0	For an idea to be fashionable is ominous, since it must afterwards be always old-fashioned.
people	society	quip	general	0	For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
people	faith	wisdom	general	0	For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I do not want is what I do.
people	life	quip	general	0	"For I perceive that behind this seemingly unrelated sequence of events, there lurks a singular, sinister attitude of mind." "Whose?" "MINE! HA-HA!"
people	life	wisdom	general	0	For men use, if they have an evil turn, to write it in marble: and whoso doth us a good turn we write it in dust.
people	life	quip	general	0	For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to get themselves filed.
people	arts	quip	general	0	For people who like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will like.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	For perfect happiness, remember two things: (1) Be content with what you've got. (2) Be sure you've got plenty.
people	life	quip	general	0	For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
people	life	dark	general	0	"For three days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off."
people	life	quip	general	0	Fortune finishes the great quotations, #2 If at first you don't succeed, think how many people you've made happy.
people	arts	quip	general	0	Fortune finishes the great quotations, #21 Shall I compare thee to a Summer day? No, I guess not.
people	life	quip	general	0	Fortune finishes the great quotations, #6 "But, soft! What light through yonder window breaks?" It's nothing, honey. Go back to sleep.
people	life	quip	general	0	Four fifths of the perjury in the world is expended on tombstones, women and competitors.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
people	life	observation	general	0	Friendships last when each friend thinks he has a slight superiority over the other.
people	life	quip	general	0	Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.
people	life	quip	general	0	Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
people	faith	quip	general	0	Get forgiveness now -- tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.
people	life	quip	general	0	Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles.
people	family	quip	general	0	Go out and tell a lie that will make the whole family proud of you.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Go slowly to the entertainments of thy friends, but quickly to their misfortunes.
people	family	aphorism	general	0	God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can chose our friends.
people	faith	quip	general	0	God must love the common man; He made so many of them.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Good advice is one of those insults that ought to be forgiven.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement. -- Nasreddin, via Jim Horning ( https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Jim_Horning )
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Great minds run in great circles.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent.
people	life	quip	general	0	Growing old isn't bad when you consider the alternatives.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.
people	life	quip	general	0	Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Hate is like acid. It can damage the vessel in which it is stored as well as destroy the object on which it is poured.
people	faith	aphorism	general	0	Hate the sin and love the sinner.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Have no friends not equal to yourself.
people	life	dark	general	0	Having no talent is no longer enough.
people	life	quip	general	0	He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation perfectly delightful.
people	life	quip	general	0	He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild and heavy presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned all hope of ever behaving "normally."
people	life	quip	general	0	He hadn't a single redeeming vice.
people	life	insult	general	0	He is a man capable of turning any colour into grey.
people	life	quip	general	0	He is considered a most graceful speaker who can say nothing in the most words.
people	life	insult	general	0	He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others.
people	life	observation	general	0	He laughs at every joke three times... once when it's told, once when it's explained, and once when he understands it.
people	life	quip	general	0	He looked at me as if I were a side dish he hadn't ordered.
people	life	quip	general	0	He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
people	life	dark	general	0	He only knew his iron spine held up the sky -- he didn't realize his brain had fallen to the ground.
people	life	quip	general	0	He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
people	life	quip	general	0	He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
people	life	insult	general	0	He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	He who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	He who despises himself nevertheless esteems himself as a self-despiser.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	He who hoots with owls by night cannot soar with eagles by day.
people	life	dark	general	0	He who is flogged by fate and laughs the louder is a masochist.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
people	life	quip	general	0	He who is known as an early riser need not get up until noon.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	He who minds his own business is never unemployed.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
people	life	quip	general	0	He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd be there... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.
people	life	quip	general	0	"He's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is ..."
people	life	observation	general	0	Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.
people	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hi! I'm Larry. This is my brother Bob, and this is my other brother Jimbo. We thought you might like to know the names of your assailants.
people	life	tv-quote	general	0	Higgins: Doolittle, you're either an honest man or a rogue. Doolittle: A little of both, Guv'nor. Like the rest of us, a little of both.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Hindsight is always 20:20.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Hindsight is an exact science.
people	life	observation	general	0	His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.
people	life	insult	general	0	His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second time as bedroom farce.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	History repeats itself only if one does not listen the first time.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	History repeats itself. That's one thing wrong with history.
people	family	aphorism	general	0	Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
people	family	wisdom	general	0	Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a cage is to a cockatoo.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Hope is a waking dream.
people	life	dark	general	0	Hope not, lest ye be disappointed.
people	life	observation	general	0	How comes it to pass, then, that we appear such cowards in reasoning, and are so afraid to stand the test of ridicule?
people	life	observation	general	0	How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
people	life	quip	general	0	How many "coming men" has one known! Where on earth do they all go to?
people	life	quip	general	0	However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity in my traditional manner ... sulking and nausea.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Human kind cannot bear very much reality.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober, responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and immature.
people	life	observation	general	0	Humans are communications junkies. We just can't get enough.
people	life	quip	general	0	Humility is the first of the virtues -- for other people.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I allow the world to live as it chooses, and I allow myself to live as I choose.
people	life	quip	general	0	I always choose my friends for their good looks and my enemies for their good intellects. Man cannot be too careful in his choice of enemies.
people	life	quip	general	0	I always pass on good advice. It is the only thing to do with it. It is never any good to oneself.
people	life	quip	general	0	I always say beauty is only sin deep.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else.
people	life	quip	general	0	I am firm. You are obstinate. He is a pig-headed fool.
people	life	quip	general	0	I am looking for a honest man.
people	faith	quip	general	0	"I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter."
people	life	quip	general	0	I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
people	life	quip	general	0	I call them as I see them. If I can't see them, I make them up.
people	life	quip	general	0	I can give you my word, but I know what it's worth and you don't.
people	arts	quip	general	0	I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write faster than anybody who can write better.
people	life	quip	general	0	I can't seem to bring myself to say, "Well, I guess I'll be toddling along." It isn't that I can't toddle. It's that I can't guess I'll toddle.
people	life	dark	general	0	I can't stand squealers; hit that guy.
people	life	quip	general	0	I can't understand it. I can't even understand the people who can understand it.
people	life	quip	general	0	I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions.
people	life	quip	general	0	I consider the day misspent that I am not either charged with a crime, or arrested for one. -- "Ratsy" Tourbillon
people	life	observation	general	0	I didn't get sophisticated -- I just got tired. But maybe that's what sophisticated is -- being tired.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	"I didn't know it was impossible when I did it."
people	society	quip	general	0	I disagree with what you say, but will defend to the death your right to tell such LIES!
people	life	quip	general	0	I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
people	nature	wisdom	general	0	I do not know where to find in any literature, whether ancient or modern, any adequate account of that nature with which I am acquainted. Mythology comes nearest to it of any.
people	family	wisdom	general	0	I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be.
people	life	quip	general	0	I don't know why we're here, I say we all go home and free associate.
people	life	quip	general	0	I don't make the rules, Gil, I only play the game.
people	life	quip	general	0	I don't mind arguing with myself. It's when I lose that it bothers me.
people	life	quip	general	0	I don't remember it, but I have it written down.
people	life	quip	general	0	"I don't think they could put him in a mental hospital. On the other hand, if he were already in, I don't think they'd let him out."
people	life	quip	general	0	"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down to the sea and drown yourselves." "How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why you human beings don't."
people	life	quip	general	0	I don't want to bore you, but there's nobody else around for me to bore.
people	life	quip	general	0	I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.
people	life	quip	general	0	I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
people	life	quip	general	0	I give you the man who -- the man who -- uh, I forgets the man who?
people	life	quip	general	0	I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I guess I've been wrong all my life, but so have billions of other people... Certainty is just an emotion.
people	life	quip	general	0	I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know how bad I am.
people	life	observation	general	0	I hate small towns because once you've seen the cannon in the park there's nothing else to do.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable to sit still in a room.
people	life	quip	general	0	I have found little that is good about human beings. In my experience most of them are trash.
people	life	quip	general	0	I have great faith in fools -- self confidence my friends call it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I have made mistakes but I have never made the mistake of claiming that I have never made one.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of himself. To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
people	life	quip	general	0	I knew one thing: as soon as anyone said you didn't need a gun, you'd better take one along that worked.
people	life	quip	general	0	I love mankind ... It's people I hate.
people	life	quip	general	0	"I may appear to be just sitting here like a bucket of tapioca, but don't let appearances fool you. I'm approaching old age ... at the speed of light."
people	life	quip	general	0	I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up!
people	life	uplifting	general	0	I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
people	life	quip	general	0	I never killed a man that didn't deserve it.
people	life	quip	general	0	I prefer rogues to imbeciles because they sometimes take a rest.
people	life	quip	general	0	I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
people	life	quip	general	0	"... I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which actually made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses ..."
people	faith	dark	general	0	I sometimes think that God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.
people	life	pun	general	0	I think I'm schizophrenic. One half of me's paranoid and the other half's out to get him.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I treasure this strange combination found in very few persons: a fierce desire for life as well as a lucid perception of the ultimate futility of the quest.
people	life	quip	general	0	I used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in my body. Then I realized who was telling me this.
people	life	quip	general	0	I waited and waited and when no message came I knew it must be from you.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I will follow the good side right to the fire, but not into it if I can help it.
people	society	quip	general	0	I'll defend to the death your right to say that, but I never said I'd listen to it!
people	life	quip	general	0	I'll give you my opinion of the human race in a nutshell ... their heart's in the right place, but their head is a thoroughly inefficient organ.
people	life	quip	general	0	I'll pretend to trust you if you'll pretend to trust me.
people	life	quip	general	0	I'm not the person your mother warned you about... her imagination isn't that good.
people	life	quip	general	0	"I'm really enjoying not talking to you ... Let's not talk again REAL soon ..."
people	love	quip	general	0	I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're here.
people	life	quip	general	0	I'm sorry if the correct way of doing things offends you.
people	faith	pun	general	0	I'm sorry, but my karma just ran over your dogma.
people	work-money	wisdom	general	0	I'm successful because I'm lucky. The harder I work, the luckier I get.
people	life	quip	general	0	I've already told you more than I know.
people	life	quip	general	0	I've found my niche. If you're wondering why I'm not there, there was this little hole in the bottom ...
people	arts	quip	general	0	I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
people	life	quip	general	0	I've known him as a man, as an adolescent and as a child -- sometimes on the same day.
people	life	tv-quote	general	0	"I've seen, I SAY, I've seen better heads on a mug of beer"
people	life	observation	general	0	Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like solitary confinement.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	If a man has talent and cannot use it, he has failed.
people	faith	quip	general	0	If God had intended Man to Walk, He would have given him Feet.
people	faith	quip	general	0	If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.
people	faith	quip	general	0	If God had really intended men to fly, he'd make it easier to get to the airport.
people	faith	quip	general	0	If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.
people	faith	quip	general	0	If God hadn't wanted you to be paranoid, He wouldn't have given you such a vivid imagination.
people	faith	quip	general	0	If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs?
people	faith	quip	general	0	If he should ever change his faith, it'll be because he no longer thinks he's God.
people	life	quip	general	0	If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
people	faith	quip	general	0	If man is only a little lower than the angels, the angels should reform.
people	life	quip	general	0	If one studies too zealously, one easily loses his pants.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If one tells the truth, one is sure, sooner or later, to be found out.
people	life	quip	general	0	If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.
people	life	quip	general	0	If only one could get that wonderful feeling of accomplishment without having to accomplish anything.
people	life	insult	general	0	If only you had a personality instead of an attitude.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If people see that you mean them no harm, they'll never hurt you, nine times out of ten!
people	life	quip	general	0	If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
people	life	observation	general	0	If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If someone says he will do something "without fail", he won't.
people	faith	observation	general	0	If the weather is extremely bad, church attendance will be down. If the weather is extremely good, church attendance will be down. If the bulletin covers are in short supply, however, church attendance will exceed all expectations.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If there is a wrong way to do something, then someone will do it.
people	life	quip	general	0	If there was any justice in the world, "trust" would be a four-letter word.
people	life	quip	general	0	If things don't improve soon, you'd better ask them to stop helping you.
people	life	quip	general	0	"If we were meant to fly, we wouldn't keep losing our luggage."
people	life	joke	general	0	If we were meant to get up early, God would have created us with alarm clocks.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you are a fatalist, what can you do about it?
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you are honest because honesty is the best policy, your honesty is corrupt.
people	life	dark	general	0	If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, then you clearly don't understand the situation.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you cannot in the long run tell everyone what you have been doing, your doing was worthless.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If you continually give you will continually have.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?
people	life	quip	general	0	If you didn't have most of your friends, you wouldn't have most of your problems.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you don't do it, you'll never know what would have happened if you had done it.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you don't do the things that are not worth doing, who will?
people	life	quip	general	0	If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours.
people	life	dark	general	0	If you don't have a nasty obituary you probably didn't matter.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you don't like the way I drive, stay off the sidewalk!
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody will.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If you flaunt it, expect to have it trashed.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you float on instinct alone, how can you calculate the buoyancy for the computed load?
people	life	quip	general	0	If you go out of your mind, do it quietly, so as not to disturb those around you.
people	life	insult	general	0	If you had any brains, you'd be dangerous.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot yourself in the posterior.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of rubbish into it.
people	life	observation	general	0	If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets and fire them all off, wouldn't you?
people	life	quip	general	0	If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you really make them think they'll hate you.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If you mess with a thing long enough, it'll break.
people	life	observation	general	0	If you notice that a person is deceiving you, they must not be deceiving you very well.
people	faith	quip	general	0	If you talk to God, you are praying; if God talks to you, you have schizophrenia.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
people	tech	quip	general	0	If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it.
people	life	dark	general	0	If you think things can't get worse it's probably only because you lack sufficient imagination.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	If you will practice being fictional for a while, you will understand that fictional characters are sometimes more real than people with bodies and heartbeats.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	If you would understand your own age, read the works of fiction produced in it. People in disguise speak freely.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you're careful enough, nothing bad or good will ever happen to you.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you're constantly being mistreated, you're cooperating with the treatment.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	If you're happy, you're successful.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	In good speaking, should not the mind of the speaker know the truth of the matter about which he is to speak?
people	life	aphorism	general	0	In matters of principle, stand like a rock; in matters of taste, swim with the current.
people	life	observation	general	0	In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	In success there's a tendency to keep on doing what you were doing.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	In the misfortune of our friends we find something that is not displeasing to us.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	In this world some people are going to like me and some are not. So, I may as well be me. Then I know if someone likes me, they like me.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	In this world there are only two tragedies. One is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
people	life	dark	general	0	Innocence ends when one is stripped of the delusion that one likes oneself.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Involvement with people is always a very delicate thing -- it requires real maturity to become involved and not get all messed up.
people	life	quip	general	0	It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It does not matter if you fall down as long as you pick up something from the floor while you get up.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've done and what you're going to do.
people	life	observation	general	0	It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists have drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell.
people	life	quip	general	0	It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this.
people	life	quip	general	0	It is all right to hold a conversation, but you should let go of it now and then.
people	life	quip	general	0	It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
people	society	quip	general	0	It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be coming up it.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It is easy when we are in prosperity to give advice to the afflicted.
people	life	quip	general	0	It is exactly because a man cannot do a thing that he is a proper judge of it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help.
people	life	quip	general	0	It is generally agreed that "Hello" is an appropriate greeting because if you entered a room and said "Goodbye," it could confuse a lot of people.
people	life	quip	general	0	It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	It is indeed desirable to be well descended, but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is not enough to have a good mind. The main thing is to use it well.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is not enough to have great qualities, we should also have the management of them.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is not good for a man to be without knowledge, and he who makes haste with his feet misses his way. -- Proverbs 19:2
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
people	life	quip	general	0	It is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their dignity.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	It is only the great men who are truly obscene. If they had not dared to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It is the business of little minds to shrink.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It is the nature of extreme self-lovers, as they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their eggs.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is the wisdom of crocodiles, that shed tears when they would devour.
people	nature	aphorism	general	0	It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
people	life	quip	general	0	It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether I win or lose.
people	life	quip	general	0	It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too good either if you speak when your head is empty.
people	life	dark	general	0	It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
people	life	observation	general	0	It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.
people	life	quip	general	0	It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It takes a special kind of courage to face what we all have to face.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
people	society	dark	general	0	It takes both a weapon, and two people, to commit a murder.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	It takes less time to do a thing right than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It takes two to tell the truth: one to speak and one to hear.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It will be generally found that those who sneer habitually at human nature and affect to despise it, are among its worst and least pleasant examples.
people	life	observation	general	0	It would be nice to be sure of anything the way some people are of everything.
people	life	observation	general	0	It's amazing how many people you could be friends with if only they'd make the first approach.
people	life	quip	general	0	It's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired.
people	life	observation	general	0	It's amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.
people	life	quip	general	0	It's bad enough that life is a rat-race, but why do the rats always have to win?
people	life	quip	general	0	It's better to be quotable than to be honest.
people	life	dark	general	0	It's better to be wanted for murder that not to be wanted at all.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It's easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It's easier to get forgiveness for being wrong than forgiveness for being right.
people	life	quip	general	0	It's hard not to like a man of many qualities, even if most of them are bad.
people	life	quip	general	0	It's hard to be humble when you're perfect.
people	life	pun	general	0	It's hard to keep your shirt on when you're getting something off your chest.
people	life	observation	general	0	It's interesting to think that many quite distinguished people have bodies similar to yours.
people	life	quip	general	0	It's only by NOT taking the human race seriously that I retain what fragments of my once considerable mental powers I still possess.
people	life	observation	general	0	It's reassuring to know that if you behave strangely enough, society will take full responsibility for you.
people	life	quip	general	0	It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.
people	love	quip	general	0	Jealousy is all the fun you think they have.
people	life	dark	general	0	Just because I turn down a contract on a guy doesn't mean he isn't going to get hit.
people	life	quip	general	0	Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.
people	life	quip	general	0	"Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated?"
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Just weigh your own hurt against the hurt of all the others, and then do what's best.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a faster rat!!
people	society	quip	general	0	Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven!
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Keep cool, but don't freeze.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Keep your mouth shut and people will think you stupid; Open it and you remove all doubt.
people	life	quip	general	0	Lack of capability is usually disguised by lack of interest.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Lack of money is the root of all evil.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Last guys don't finish nice.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Learn from other people's mistakes, you don't have time to make your own.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
people	faith	dark	general	0	Let the meek inherit the earth -- they have it coming to them.
people	life	quip	general	0	Let's do it.
people	life	quip	general	0	Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to change his bed.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is a series of rude awakenings.
people	life	dark	general	0	Life is a serious burden, which no thinking, humane person would wantonly inflict on someone else.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is like bein' on a mule team. Unless you're the lead mule, all the scenery looks about the same.
people	life	quip	general	0	"Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it weren't for other people"
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Lord, defend me from my friends; I can account for my enemies.
people	life	quip	general	0	Love thy neighbor as thyself, but choose your neighborhood.
people	life	quip	general	0	Love your enemies: they'll go crazy trying to figure out what you're up to.
people	love	aphorism	general	0	Love your neighbour, yet don't pull down your hedge.
people	life	quip	general	0	Lying is an indispensable part of making life tolerable.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Man belongs wherever he wants to go.
people	life	dark	general	0	Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
people	faith	observation	general	0	Man has never reconciled himself to the ten commandments.
people	life	quip	general	0	Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
people	life	quip	general	0	Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
people	life	dark	general	0	Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps; for he is the only animal that is struck with the difference between what things are and what they ought to be.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else -- unless it is an enemy.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Man's unique agony as a species consists in his perpetual conflict between the desire to stand out and the need to blend in.
people	family	quip	general	0	Many a family tree needs trimming.
people	life	quip	general	0	Many a man that can't direct you to a corner drugstore will get a respectful hearing when age has further impaired his mind.
people	life	observation	general	0	Many people are desperately looking for some wise advice which will recommend that they do what they want to do.
people	life	quip	general	0	Many people are secretly interested in life.
people	life	observation	general	0	Many people feel that if you won't let them make you happy, they'll make you suffer.
people	life	observation	general	0	Many people feel that they deserve some kind of recognition for all the bad things they haven't done.
people	life	quip	general	0	Many people resent being treated like the person they really are.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Many receive advice, few profit by it.
people	life	quip	general	0	'Martyrdom' is the only way a person can become famous without ability.
people	life	verse	general	0	May those that love us love us; and those that don't love us, may God turn their hearts; and if he doesn't turn their hearts, may he turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping.
people	life	quip	general	0	May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.
people	faith	dark	general	0	Maybe Jesus was right when he said that the meek shall inherit the earth -- but they inherit very small plots, about six feet by three.
people	life	quip	general	0	"Maybe we can get together and show off to each other sometimes."
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Meekness is uncommon patience in planning a worthwhile revenge.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Men use thought only to justify their wrong doings, and speech only to conceal their thoughts.
people	life	quip	general	0	Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans; it's lovely to be silly at the right moment.
people	society	quip	general	0	Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings.
people	life	quip	general	0	Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	More are taken in by hope than by cunning.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	More people are flattered into virtue than bullied out of vice.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Most of our lives are about proving something, either to ourselves or to someone else.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Most of the fear that spoils our life comes from attacking difficulties before we get to them.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Most of your faults are not your fault.
people	life	quip	general	0	Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.
people	arts	dark	general	0	Most people are unable to write because they are unable to think, and they are unable to think because they congenitally lack the equipment to do so, just as they congenitally lack the equipment to fly over the moon.
people	life	observation	general	0	Most people can do without the essentials, but not without the luxuries.
people	life	observation	general	0	Most people can't understand how others can blow their noses differently than they do.
people	life	quip	general	0	Most people deserve each other.
people	society	observation	general	0	Most people feel that everyone is entitled to their opinion.
people	life	observation	general	0	Most people have a furious itch to talk about themselves and are restrained only by the disinclination of others to listen. Reserve is an artificial quality that is developed in most of us as the result of innumerable rebuffs.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Most people have a mind that's open by appointment only.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Most people have two reasons for doing anything -- a good reason, and the real reason.
people	life	dark	general	0	Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are, at best, reformed or potential lunatics.
people	life	quip	general	0	Most people need some of their problems to help take their mind off some of the others.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Most people prefer certainty to truth.
people	life	quip	general	0	Mother told me to be good but she's been wrong before.
people	life	dark	general	0	Murder is always a mistake -- one should never do anything one cannot talk about after dinner.
people	life	quip	general	0	My brain is my second favorite organ.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right thing to say. And then say it with the utmost levity.
people	life	quip	general	0	My mind can never know my body, although it has become quite friendly with my legs.
people	life	quip	general	0	My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
people	life	quip	general	0	My own business always bores me to death; I prefer other people's.
people	life	quip	general	0	My philosophy is: Don't think.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
people	life	observation	general	0	Needs are a function of what other people have.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Neither spread the germs of gossip nor encourage others to do so.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never argue with a fool -- people might not be able to tell the difference.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Never ask the barber if you need a haircut.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never explain. Your friends do not need it and your enemies will never believe you anyway.
people	life	quip	general	0	Never face facts; if you do you'll never get up in the morning.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.
people	life	quip	general	0	Never frighten a small man -- he'll kill you.
people	life	quip	general	0	Never get into fights with ugly people because they have nothing to lose.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never kick a man, unless he's down.
people	life	quip	general	0	Never leave anything to chance; make sure all your crimes are premeditated.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never pay a compliment as if expecting a receipt.
people	life	quip	general	0	Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on that subject.
people	life	quip	general	0	Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
people	love	quip	general	0	Never, ever lie to someone you love unless you're absolutely sure they'll never find out the truth.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Nezvannyi gost'--khuzhe tatarina. [An uninvited guest is worse than the Mongol invasion] -- Russian proverb
people	life	insult	general	0	Nice boy, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	No character, however upright, is a match for constantly reiterated attacks, however false.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	No guest is so welcome in a friend's house that he will not become a nuisance after three days.
people	life	quip	general	0	No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	No man is useless who has a friend, and if we are loved we are indispensable.
people	life	quip	general	0	No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
people	life	observation	general	0	No matter what happens, there is always someone who knew it would.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	No one becomes depraved in a moment.
people	life	insult	general	0	No one can have a higher opinion of him than I have, and I think he's a dirty little beast.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	No one can put you down without your full cooperation.
people	life	quip	general	0	"No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid."
people	life	aphorism	general	0	No one knows what he can do till he tries.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
people	life	quip	general	0	No one so thoroughly appreciates the value of constructive criticism as the one who's giving it.
people	life	quip	general	0	No question is so difficult as one to which the answer is obvious.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	No sooner said than done -- so acts your man of worth.
people	life	quip	general	0	Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Nobody ever forgets where he buried the hatchet.
people	life	quip	general	0	Nobody knows the trouble I've been.
people	life	quip	general	0	Nobody knows what goes between his cold toes and his warm ears.
people	life	observation	general	0	Nobody wants constructive criticism. It's all we can do to put up with constructive praise.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
people	life	dark	general	0	Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner. Conscience makes egotists of us all.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Nothing shortens a journey so pleasantly as an account of misfortunes at which the hearer is permitted to laugh.
people	faith	quip	general	0	O Lord, grant that we may always be right, for Thou knowest we will never change our minds.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Objects are lost only because people look where they are not rather than where they are.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
people	society	quip	general	0	Oh this age! How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
people	life	dark	general	0	Oh wearisome condition of humanity! Born under one law, to another bound.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.
people	life	quip	general	0	Old age is always fifteen years old than I am.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Old age is the harbor of all ills.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
people	life	dark	general	0	Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.
people	life	quip	general	0	Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their inability to set a bad example.
people	life	quip	general	0	On Monday mornings I am dedicated to the proposition that all men are created jerks.
people	life	quip	general	0	One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
people	family	aphorism	general	0	One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious. -- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)
people	life	aphorism	general	0	One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
people	life	quip	general	0	One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	One of the large consolations for experiencing anything unpleasant is the knowledge that one can communicate it.
people	life	observation	general	0	One of the pleasures of reading old letters is the knowledge that they need no answer.
people	life	quip	general	0	One of the worst of my many faults is that I'm too critical of myself.
people	life	dark	general	0	One would like to stroke and caress human beings, but one dares not do so, because they bite.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Only a fool has no doubts.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
people	life	quip	general	0	Only fools are quoted.
people	life	quip	general	0	Only kings, presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right to use the editorial "we".
people	life	quip	general	0	Only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an elephant.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
people	life	joke	general	0	Only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one of them is paranoid and the other one is out to get him.
people	society	dark	general	0	Optimism is the content of small men in high places.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Original thought is like original sin: both happened before you were born to people you could not have possibly met.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Others can stop you temporarily, only you can do it permanently.
people	life	quip	general	0	Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Out of the crooked timber of humanity no straight thing can ever be made.
people	life	dark	general	0	Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world isn't out to get you.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Paranoia is heightened awareness.
people	life	quip	general	0	Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.
people	life	observation	general	0	Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one.
people	life	quip	general	0	Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems. It's easy to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
people	life	dark	general	0	Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as virtue.
people	life	quip	general	0	People are like onions -- you cut them up, and they make you cry.
people	life	quip	general	0	People are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects.
people	life	observation	general	0	People don't change; they only become more so.
people	life	quip	general	0	People don't usually make the same mistake twice -- they make it three times, four time, five times...
people	life	quip	general	0	People love high ideals, but they got to be about 33-percent plausible.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	People need good lies. There are too many bad ones.
people	life	observation	general	0	People often find it easier to be a result of the past than a cause of the future.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	People respond to people who respond.
people	life	quip	general	0	People say I live in my own little fantasy world... well, at least they *know* me there!
people	life	observation	general	0	People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people have been left out on the pleasure.
people	life	observation	general	0	People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
people	life	observation	general	0	People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
people	life	quip	general	0	People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage of them.
people	life	quip	general	0	People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't what they want that they don't want it.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	People who make no mistakes do not usually make anything.
people	life	quip	general	0	People who push both buttons should get their wish.
people	life	observation	general	0	People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.
people	life	quip	general	0	People who take cold baths never have rheumatism, but they have cold baths.
people	life	insult	general	0	People who think they know everything greatly annoy those of us who do.
people	life	observation	general	0	People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin Franklin said it first.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	People will do tomorrow what they did today because that is what they did yesterday.
people	life	quip	general	0	People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.
people	life	quip	general	0	Perhaps the world's second worst crime is boredom. The first is being a bore.
people	life	quip	general	0	Personifiers of the world, unite! You have nothing to lose but Mr. Dignity!
people	life	quip	general	0	Please don't put a strain on our friendship by asking me to do something for you.
people	life	quip	general	0	Please don't recommend me to your friends-- it's difficult enough to cope with you alone.
people	life	quip	general	0	Please forgive me if, in the heat of battle, I sometimes forget which side I'm on.
people	life	quip	general	0	Practically perfect people never permit sentiment to muddle their thinking.
people	life	quip	general	0	Pretend to spank me -- I'm a pseudo-masochist!
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Put your trust in those who are worthy.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Questions are never indiscreet, answers sometimes are.
people	society	quip	general	0	"Quite frankly, I don't like you humans. After what you all have done, I find being 'inhuman' a compliment."
people	life	observation	general	0	Rarely do people communicate; they just take turns talking.
people	family	quip	general	0	Relations are simply a tedious pack of people, who haven't the remotest knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct about when to die.
people	life	observation	general	0	... relaxed in the manner of a man who has no need to put up a front of any kind.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Remember: Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Revenge is a form of nostalgia.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Revenge is a meal best served cold.
people	arts	quip	general	0	Rincewind looked down at him and grinned slowly. It was a wide, manic, and utterly humourless rictus. It was the sort of grin that is normally accompanied by small riverside birds wandering in and out, picking scraps out of the teeth.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Rudeness is a weak man's imitation of strength.
people	faith	quip	general	0	Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proved innocent.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line.
people	life	quip	general	0	Sanity is the trademark of a weak mind.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Say no, then negotiate.
people	life	quip	general	0	Say something you'll be sorry for, I love receiving apologies.
people	life	quip	general	0	Scenery is here, wish you were beautiful.
people	life	quip	general	0	Schizophrenia beats being alone.
people	life	quip	general	0	Screw up your courage! You've screwed up everything else.
people	life	quip	general	0	"See - the thing is - I'm an absolutist. I mean, kind of ... in a way ..."
people	life	quip	general	0	Sentimentality -- that's what we call the sentiment we don't share.
people	life	quip	general	0	Serenity through viciousness.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight: always to try to be a little kinder than is necessary?
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Shame is an improper emotion invented by pietists to oppress the human race.
people	life	quip	general	0	She often gave herself very good advice (though she very seldom followed it).
people	life	quip	general	0	Short people get rained on last.
people	love	aphorism	general	0	Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.
people	faith	wisdom	general	0	Sin boldly.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
people	faith	wisdom	general	0	Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily. All other "sins" are invented nonsense. (Hurting yourself is not sinful -- just stupid).
people	life	quip	general	0	Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're alive.
people	life	quip	general	0	Since we're all here, we must not be all there. -- Bob "Mountain" Beck
people	life	quip	general	0	Sinners can repent, but stupid is forever.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	So far as we are human, what we do must be either evil or good: so far as we do evil or good, we are human: and it is better, in a paradoxical way, to do evil than to do nothing: at least we exist.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some don't prefer the pursuit of happiness to the happiness of pursuit.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some men are discovered; others are found out.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear lest she should catch a cold on overexposure.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Some of the things that live the longest in peoples' memories never really happened.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some people around here wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit them on the head.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some people cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some people have a way about them that seems to say: "If I have only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk."
people	life	observation	general	0	Some people have parts that are so private they themselves have no knowledge of them.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some people's mouths work faster than their brains. They say things they haven't even thought of yet.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.
people	life	quip	general	0	Someone will try to honk your nose today.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth.
people	life	quip	general	0	Sometimes I get the feeling that I went to a party on Perry Lane in 1962, and the party spilled out of the house, and came down the street, and covered the world.
people	life	quip	general	0	Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
people	life	observation	general	0	Sometimes when you look into his eyes you get the feeling that someone else is driving.
people	life	quip	general	0	Speak softly and carry a +6 two-handed sword.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Speak softly and own a big, mean Doberman.
people	life	dark	general	0	Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
people	life	quip	general	0	Start the day with a smile. After that you can be your nasty old self again.
people	love	dark	general	0	Stay together, drag each other down.
people	life	quip	general	0	Still looking for the glorious results of my misspent youth. Say, do you have a map to the next joint?
people	life	dark	general	0	Stupidity got us into this mess -- why can't it get us out?
people	life	quip	general	0	Stupidity is its own reward.
people	life	quip	general	0	Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.
people	life	quip	general	0	Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way before it is understood.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Success is a journey, not a destination.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.
people	life	quip	general	0	Success is in the minds of Fools.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Success is relative: It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things.
people	life	quip	general	0	Succumb to natural tendencies. Be hateful and boring.
people	arts	quip	general	0	Such a fine first dream! But they laughed at me; they said I had made it up.
people	life	dark	general	0	Suicide is simply a case of mistaken identity.
people	life	dark	general	0	Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
people	life	quip	general	0	Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.
people	life	quip	general	0	Sure he's sharp as a razor ... he's a two-dimensional pinhead!
people	life	quip	general	0	Surly to bed, surly to rise, makes you about average.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Tact in audacity is knowing how far you can go without going too far.
people	life	quip	general	0	Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Take a lesson from the whale; the only time he gets speared is when he raises to spout.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	Talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
people	life	observation	general	0	Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll believe you. Tell him a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have to touch to be sure.
people	life	quip	general	0	Tell me what to think!!!
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Telling the truth to people who misunderstand you is generally promoting a falsehood, isn't it?
people	life	insult	general	0	"That boy's about as sharp as a pound of wet liver"
people	life	quip	general	0	That must be wonderful: I don't understand it at all.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.
people	life	observation	general	0	That's always the way when you discover something new; everyone thinks you're crazy.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that he is already degraded.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The angry man always thinks he can do more than he can.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The average nutritional value of promises is roughly zero.
people	life	dark	general	0	The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in the morning feeling just terrible.
people	life	quip	general	0	The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	The best portion of a good man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
people	life	quip	general	0	The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The best way to get rid of worries is to let them die of neglect.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The bigger they are, the harder they hit.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has occurred.
people	arts	quip	general	0	The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.
people	society	dark	general	0	The brotherhood of man is not a mere poet's dream; it is a most depressing and humiliating reality.
people	life	quip	general	0	The difference between a good haircut and a bad one is seven days.
people	life	dark	general	0	The difference between common-sense and paranoia is that common-sense is thinking everyone is out to get you. That's normal -- they are. Paranoia is thinking that they're conspiring.
people	life	quip	general	0	The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The discerning person is always at a disadvantage.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The distinction between true and false appears to become increasingly blurred by... the pollution of the language.
people	society	dark	general	0	The end of the human race will be that it will eventually die of civilization.
people	nature	wisdom	general	0	The forest is safe because a lion lives therein and the lion is safe because it lives in a forest. Likewise the friendship of persons rests on mutual help.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The full potentialities of human fury cannot be reached until a friend of both parties tactfully interferes.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The Golden Rule is of no use to you whatever unless you realize it is your move.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	The great merit of society is to make one appreciate solitude.
people	life	quip	general	0	The great secret in life ... [is] not to open your letters for a fortnight. At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have answered themselves.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
people	family	quip	general	0	The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when you put a lot of relatives on the train for home.
people	family	wisdom	general	0	The hatred of relatives is the most violent. -- Tacitus (c.55 - c.117)
people	life	quip	general	0	... the heat come 'round and busted me for smiling on a cloudy day.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The help people need most urgently is help in admitting that they need help.
people	science	observation	general	0	The human mind treats a new idea the way the body treats a strange protein -- it rejects it.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	The human race never solves any of its problems. It merely outlives them.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
people	life	observation	general	0	The kind of danger people most enjoy is the kind they can watch from a safe place.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The knowledge that makes us cherish innocence makes innocence unattainable.
people	love	quip	general	0	The last time I saw him he was walking down Lover's Lane holding his own hand.
people	faith	aphorism	general	0	The Lord prefers common-looking people. That is the reason that He makes so many of them.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	The major advances in civilization are processes that all but wreck the societies in which they occur.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	The man who raises a fist has run out of ideas.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
people	life	observation	general	0	The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The mirror sees the man as beautiful, the mirror loves the man; another mirror sees the man as frightful and hates him; and it is always the same being who produces the impressions.
people	nature	quip	general	0	The more I know men the more I like my horse.
people	nature	quip	general	0	The more I see of men the more I admire dogs.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The more we disagree, the more chance there is that at least one of us is right.
people	life	quip	general	0	The most disagreeable thing that your worst enemy says to your face does not approach what your best friends say behind your back.
people	life	quip	general	0	The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.
people	life	quip	general	0	The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The odds are a million to one against your being one in a million.
people	life	observation	general	0	The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.
people	life	observation	general	0	The older I grow, the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
people	faith	wisdom	general	0	The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
people	life	quip	general	0	The only really decent thing to do behind a person's back is pat it.
people	love	aphorism	general	0	The only rose without thorns is friendship.
people	life	quip	general	0	The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on. It is never any use to oneself.
people	life	dark	general	0	The only two things that motivate me and that matter to me are revenge and guilt.
people	life	dark	general	0	The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
people	life	observation	general	0	The opposite of talking isn't listening. The opposite of talking is waiting.
people	life	observation	general	0	The part of the world that people find most puzzling is the part called "Me".
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The people sensible enough to give good advice are usually sensible enough to give none.
people	life	quip	general	0	The point is, you see, that there is no point in driving yourself mad trying to stop yourself going mad. You might just as well give in and save your sanity for later.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	... the privileged being which we call human is distinguished from other animals only by certain double-edged manifestations which in charity we can only call "inhuman."
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
people	life	quip	general	0	The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
people	life	quip	general	0	The propriety of some persons seems to consist in having improper thoughts about their neighbours.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
people	science	observation	general	0	The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body. This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.
people	life	dark	general	0	"The Schizophrenic: An Unauthorized Autobiography"
people	life	quip	general	0	The second best policy is dishonesty.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The strong give up and move away, while the weak give up and stay.
people	life	quip	general	0	The sudden sight of me causes panic in the streets. They have yet to learn -- only the savage fears what he does not understand.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
people	life	observation	general	0	The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.
people	life	quip	general	0	The three questions of greatest concern are -- 1. Is it attractive? 2. Is it amusing? 3. Does it know its place?
people	life	observation	general	0	The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds the other fellow of a dull one.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
people	life	dark	general	0	The very remembrance of my former misfortune proves a new one to me.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	The way of the world is to praise dead saints and prosecute live ones.
people	life	observation	general	0	The way some people find fault, you'd think there was some kind of reward.
people	love	pun	general	0	The way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The wise man seeks everything in himself; the ignorant man tries to get everything from somebody else.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The wonderful thing about a dancing bear is not how well he dances, but that he dances at all.
people	life	quip	general	0	The world needs more people like us and fewer like them.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The worst is not so long as we can say "This is the worst."
people	life	observation	general	0	The worst part of having success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them, but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they are sober.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The worst thing one can do is not to try, to be aware of what one wants and not give in to it, to spend years in silent hurt wondering if something could have materialized -- and never knowing.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	There are few people more often in the wrong than those who cannot endure to be thought so.
people	life	observation	general	0	There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal friend. They may know something that we don't. They are probably avoiding a great deal of pain.
people	life	observation	general	0	There are more dead people than living, and their numbers are increasing.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	There are no emotional victims, only volunteers.
people	life	quip	general	0	There are no great men, buster. There are only men.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	There are no great men, only great challenges that ordinary men are forced by circumstances to meet.
people	life	quip	general	0	There are only two kinds of men -- the dead and the deadly.
people	life	observation	general	0	There are people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the truth without lying.
people	life	observation	general	0	There are two types of people in this world, good and bad. The good sleep better, but the bad seem to enjoy the waking hours much more.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	There comes a time to stop being angry.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	There is a certain frame of mind to which a cemetery is, if not an antidote, at least an alleviation. If you are in a fit of the blues, go nowhere else.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	There is an innocence in admiration; it is found in those to whom it has not yet occurred that they, too, might be admired some day.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	There is brutality and there is honesty. There is no such thing as brutal honesty.
people	life	dark	general	0	There is no delight the equal of dread. As long as it is somebody else's.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
people	life	quip	general	0	There is no statute of limitations on stupidity.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.
people	life	dark	general	0	There is no such thing as inner peace. There is only nervousness or death. Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behaviour.
people	life	quip	general	0	There is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.
people	life	quip	general	0	There is nothing stranger in a strange land than the stranger who comes to visit.
people	society	quip	general	0	There is only one word for aid that is genuinely without strings, and that word is blackmail.
people	life	quip	general	0	There may be said to be two classes of people in the world; those who constantly divide the people of the world into two classes and those who do not.
people	life	quip	general	0	There's a fine line between courage and foolishness. Too bad it's not a fence.
people	life	quip	general	0	There's a lot to be said for not saying a lot.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	There's no saint like a reformed sinner.
people	life	dark	general	0	There's no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes with it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Therefore it is necessary to learn how not to be good, and to use this knowledge and not use it, according to the necessity of the cause.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	They also serve who only stand and wait.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea.
people	life	quip	general	0	"They told me I was gullible ... and I believed them!"
people	life	quip	general	0	They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!
people	life	tv-quote	general	0	"They're unfriendly, which is fortunate, really. They'd be difficult to like."
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
people	life	quip	general	0	This generation doesn't have emotional baggage. We have emotional moving vans.
people	life	quip	general	0	Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Those who are mentally and emotionally healthy are those who have learned when to say yes, when to say no and when to say whoopee.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Those who don't know, talk. Those who don't talk, know.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.
people	life	quip	general	0	To any truly impartial person, it would be obvious that I am always right.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To be great is to be misunderstood.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To be is to be related.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To be who one is, is not to be someone else.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To be wise, the only thing you really need to know is when to say "I don't know."
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To believe your own thought, to believe that what is true for you in your private heart is true for all men -- that is genius.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize the competent.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally convenient solutions; both dispense with the necessity of reflection.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	To find a friend one must close one eye; to keep him -- two.
people	life	dark	general	0	To keep your friends treat them kindly; to kill them, treat them often.
people	life	quip	general	0	To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	To make an enemy, do someone a favor.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To stay young requires unceasing cultivation of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Too clever is dumb.
people	life	quip	general	0	Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Truly great madness can not be achieved without significant intelligence.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Try to be the best of whatever you are, even if what you are is no good.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	Uh-oh -- I've let the cat out of the bag. Let me, then, straightforwardly state the thesis I shall now elaborate: Making variations on a theme is really the crux of creativity.
people	love	wisdom	general	0	Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense. -- e.e. cummings
people	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vila: "I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life." Orac: "It is unlikely. I would predict there are far greater mistakes waiting to be made by someone with your obvious talent for it."
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Virtue does not always demand a heavy sacrifice -- only the willingness to make it when necessary.
people	life	quip	general	0	Virtue is its own punishment.
people	faith	aphorism	general	0	Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
people	life	dark	general	0	Waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered a capital crime. For a first offense, that is.
people	life	quip	general	0	Walk softly and carry a BFG-9000.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Walk softly and carry a big stick.
people	life	quip	general	0	Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We all dream of being the darling of everybody's darling.
people	arts	quip	general	0	We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We are all born mad. Some remain so.
people	life	dark	general	0	We are all dying -- and we're gonna be dead for a long time.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We are all so much together and yet we are all dying of loneliness.
people	life	dark	general	0	We are anthill men upon an anthill world.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	We are each only one drop in a great ocean -- but some of the drops sparkle!
people	love	wisdom	general	0	We are not loved by our friends for what we are; rather, we are loved in spite of what we are.
people	life	observation	general	0	We are so fond of each other because our ailments are the same.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	We have more to fear from the bungling of the incompetent than from the machinations of the wicked.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We lie loudest when we lie to ourselves.
people	life	quip	general	0	We may not return the affection of those who like us, but we always respect their good judgement.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	We only acknowledge small faults in order to make it appear that we are free from great ones.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	We prefer to believe that the absence of inverted commas guarantees the originality of a thought, whereas it may be merely that the utterer has forgotten its source.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We prefer to speak evil of ourselves rather than not speak of ourselves at all.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.
people	life	observation	general	0	We read to say that we have read.
people	society	dark	general	0	We really don't have any enemies. It's just that some of our best friends are trying to kill us.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
people	life	quip	general	0	Well, I'm disenchanted too. We're all disenchanted.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide a grin.
people	life	quip	general	0	What good is it if you talk in flowers, and they think in pastry?
people	society	wisdom	general	0	What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly -- that is the first law of nature.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us is that they think themselves cleverer than we are.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	What on earth would a man do with himself if something did not stand in his way?
people	love	wisdom	general	0	What upsets me is not that you lied to me, but that from now on I can no longer believe you.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
people	society	quip	general	0	What's the matter with the world? Why, there ain't but one thing wrong with every one of us -- and that's "selfishness."
people	society	quip	general	0	What's this stuff about people being "released on their own recognizance"? Aren't we all out on our own recognizance?
people	faith	quip	general	0	What, after all, is a halo? It's only one more thing to keep clean.
people	life	quip	general	0	Whatever you may be sure of, be sure of this: that you are dreadfully like other people.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	When a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight, it concentrates his mind wonderfully.
people	society	observation	general	0	When a man you like switches from what he said a year ago, or four years ago, he is a broad-minded man who has courage enough to change his mind with changing conditions. When a man you don't like does it, he is a liar who has broken his promises.
people	life	quip	general	0	When all other means of communication fail, try words.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	When among apes, one must play the ape.
people	faith	quip	general	0	When God endowed human beings with brains, He did not intend to guarantee them.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	When in doubt, do it. It's much easier to apologize than to get permission.
people	life	quip	general	0	When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.
people	life	observation	general	0	When people say nothing, they don't necessarily mean nothing.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	When there are two conflicting versions of the story, the wise course is to believe the one in which people appear at their worst.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	When you dig another out of trouble, you've got a place to bury your own.
people	life	dark	general	0	When you jump for joy, beware that no-one moves the ground from beneath your feet.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	When you speak to others for their own good it's advice; when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	When you try to make an impression, the chances are that is the impression you will make.
people	life	quip	general	0	WHENEVER ANYBODY SAYS he's struggling to become a human being I have to laugh because the apes beat him to it by about a million years. Struggle to become a parrot or something.
people	health-body	quip	general	0	Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.
people	life	quip	general	0	Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Whenever someone tells you to take their advice, you can be pretty sure that they're not using it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	... whether it is better to spend a life not knowing what you want or to spend a life knowing exactly what you want and that you will never have it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	While anyone can admit to themselves they were wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.
people	life	dark	general	0	While having never invented a sin, I'm trying to perfect several.
people	life	observation	general	0	While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their correctness never does.
people	society	dark	general	0	While we are sleeping, two-thirds of the world is plotting to do us in.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's still very reassuring to know that it's still there.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are safe, for you can watch both of his.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And when you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks into you.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.
people	life	quip	general	0	Why be difficult when, with a bit of effort, you could be impossible?
people	life	quip	general	0	Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with?
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Why my thoughts are my own, when they are in, but when they are out they are another's.
people	life	quip	general	0	Why was I born with such contemporaries?
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she kissed her cow.
people	faith	quip	general	0	Will your long-winded speeches never end? What ails you that you keep on arguing? -- Job 16:3
people	life	observation	general	0	Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.
people	life	quip	general	0	With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I try to be a fraud and a half.
people	love	aphorism	general	0	With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Words must be weighed, not counted.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Worrying is like rocking in a rocking chair -- It gives you something to do, but it doesn't get you anywhere.
people	arts	aphorism	general	0	Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
people	life	quip	general	0	Ye've also got to remember that ... respectable people do the most astonishin' things to preserve their respectability. Thank God I'm not respectable.
people	life	quip	general	0	Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.
people	life	quip	general	0	Yield to Temptation ... it may not pass your way again.
people	life	quip	general	0	You ain't learning nothing when you're talking.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
people	life	quip	general	0	You are absolute plate-glass. I see to the very back of your mind.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You are not a fool just because you have done something foolish -- only if the folly of it escapes you.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You can always tell luck from ability by its duration.
people	life	quip	general	0	You can always tell the people that are forging the new frontier. They're the ones with arrows sticking out of their backs.
people	life	quip	general	0	You can bear anything if it isn't your own fault.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
people	work-money	pun	general	0	You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You can't cheat an honest man. Never give a sucker an even break or smarten up a chump.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.
people	life	quip	general	0	You can't erase a dream, you can only wake me up.
people	life	quip	general	0	You can't have your cake and let your neighbor eat it too.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
people	life	dark	general	0	You can't learn too soon that the most useful thing about a principle is that it can always be sacrificed to expediency.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You can't play your friends like marks, kid.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You can't start worrying about what's going to happen. You get spastic enough worrying about what's happening now.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	"You can't teach people to be lazy - either they have it, or they don't."
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You cannot use your friends and have them too.
people	life	quip	general	0	You could get a new lease on life -- if only you didn't need the first and last month in advance.
people	life	quip	general	0	You don't have to be nice to people on the way up if you're not planning on coming back down.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You don't have to explain something you never said.
people	love	uplifting	general	0	You give me space to belong to myself yet without separating me from your own life. May it all turn out to your happiness.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
people	life	quip	general	0	You humans are all alike.
people	faith	quip	general	0	You just wait, I'll sin till I blow up!
people	society	aphorism	general	0	You know how to win a victory, Hannibal, but not how to use it.
people	life	quip	general	0	You know it's going to be a bad day when you want to put on the clothes you wore home from the party and there aren't any.
people	life	observation	general	0	You know it's going to be a long day when you get up, shave and shower, start to get dressed and your shoes are still warm.
people	life	joke	general	0	You know it's Monday when you wake up and it's Tuesday.
people	life	quip	general	0	You know what they say -- the sweetest word in the English language is revenge.
people	life	quip	general	0	You know you are getting old when you think you should drive the speed limit.
people	life	observation	general	0	You know your apartment is small... when you can't know its position and velocity at the same time. you put your key in the lock and it breaks the window. you have to go outside to change your mind. you can vacuum the entire place using a single electrical outlet.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You may be sure that when a man begins to call himself a "realist," he is preparing to do something he is secretly ashamed of doing.
people	life	quip	general	0	You may easily play a joke on a man who likes to argue -- agree with him.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You must know that a man can have only one invulnerable loyalty, loyalty to his own concept of the obligations of manhood. All other loyalties are merely deputies of that one.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You never gain something but that you lose something.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You never go anywhere without your soul.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You never know what is enough until you know what is more than enough.
people	life	quip	general	0	You never learn anything by doing it right.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You probably wouldn't worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You see things; and you say "Why?" But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You shall judge of a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
people	life	quip	general	0	You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think.
people	life	quip	general	0	You should make a point of trying every experience once -- except incest and folk-dancing.
people	life	quip	general	0	You shouldn't wallow in self-pity. But it's OK to put your feet in it and swish them around a little.
people	work-money	observation	general	0	You want to know why I kept getting promoted? Because my mouth knows more than my brain.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
people	life	quip	general	0	You'd best be snoozin', 'cause you don't be gettin' no work done at 5 a.m. anyway. -- From the wall of the Wurster Hall stairwell
people	life	quip	general	0	You'd better smile when they watch you, smile like you're in control.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You're always thinking you're gonna be the one that makes 'em act different.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You're either part of the solution or part of the problem.
people	life	quip	general	0	You're never too old to become younger.
people	life	insult	general	0	You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
people	life	quip	general	0	You've been telling me to relax all the way here, and now you're telling me just to be myself?
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Young men think old men are fools; but old men know young men are fools.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Young men, hear an old man to whom old men hearkened when he was young.
people	life	quip	general	0	Your conscience never stops you from doing anything. It just stops you from enjoying it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Youth -- not a time of life but a state of mind... a predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the love of ease.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Youth is a blunder, manhood a struggle, old age a regret.
people	life	quip	general	0	Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you bring forth what is within you, what you bring forth will save you. If you do not bring forth what is within you, what you do not bring forth will destroy you.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I am myself plus my circumstance, and if I do not save it, I cannot save myself.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	If a man slept by day, he had little time to work. That was a satisfying notion to Escargot. -- "The Stone Giant", James P. Blaylock
people	life	observation	general	0	He liked fishing a little too much, and he believed that work was something a man did when he had to. He had always been able to get along well enough without it, especially for the last couple of years. -- "The Stone Giant", James P. Blaylock
people	society	quip	general	0	Would a giant, profit-oriented cartel lie to you?
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Some days you wake and immediately start worrying. Nothing in particular is wrong, it's just the suspicion that forces are aligning quietly and there will be trouble. -- "Survival Series", Jenny Holzer
people	faith	quip	general	0	I am examining you on your fool ideas that no intelligent Christian on earth believes.
people	food	quip	general	0	"Go on, girl! You'll never get a better chance to buy Jif at this price. *Carpe diem*, babe!" -- "The Naked Consumer", Erik Larson
people	life	quip	general	0	I'm enthralled by combine harvesters. In fact, I yearn to have one -- as a pet. -- "The Day of the Jackal"
people	life	quip	general	0	The horizon of many people is a circle with a radius of zero. They call this their point of view.
people	life	quip	general	0	The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist is afraid this might be true. -- crazyphilman's sig on kuro5hin
people	arts	quip	general	0	It's rare that you see an artist in his 30s or 40s able to really contribute something amazing.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	Do you want to spend the rest of your life selling sugared water or do you want a chance to change the world?
people	life	quip	general	0	It's more fun to be a pirate than to join the navy.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me ... Going to bed at night saying we've done something wonderful... that's what matters to me.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: "If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?" And whenever the answer has been "No" for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	I'm the only person I know that's lost a quarter of a billion dollars in one year.... It's very character-building
people	life	dark	general	0	It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life. Terry Pratchett (1948-2015)
people	faith	quip	general	0	I commend my soul to any God that can find it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	So much universe, and so little time.
science	science	quip	general	0	1 + 1 = 3, for large values of 1.
science	life	joke	general	0	(1) A sheet of paper is an ink-lined plane. (2) An inclined plane is a slope up. (3) A slow pup is a lazy dog. QED: A sheet of paper is a lazy dog.
science	arts	quip	general	0	(1) Never draw what you can copy. (2) Never copy what you can trace. (3) Never trace what you can cut out and paste down.
science	science	quip	general	0	(1) X=Y ; Given (2) X^2=XY ; Multiply both sides by X (3) X^2-Y^2=XY-Y^2 ; Subtract Y^2 from both sides (4) (X+Y)(X-Y)=Y(X-Y) ; Factor (5) X+Y=Y ; Cancel out (X-Y) term (6) 2Y=Y ; Substitute X for Y, by equation 1 (7) 2=1 ; Divide both sides by Y -- "Omni", proof that 2 equals 1
science	science	quip	general	0	1.79 x 10^12 furlongs per fortnight -- it's not just a good idea, it's the law!
science	tech	fact	general	0	10.0 times 0.1 is hardly ever 1.0.
science	science	quip	general	0	"355/113 -- Not the famous irrational number PI, but an incredible simulation!"
science	life	quip	general	0	A conclusion is simply the place where someone got tired of thinking.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	A conference is a gathering of important people who singly can do nothing but together can decide that nothing can be done.
science	tech	quip	general	0	A fail-safe circuit will destroy others.
science	tech	aphorism	general	0	A failure will not appear until a unit has passed final inspection.
science	science	fact	general	0	"A fractal is by definition a set for which the Hausdorff Besicovitch dimension strictly exceeds the topological dimension."
science	arts	quip	general	0	"A horrible little boy came up to me and said, `You know in your book The Martian Chronicles?' I said, `Yes?' He said, `You know where you talk about Deimos rising in the East?' I said, `Yes?' He said `No.' -- So I hit him." -- attributed to Ray Bradbury
science	science	quip	general	0	A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems.
science	tech	wisdom	general	0	A method of solution is perfect if we can forsee from the start, and even prove, that following that method we shall attain our aim.
science	science	observation	general	0	A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	A scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.
science	science	quip	general	0	A sine curve goes off to infinity, or at least the end of the blackboard.
science	life	joke	general	0	A social scientist, studying the culture and traditions of a small North African tribe, found a woman still practicing the ancient art of matchmaking. Locally, she was known as the Moor, the marrier.
science	life	joke	general	0	A statistician, who refused to fly after reading of the alarmingly high probability that there will be a bomb on any given plane, realized that the probability of there being two bombs on any given flight is very low. Now, whenever he flies, he carries a bomb with him.
science	tech	observation	general	0	A transistor protected by a fast-acting fuse will protect the fuse by blowing first.
science	life	quip	general	0	A triangle which has an angle of 135 degrees is called an obscene triangle.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	According to convention there is a sweet and a bitter, a hot and a cold, and according to convention, there is an order. In truth, there are atoms and a void.
science	science	quip	general	0	According to the latest official figures, 43% of all statistics are totally worthless.
science	work-money	observation	general	0	After an instrument has been assembled, extra components will be found on the bench.
science	life	quip	general	0	After the last of 16 mounting screws has been removed from an access cover, it will be discovered that the wrong access cover has been removed.
science	life	pun	general	0	After years of research, scientists recently reported that there is, indeed, arroz in Spanish Harlem.
science	life	pun	general	0	Against his wishes, a math teacher's classroom was remodeled. Ever since, he's been talking about the good old dais. His students planted a small orchard in his honor; the trees all have square roots.
science	science	quip	general	0	Air is water with holes in it.
science	nature	pun	general	0	Air pollution is really making us pay through the nose.
science	tech	dark	general	0	Alexander Graham Bell is alive and well in New York, and still waiting for a dial tone.
science	science	quip	general	0	Algebraic symbols are used when you do not know what you are talking about.
science	tech	wisdom	general	0	All Finagle Laws may be bypassed by learning the simple art of doing without thinking.
science	science	aphorism	general	0	All great discoveries are made by mistake.
science	life	aphorism	general	0	All great ideas are controversial, or have been at one time.
science	society	quip	general	0	All laws are simulations of reality.
science	science	fact	general	0	All life evolves by the differential survival of replicating entities.
science	society	pun	general	0	All power corrupts, but we need electricity.
science	science	quip	general	0	All science is either physics or stamp collecting.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	All seems condemned in the long run to approximate a state akin to Gaussian noise.
science	life	quip	general	0	All syllogisms have three parts, therefore this is not a syllogism.
science	science	quip	general	0	All the evidence concerning the universe has not yet been collected, so there's still hope.
science	science	quip	general	0	All theoretical chemistry is really physics; and all theoretical chemists know it.
science	science	fact	general	0	Although the moon is smaller than the earth, it is farther away.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Always draw your curves, then plot your reading.
science	life	aphorism	general	0	Always leave room to add an explanation if it doesn't work out.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	Always think of something new; this helps you forget your last rotten idea.
science	life	quip	general	0	Always try to do things in chronological order; it's less confusing that way.
science	society	wisdom	general	0	An age is called Dark not because the light fails to shine, but because people refuse to see it.
science	life	quip	general	0	An anthropologist at Tulane has just come back from a field trip to New Guinea with reports of a tribe so primitive that they have Tide but not new Tide with lemon-fresh Borax.
science	life	quip	general	0	An authority is a person who can tell you more about something than you really care to know.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	An economist is a man who would marry Farrah Fawcett-Majors for her money.
science	society	quip	general	0	An egghead is one who stands firmly on both feet, in mid-air, on both sides of an issue.
science	tech	observation	general	0	Any circuit design must contain at least one part which is obsolete, two parts which are unobtainable, and three parts which are still under development.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from a rigged demo.
science	tech	aphorism	general	0	Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.
science	science	quip	general	0	Anyone who cannot cope with mathematics is not fully human. At best he is a tolerable subhuman who has learned to wear shoes, bathe and not make messes in the house.
science	nature	wisdom	general	0	Anyone who imagines that all fruits ripen at the same time as the strawberries, knows nothing about grapes.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	"Anything created must necessarily be inferior to the essence of the creator."
science	life	aphorism	general	0	Anything cut to length will be too short.
science	life	quip	general	0	Arithmetic is being able to count up to twenty without taking off your shoes.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Artificial intelligence has the same relation to intelligence as artificial flowers have to flowers.
science	science	quip	general	0	"As an adolescent I aspired to lasting fame, I craved factual certainty, and I thirsted for a meaningful vision of human life -- so I became a scientist. This is like becoming an archbishop so you can meet girls."
science	science	wisdom	general	0	As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality.
science	tech	quip	general	0	As you will see, I told them, in no uncertain terms, to see Figure one. -- Dave "First Strike" Pare
science	work-money	quip	general	0	Ask five economists and you'll get five different explanations (six if one went to Harvard).
science	science	wisdom	general	0	At any given moment, an arrow must be either where it is or where it is not. But obviously it cannot be where it is not. And if it is where it is, that is equivalent to saying that it is at rest. -- Zeno's paradox of the moving (still?) arrow
science	tech	joke	general	0	Base 8 is just like base 10, if you are missing two fingers.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Before Xerox, five carbons were the maximum extension of anybody's ego.
science	science	quip	general	0	Between infinite and short there is a big difference.
science	science	quip	general	0	Biology grows on you.
science	science	pun	general	0	Biology is the only science in which multiplication means the same thing as division.
science	science	quip	general	0	But it does move!
science	life	wisdom	general	0	But you who live on dreams, you are better pleased with the sophistical reasoning and frauds of talkers about great and uncertain matters than those who speak of certain and natural matters, not of such lofty nature.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	Celestial navigation is based on the premise that the Earth is the center of the universe. The premise is wrong, but the navigation works. An incorrect model can be a useful tool.
science	science	pun	general	0	Chemist who falls in acid is absorbed in work.
science	science	pun	general	0	Chemist who falls in acid will be tripping for weeks.
science	science	quip	general	0	Chemistry is applied theology.
science	science	pun	general	0	Chemistry professors never die, they just fail to react.
science	science	quip	general	0	"Consider a spherical bear, in simple harmonic motion..." -- Professor in the UCB physics department
science	arts	tv-quote	general	0	"Contrariwise," continued Tweedledee, "if it was so, it might be, and if it were so, it would be; but as it isn't, it ain't. That's logic!"
science	faith	joke	general	0	Did you hear that there's a group of South American Indians that worship the number zero? Is nothing sacred?
science	nature	joke	general	0	Did you hear that two rabbits escaped from the zoo and so far they have only recaptured 116 of them?
science	work-money	joke	general	0	Did you know that if you took all the economists in the world and lined them up end to end, they'd still point in the wrong direction?
science	science	quip	general	0	Dimensions will always be expressed in the least usable term, convertible only through the use of weird and unnatural conversion factors. Velocity, for example, will be expressed in furlongs per fortnight.
science	nature	quip	general	0	Dinosaurs aren't extinct. They've just learned to hide in the trees.
science	science	pun	general	0	Do molecular biologists wear designer genes?
science	life	quip	general	0	Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together ...
science	science	quip	general	0	E = MC ** 2 +- 3db
science	work-money	quip	general	0	Economics is extremely useful as a form of employment for economists.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	Economists can certainly disappoint you. One said that the economy would turn up by the last quarter. Well, I'm down to mine and it hasn't.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	Economists state their GNP growth projections to the nearest tenth of a percentage point to prove they have a sense of humor.
science	life	quip	general	0	Elegance and truth are inversely related.
science	science	quip	general	0	Elliptic paraboloids for sale.
science	science	pun	general	0	Entropy isn't what it used to be.
science	science	quip	general	0	Entropy requires no maintenance.
science	science	quip	general	0	Enzymes are things invented by biologists that explain things which otherwise require harder thinking.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Every little picofarad has a nanohenry all its own.
science	science	quip	general	0	Every nonzero finite dimensional inner product space has an orthonormal basis. It makes sense, when you don't think about it.
science	science	quip	general	0	Every paper published in a respectable journal should have a preface by the author stating why he is publishing the article, and what value he sees in it. I have no hope that this practice will ever be adopted.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Everything that can be invented has been invented.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	Experience varies directly with equipment ruined.
science	tech	aphorism	general	0	Experiments must be reproducible; they should all fail in the same way.
science	science	quip	general	0	Factorials were someone's attempt to make math LOOK exciting.
science	society	quip	general	0	Facts are stubborn, but statistics are more pliable.
science	science	quip	general	0	Federal grants are offered for... research into the recreation potential of interplanetary space travel for the culturally disadvantaged.
science	science	quip	general	0	Five is a sufficiently close approximation to infinity.
science	life	aphorism	general	0	For every complex problem, there is a solution that is simple, neat, and wrong.
science	life	quip	general	0	For God's sake, stop researching for a while and begin to think!
science	tech	quip	general	0	For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two.
science	nature	fact	general	0	FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #44 Zebras are colored with dark stripes on a light background.
science	life	pun	general	0	Friction is a drag.
science	life	dark	general	0	Fundamentally, there may be no basis for anything.
science	family	observation	general	0	Genetics explains why you look like your father, and if you don't, why you should.
science	life	joke	general	0	(German philosopher) Georg Wilhelm Hegel, on his deathbed, complained, "Only one man ever understood me." He fell silent for a while and then added, "And he didn't understand me."
science	faith	aphorism	general	0	God doesn't play dice.
science	science	quip	general	0	God made the integers; all else is the work of Man.
science	science	quip	general	0	God runs electromagnetics by wave theory on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, and the Devil runs them by quantum theory on Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.
science	science	observation	general	0	Going the speed of light is bad for your age.
science	life	quip	general	0	Good morning. This is the telephone company. Due to repairs, we're giving you advance notice that your service will be cut off indefinitely at ten o'clock. That's two minutes from now.
science	life	quip	general	0	Gosh that takes me back... or is it forward? That's the trouble with time travel, you never can tell."
science	science	joke	general	0	Got Mole problems? Call Avogadro at 6.02 x 10^23.
science	science	pun	general	0	Gravity brings me down.
science	science	quip	general	0	Gravity is a myth, the Earth sucks.
science	science	joke	general	0	GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#1): April 2, 1751 Isaac Newton becomes discouraged when he falls up a flight of stairs.
science	life	aphorism	general	0	Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
science	science	pun	general	0	He keeps differentiating, flying off on a tangent.
science	science	quip	general	0	He: Let's end it all, bequeathin' our brains to science. She: What?!? Science got enough trouble with their OWN brains.
science	science	pun	general	0	Heard that the next Space Shuttle is supposed to carry several Guernsey cows? It's gonna be the herd shot 'round the world.
science	science	observation	general	0	Heavier than air flying machines are impossible.
science	science	quip	general	0	Heisenberg may have been here.
science	science	quip	general	0	Heisenberg may have slept here...
science	nature	quip	general	0	Help fight continental drift.
science	science	fact	general	0	Houston, Tranquillity Base here. The Eagle has landed.
science	tech	quip	general	0	How can you do 'New Math' problems with an 'Old Math' mind?
science	science	joke	general	0	How many weeks are there in a light year?
science	life	wisdom	general	0	How often I found where I should be going only by setting out for somewhere else.
science	life	dark	general	0	Human beings were created by water to transport it uphill.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	I am not an Economist. I am an honest man!
science	faith	wisdom	general	0	I cannot believe that God plays dice with the cosmos.
science	life	quip	general	0	"I don't think so," said Rene Descartes. Just then, he vanished.
science	life	quip	general	0	I have a theory that it's impossible to prove anything, but I can't prove it.
science	science	quip	general	0	I have hardly ever known a mathematician who was capable of reasoning.
science	life	quip	general	0	I have yet to see any problem, however complicated, which, when you looked at it in the right way, did not become still more complicated.
science	science	observation	general	0	I put up my thumb... and it blotted out the planet Earth.
science	faith	quip	general	0	I tell them to turn to the study of mathematics, for it is only there that they might escape the lusts of the flesh.
science	tech	quip	general	0	"I think it is true for all n. I was just playing it safe with n >= 3 because I couldn't remember the proof."
science	life	quip	general	0	I THINK MAN INVENTED THE CAR by instinct.
science	science	observation	general	0	I THINK THERE SHOULD BE SOMETHING in science called the "reindeer effect." I don't know what it would be, but I think it'd be good to hear someone say, "Gentlemen, what we have here is a terrifying example of the reindeer effect."
science	life	quip	general	0	I THINK THEY SHOULD CONTINUE the policy of not giving a Nobel Prize for paneling.
science	tech	quip	general	0	I use technology in order to hate it more properly.
science	society	quip	general	0	If A = B and B = C, then A = C, except where void or prohibited by law.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	If a camel is a horse designed by a committee, then a consensus forecast is a camel's behind.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	If A equals success, then the formula is A = X + Y + Z. X is work. Y is play. Z is keep your mouth shut.
science	life	quip	general	0	If all else fails, immortality can always be assured by spectacular error.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	If all the world's economists were laid end to end, we wouldn't reach a conclusion.
science	science	quip	general	0	If an experiment works, something has gone wrong.
science	science	quip	general	0	If entropy is increasing, where is it coming from?
science	faith	joke	general	0	If God is perfect, why did He create discontinuous functions?
science	life	quip	general	0	If I had only known, I would have been a locksmith.
science	life	quip	general	0	If I have not seen so far it is because I stood in giant's footsteps.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	If I set here and stare at nothing long enough, people might think I'm an engineer working on something.
science	tech	aphorism	general	0	If in any problem you find yourself doing an immense amount of work, the answer can be obtained by simple inspection.
science	faith	wisdom	general	0	If it is a Miracle, any sort of evidence will answer, but if it is a Fact, proof is necessary.
science	science	joke	general	0	If it smells it's chemistry, if it crawls it's biology, if it doesn't work it's physics.
science	science	quip	general	0	If it wasn't for Newton, we wouldn't have to eat bruised apples.
science	tech	quip	general	0	If mathematically you end up with the wrong answer, try multiplying by the page number.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	If scientific reasoning were limited to the logical processes of arithmetic, we should not get very far in our understanding of the physical world. One might as well attempt to grasp the game of poker entirely by the use of the mathematics of probability.
science	society	observation	general	0	If the aborigine drafted an IQ test, all of Western civilization would presumably flunk it.
science	science	quip	general	0	If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	If the human brain were so simple that we could understand it, we would be so simple we couldn't.
science	life	uplifting	general	0	If they can make penicillin out of moldy bread, they can sure make something out of you.
science	life	quip	general	0	"If value corrupts then absolute value corrupts absolutely."
science	life	wisdom	general	0	If you analyse anything, you destroy it.
science	work-money	observation	general	0	If you are smart enough to know that you're not smart enough to be an Engineer, then you're in Business.
science	tech	quip	general	0	If you can't understand it, it is intuitively obvious.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	If you haven't enjoyed the material in the last few lectures then a career in chartered accountancy beckons. -- Advice from the lecturer in the middle of the Stochastic Systems course.
science	life	observation	general	0	If you push the "extra ice" button on the soft drink vending machine, you won't get any ice. If you push the "no ice" button, you'll get ice, but no cup.
science	arts	quip	general	0	If you steal from one author it's plagiarism; if you steal from many it's research.
science	science	pun	general	0	If you're not part of the solution, you're part of the precipitate.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	Imagination is more important than knowledge.
science	science	joke	general	0	In 1750 Isaac Newton became discouraged when he fell up a flight of stairs.
science	food	fact	general	0	In 1869 the waffle iron was invented for people who had wrinkled waffles.
science	life	observation	general	0	IN MY OPINION anyone interested in improving himself should not rule out becoming pure energy.
science	nature	wisdom	general	0	In Nature there are neither rewards nor punishments, there are consequences.
science	tech	quip	general	0	In order to dial out, it is necessary to broaden one's dimension.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	"In order to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe."
science	science	quip	general	0	"In short, N is Richardian if, and only if, N is not Richardian."
science	tech	quip	general	0	In specifications, Murphy's Law supersedes Ohm's.
science	life	joke	general	0	In the beginning there was nothing. And the Lord said "Let There Be Light!" And still there was nothing, but at least now you could see it.
science	life	quip	general	0	In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. In practice, there is.
science	life	aphorism	general	0	In these matters the only certainty is that there is nothing certain.
science	tech	fact	general	0	Information is the inverse of entropy.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Interchangeable parts won't.
science	science	quip	general	0	Invest in physics -- own a piece of Dirac!
science	life	quip	general	0	"Irrationality is the square root of all evil"
science	life	wisdom	general	0	Is knowledge knowable? If not, how do we know that?
science	science	observation	general	0	Isn't it interesting that the same people who laugh at science fiction listen to weather forecasts and economists?
science	work-money	quip	general	0	Isn't it strange that the same people that laugh at gypsy fortune tellers take economists seriously?
science	science	quip	general	0	It has just been discovered that research causes cancer in rats.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	It is contrary to reasoning to say that there is a vacuum or space in which there is absolutely nothing.
science	science	quip	general	0	It is impossible to travel faster than light, and certainly not desirable, as one's hat keeps blowing off.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	It is much easier to suggest solutions when you know nothing about the problem.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	It is not every question that deserves an answer.
science	faith	quip	general	0	It is not for me to attempt to fathom the inscrutable workings of Providence.
science	science	observation	general	0	It is not that polar co-ordinates are complicated, it is simply that cartesian co-ordinates are simpler than they have a right to be.
science	life	observation	general	0	It is true that if your paperboy throws your paper into the bushes for five straight days it can be explained by Newton's Law of Gravity. But it takes Murphy's law to explain why it is happening to you.
science	life	quip	general	0	It seems intuitively obvious to me, which means that it might be wrong.
science	science	quip	general	0	It seems that more and more mathematicians are using a new, high level language named "research student".
science	life	observation	general	0	"It's easier said than done." ... and if you don't believe it, try proving that it's easier done than said, and you'll see that "it's easier said that `it's easier done than said' than it is done", which really proves that "it's easier said than done".
science	life	insult	general	0	It's hard to think of you as the end result of millions of years of evolution.
science	life	quip	general	0	It's later than you think, the joint Russian-American space mission has already begun.
science	life	quip	general	0	It's not an optical illusion, it just looks like one.
science	tech	quip	general	0	It's not hard to admit errors that are [only] cosmetically wrong.
science	science	quip	general	0	Just because they are called 'forbidden' transitions does not mean that they are forbidden. They are less allowed than allowed transitions, if you see what I mean. -- From a Part 2 Quantum Mechanics lecture.
science	tech	pun	general	0	Kleeneness is next to Gödelness.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Klein bottle for rent -- inquire within.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Last yeer I kudn't spel Engineer. Now I are won.
science	tech	fact	general	0	Lawrence Radiation Laboratory keeps all its data in an old gray trunk.
science	life	observation	general	0	Life is a biochemical reaction to the stimulus of the surrounding environment in a stable ecosphere, while a bowl of cherries is a round container filled with little red fruits on sticks.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is a whim of several billion cells to be you for a while.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is difficult because it is non-linear.
science	life	quip	general	0	Logic is a little bird, sitting in a tree; that smells *awful*.
science	life	quip	general	0	Logic is a pretty flower that smells bad.
science	life	quip	general	0	Logic is a systematic method of coming to the wrong conclusion with confidence.
science	life	quip	general	0	Logic is the chastity belt of the mind!
science	love	quip	general	0	Love makes the world go 'round, with a little help from intrinsic angular momentum.
science	life	quip	general	0	Ma Bell is a mean mother!
science	life	observation	general	0	Machines have less problems. I'd like to be a machine.
science	science	quip	general	0	Make it myself? But I'm a physical organic chemist!
science	tech	wisdom	general	0	Make it right before you make it faster.
science	science	quip	general	0	Man will never fly. Space travel is merely a dream. All aspirin is alike.
science	science	pun	general	0	MATH AND ALCOHOL DON'T MIX! Please, don't drink and derive. Mathematicians Against Drunk Deriving
science	life	quip	general	0	Math is like love -- a simple idea but it can get complicated.
science	life	quip	general	0	Mathematicians are like Frenchmen: whatever you say to them they translate into their own language and forthwith it is something entirely different.
science	science	quip	general	0	Mathematicians often resort to something called Hilbert space, which is described as being n-dimensional. Like modern sex, any number can play.
science	science	quip	general	0	Mathematicians practice absolute freedom.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	Mathematics deals exclusively with the relations of concepts to each other without consideration of their relation to experience.
science	science	quip	general	0	Mathematics is the only science where one never knows what one is talking about nor whether what is said is true.
science	science	joke	general	0	Matter cannot be created or destroyed, nor can it be returned without a receipt.
science	life	aphorism	general	0	Matter will be damaged in direct proportion to its value.
science	life	aphorism	general	0	Measure twice, cut once.
science	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Measure with a micrometer. Mark with chalk. Cut with an axe.
science	life	aphorism	general	0	Mediocrity finds safety in standardization.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
science	life	quip	general	0	Men occasionally stumble over the truth, but most of them pick themselves up and hurry off as if nothing had happened.
science	life	dark	general	0	More than any time in history, mankind now faces a crossroads. One path leads to despair and utter hopelessness, the other to total extinction. Let us pray that we have the wisdom to choose correctly.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Murphy's Law, that brash proletarian restatement of Godel's Theorem.
science	life	pun	general	0	My geometry teacher was sometimes acute, and sometimes obtuse, but always, always, he was right. [That's an interesting angle. I wonder if there are any parallels?]
science	life	wisdom	general	0	Mystics always hope that science will some day overtake them.
science	science	aphorism	general	0	Natural laws have no pity.
science	life	quip	general	0	Nature abhors a hero. For one thing, he violates the law of conservation of energy. For another, how can it be the survival of the fittest when the fittest keeps putting himself in situations where he is most likely to be creamed?
science	life	quip	general	0	Nature always sides with the hidden flaw.
science	nature	quip	general	0	Nature is by and large to be found out of doors, a location where, it cannot be argued, there are never enough comfortable chairs.
science	nature	aphorism	general	0	Nature, to be commanded, must be obeyed.
science	life	quip	general	0	Neil Armstrong tripped.
science	science	pun	general	0	Neutrinos are into physicists.
science	science	pun	general	0	Neutrinos have bad breadth.
science	tech	aphorism	general	0	Never worry about theory as long as the machinery does what it's supposed to do.
science	life	aphorism	general	0	No amount of careful planning will ever replace dumb luck.
science	work-money	aphorism	general	0	No amount of genius can overcome a preoccupation with detail.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Nondeterminism means never having to say you are wrong.
science	science	quip	general	0	Nonsense. Space is blue and birds fly through it.
science	life	joke	general	0	Nothing is faster than the speed of light ... To prove this to yourself, try opening the refrigerator door before the light comes on.
science	nature	aphorism	general	0	Nothing is rich but the inexhaustible wealth of nature. She shows us only surfaces, but she is a million fathoms deep.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Nuclear powered vacuum cleaners will probably be a reality within 10 years.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Numeric stability is probably not all that important when you're guessing.
science	science	quip	general	0	"Obviously, a major malfunction has occurred."
science	science	quip	general	0	Of course you can't flap your arms and fly to the moon. After a while you'd run out of air to push against.
science	science	quip	general	0	Often statistics are used as a drunken man uses lampposts -- for support rather than illumination.
science	science	quip	general	0	On a paper submitted by a physicist colleague: "This isn't right. This isn't even wrong."
science	tech	quip	general	0	One Bell System - it sometimes works.
science	tech	quip	general	0	One Bell System - it used to work before they installed the Dimension!
science	tech	quip	general	0	One Bell System - it works.
science	faith	wisdom	general	0	One can search the brain with a microscope and not find the mind, and can search the stars with a telescope and not find God.
science	tech	wisdom	general	0	One can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means.
science	science	quip	general	0	One could not be a successful scientist without realizing that, in contrast to the popular conception supported by newspapers and mothers of scientists, a goodly number of scientists are not only narrow-minded and dull, but also just stupid.
science	tech	quip	general	0	One has to look out for engineers -- they begin with sewing machines and end up with the atomic bomb.
science	tech	wisdom	general	0	One man's "magic" is another man's engineering. "Supernatural" is a null word.
science	tech	quip	general	0	One man's constant is another man's variable.
science	tech	wisdom	general	0	One of the chief duties of the mathematician in acting as an advisor... is to discourage... from expecting too much from mathematics.
science	life	pun	general	0	One small step for man, one giant stumble for mankind.
science	science	quip	general	0	One thing they don't tell you about doing experimental physics is that sometimes you must work under adverse conditions... like a state of sheer terror.
science	faith	quip	general	0	Only God can make random selections.
science	science	quip	general	0	Ontogeny recapitulates phylogeny.
science	tech	wisdom	general	0	Optimization hinders evolution.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	Order and simplification are the first steps toward mastery of a subject -- the actual enemy is the unknown.
science	science	quip	general	0	Organic chemistry is the chemistry of carbon compounds. Biochemistry is the study of carbon compounds that crawl.
science	tech	quip	general	0	"Our vision is to speed up time, eventually eliminating it."
science	science	observation	general	0	Parallel lines never meet, unless you bend one or both of them.
science	life	aphorism	general	0	Parts that positively cannot be assembled in improper order will be.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	People who go to conferences are the ones who shouldn't.
science	life	quip	general	0	Philogyny recapitulates erogeny; erogeny recapitulates philogyny.
science	science	quip	general	0	"Picture the sun as the origin of two intersecting 6-dimensional hyperplanes from which we can deduce a certain transformational sequence which gives us the terminal velocity of a rubber duck ..."
science	food	quip	general	0	Pie are not square. Pie are round. Cornbread are square.
science	science	pun	general	0	Polymer physicists are into chains.
science	nature	fact	general	0	Pound for pound, the amoeba is the most vicious animal on earth.
science	life	pun	general	0	Power corrupts. And atomic power corrupts atomically.
science	science	quip	general	0	Progress means replacing a theory that is wrong with one more subtly wrong.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Prototype designs always work.
science	science	fact	general	0	"Protozoa are small, and bacteria are small, but viruses are smaller than the both put together."
science	science	quip	general	0	Quantum Mechanics is a lovely introduction to Hilbert Spaces! -- Overheard at last year's Archimedeans' Garden Party
science	science	quip	general	0	Quantum Mechanics is God's version of "Trust me."
science	science	quip	general	0	Quark! Quark! Beware the quantum duck!
science	science	pun	general	0	Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives.
science	nature	wisdom	general	0	Reality must take precedence over public relations, for Mother Nature cannot be fooled.
science	science	quip	general	0	Remember Darwin; building a better mousetrap merely results in smarter mice.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	Research is the best place to be: you work your buns off, and if it works you're a hero; if it doesn't, well -- nobody else has done it yet either, so you're still a valiant nerd.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	Research is to see what everybody else has seen, and think what nobody else has thought.
science	life	quip	general	0	Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing.
science	science	quip	general	0	Round Numbers are always false.
science	health-body	joke	general	0	Saliva causes cancer, but only if swallowed in small amounts over a long period of time.
science	faith	observation	general	0	Science and religion are in full accord but science and faith are in complete discord.
science	science	aphorism	general	0	Science is built up of facts, as a house is with stones. But a collection of facts is no more a science than a heap of stones is a house.
science	science	aphorism	general	0	Science is what happens when preconception meets verification.
science	faith	wisdom	general	0	Science may someday discover what faith has always known.
science	science	quip	general	0	Scientists are people who build the Brooklyn Bridge and then buy it.
science	science	pun	general	0	Sentient plasmoids are a gas.
science	tech	wisdom	general	0	Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it.
science	life	quip	general	0	Solutions are obvious if one only has the optical power to observe them over the horizon.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	Space is big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. I mean, you may think it's a long way down the road to the drug store, but that's just peanuts to space.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	Space is to place as eternity is to time.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	Space tells matter how to move and matter tells space how to curve.
science	life	aphorism	general	0	Statistics are no substitute for judgement.
science	life	quip	general	0	Statistics means never having to say you're certain.
science	life	quip	general	0	Stellar rays prove fibbing never pays. Embezzlement is another matter.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	Stuckness shouldn't be avoided. It's the psychic predecessor of all real understanding. An egoless acceptance of stuckness is a key to an understanding of all Quality, in mechanical work as in other endeavors.
science	science	quip	general	0	Supervisor: Do you think you understand the basic ideas of Quantum Mechanics? Supervisee: Ah! Well, what do we mean by "to understand" in the context of Quantum Mechanics? Supervisor: You mean "No", don't you? Supervisee: Yes. -- Overheard at a supervision.
science	life	quip	general	0	Support bacteria -- it's the only culture some people have!
science	science	pun	general	0	Take an astronaut to launch.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
science	tech	wisdom	general	0	Technology is dominated by those who manage what they do not understand.
science	life	quip	general	0	That's one small step for a man; one giant leap for mankind.
science	arts	tv-quote	general	0	The White Rabbit put on his spectacles. "Where shall I begin, please your Majesty ?" he asked. "Begin at the beginning,", the King said, very gravely, "and go on till you come to the end: then stop."
science	science	wisdom	general	0	The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex facts. Seek simplicity and distrust it.
science	life	pun	general	0	The amount of time between slipping on the peel and landing on the pavement is precisely 1 bananosecond.
science	faith	quip	general	0	The amount of weight an evangelist carries with the almighty is measured in billigrahams.
science	life	quip	general	0	The best defense against logic is ignorance.
science	science	quip	general	0	The bigger the theory the better.
science	science	observation	general	0	The biggest difference between time and space is that you can't reuse time.
science	life	dark	general	0	The bomb will never go off. I speak as an expert in explosives.
science	faith	quip	general	0	The church saves sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture.
science	society	aphorism	general	0	The clash of ideas is the sound of freedom.
science	nature	wisdom	general	0	The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness.
science	tech	quip	general	0	The devil finds work for idle circuits to do.
science	life	dark	general	0	The devil finds work for idle glands.
science	life	dark	general	0	The difference between reality and unreality is that reality has so little to recommend it.
science	science	quip	general	0	The difference between science and the fuzzy subjects is that science requires reasoning while those other subjects merely require scholarship.
science	science	quip	general	0	The earth is like a tiny grain of sand, only much, much heavier.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	The economy depends about as much on economists as the weather does on weather forecasters.
science	science	quip	general	0	The energy produced by the breaking down of the atom is a very poor kind of thing. Anyone who expects a source of power from the transformation of these atoms is talking moonshine.
science	science	aphorism	general	0	The explanation requiring the fewest assumptions is the most likely to be correct.
science	life	quip	general	0	The following statement is not true. The previous statement is true.
science	arts	quip	general	0	The Force is what holds everything together. It has its dark side, and it has its light side. It's sort of like cosmic duct tape.
science	science	quip	general	0	"The four building blocks of the universe are fire, water, gravel and vinyl."
science	work-money	quip	general	0	The function of the expert is not to be more right than other people, but to be wrong for more sophisticated reasons.
science	tech	quip	general	0	The generation of random numbers is too important to be left to chance.
science	science	quip	general	0	The goal of science is to build better mousetraps. The goal of nature is to build better mice.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	The herd instinct among economists makes sheep look like independent thinkers.
science	society	wisdom	general	0	The ideas of economists and political philosophers, both when they are right and when they are wrong, are more powerful than is generally understood. Indeed, the world is ruled by little else.
science	life	quip	general	0	"The identical is equal to itself, since it is different."
science	science	wisdom	general	0	The instruments of science do not in themselves discover truth. And there are searchings that are not concluded by the coincidence of a pointer and a mark.
science	science	observation	general	0	The key elements in human thinking are not numbers but labels of fuzzy sets.
science	nature	aphorism	general	0	The light of a hundred stars does not equal the light of the moon.
science	tech	quip	general	0	The marvels of today's modern technology include the development of a soda can, when discarded will last forever ... and a $7,000 car which when properly cared for will rust out in two or three years.
science	faith	quip	general	0	The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us will go to the stars.
science	life	quip	general	0	The meek shall inherit the earth; the rest of us, the Universe.
science	science	quip	general	0	The moon is a planet just like the Earth, only it is even deader.
science	life	joke	general	0	The moon is made of green cheese.
science	science	observation	general	0	The moon may be smaller than Earth, but it's further away.
science	life	aphorism	general	0	The more they over-think the plumbing the easier it is to stop up the drain.
science	science	quip	general	0	The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not "Eureka!" (I found it!) but "That's funny ..."
science	science	quip	general	0	The nation that controls magnetism controls the universe.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	The only justification for our concepts and systems of concepts is that they serve to represent the complex of our experiences; beyond this they have no legitimacy.
science	life	aphorism	general	0	The only perfect science is hind-sight.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	The only person who always got his work done by Friday was Robinson Crusoe.
science	science	quip	general	0	The only possible interpretation of any research whatever in the `social sciences' is: some do, some don't.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. But the opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth.
science	nature	observation	general	0	The perversity of nature is nowhere better demonstrated by the fact that, when exposed to the same atmosphere, bread becomes hard while crackers become soft.
science	science	quip	general	0	The purpose of Physics 7A is to make the engineers realize that they're not perfect, and to make the rest of the people realize that they're not engineers.
science	life	pun	general	0	The rate at which a disease spreads through a corn field is a precise measurement of the speed of blight.
science	science	quip	general	0	The reason that every major university maintains a department of mathematics is that it's cheaper than institutionalizing all those people.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	The rule on staying alive as a forecaster is to give 'em a number or give 'em a date, but never give 'em both at once.
science	tech	observation	general	0	The Shuttle is now going five times the sound of speed.
science	society	wisdom	general	0	The society which scorns excellence in plumbing as a humble activity and tolerates shoddiness in philosophy because it is an exalted activity will have neither good plumbing nor good philosophy... neither its pipes nor its theories will hold water.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	The solution of problems is the most characteristic and peculiar sort of voluntary thinking.
science	tech	quip	general	0	The solution of this problem is trivial and is left as an exercise for the reader.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	The solution to a problem changes the nature of the problem.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	The speed of anything depends on the flow of everything.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	The spirit of Plato dies hard. We have been unable to escape the philosophical tradition that what we can see and measure in the world is merely the superficial and imperfect representation of an underlying reality.
science	science	quip	general	0	The study of non-linear physics is like the study of non-elephant biology.
science	science	quip	general	0	"The subspace W inherits the other 8 properties of V. And there aren't even any property taxes."
science	science	quip	general	0	The sum of the Universe is zero.
science	tech	wisdom	general	0	The test of intelligent tinkering is to save all the parts.
science	work-money	dark	general	0	The tree of research must from time to time be refreshed with the blood of bean counters.
science	life	quip	general	0	The truth of a proposition has nothing to do with its credibility. And vice versa.
science	science	quip	general	0	The two most common things in the Universe are hydrogen and stupidity.
science	life	quip	general	0	The unfacts, did we have them, are too imprecisely few to warrant our certitude.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	The universe does not have laws -- it has habits, and habits can be broken.
science	science	quip	general	0	The universe is all a spin-off of the Big Bang.
science	science	observation	general	0	The universe is an island, surrounded by whatever it is that surrounds universes.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination -- but the combination is locked up in the safe.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	The Universe is populated by stable things.
science	science	observation	general	0	The universe seems neither benign nor hostile, merely indifferent.
science	life	quip	general	0	The universe, they said, depended for its operation on the balance of four forces which they identified as charm, persuasion, uncertainty and bloody-mindedness.
science	science	quip	general	0	The University of California Statistics Department; where mean is normal, and deviation standard.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	The world is moving so fast these days that the man who says it can't be done is generally interrupted by someone doing it.
science	science	quip	general	0	The Wright Bothers weren't the first to fly. They were just the first not to crash.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	Theory is gray, but the golden tree of life is green.
science	life	pun	general	0	There *is* no such thing as a civil engineer.
science	tech	quip	general	0	There are no data that cannot be plotted on a straight line if the axis are chosen correctly.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	"There are three principal ways to lose money: wine, women, and engineers. While the first two are more pleasant, the third is by far the more certain."
science	tech	quip	general	0	There are two kinds of solar-heat systems: "passive" systems collect the sunlight that hits your home, and "active" systems collect the sunlight that hits your neighbors' homes, too.
science	science	aphorism	general	0	There can be no twisted thought without a twisted molecule.
science	science	quip	general	0	There is no likelihood man can ever tap the power of the atom.
science	life	quip	general	0	There is no opinion so absurd that some philosopher will not express it.
science	science	aphorism	general	0	There is no royal road to geometry.
science	nature	observation	general	0	There was a writer in 'Life' magazine ... who claimed that rabbits have no memory, which is one of their defensive mechanisms. If they recalled every close shave they had in the course of just an hour life would become insupportable.
science	nature	observation	general	0	There's a whole WORLD in a mud puddle!
science	life	pun	general	0	There's no future in time travel.
science	life	quip	general	0	There's no sense in being precise when you don't even know what you're talking about.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	They don't know how the world is shaped. And so they give it a shape, and try to make everything fit it. They separate the right from the left, the man from the woman, the plant from the animal, the sun from the moon. They only want to count to two.
science	science	quip	general	0	Things equal to nothing else are equal to each other.
science	science	quip	general	0	This is clearly another case of too many mad scientists, and not enough hunchbacks.
science	society	wisdom	general	0	This is not the age of pamphleteers. It is the age of the engineers. The spark-gap is mightier than the pen. Democracy will not be salvaged by men who talk fluently, debate forcefully and quote aptly.
science	life	quip	general	0	This is the theory that Jack built. This is the flaw that lay in the theory that Jack built. This is the palpable verbal haze that hid the flaw that lay in...
science	science	quip	general	0	This isn't true in practice -- what we've missed out is Stradivarius's constant. And then the aside: "For those of you who don't know, that's been called by others the fiddle factor..." -- From a 1B Electrical Engineering lecture.
science	life	quip	general	0	This place just isn't big enough for all of us. We've got to find a way off this planet.
science	life	quip	general	0	This universe shipped by weight, not by volume. Some expansion of the contents may have occurred during shipment.
science	life	quip	general	0	This was a Golden Age, a time of high adventure, rich living, and hard dying... but nobody thought so. This was a future of fortune and theft, pillage and rapine, culture and vice... but nobody admitted it.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Those who can, do; those who can't, simulate.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	Those who can, do; those who can't, write. Those who can't write work for the Bell Labs Record.
science	life	quip	general	0	... though his invention worked superbly -- his theory was a crock of sewage from beginning to end.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	Thus mathematics may be defined as the subject in which we never know what we are talking about, nor whether what we are saying is true.
science	science	quip	general	0	Time is an illusion perpetrated by the manufacturers of space.
science	science	observation	general	0	Time is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen at once. Space is nature's way of making sure that everything doesn't happen to you.
science	tech	wisdom	general	0	To converse at the distance of the Indes by means of sympathetic contrivances may be as natural to future times as to us is a literary correspondence.
science	arts	wisdom	general	0	To invent, you need a good imagination and a pile of junk.
science	science	quip	general	0	Today's scientific question is: What in the world is electricity? And where does it go after it leaves the toaster?
science	tech	quip	general	0	Torque is cheap.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Two is not equal to three, even for large values of two.
science	life	quip	general	0	Two percent of zero is almost nothing.
science	life	pun	general	0	Two wrights don't make a rong, they make an airplane. Or bicycles.
science	life	quip	general	0	UFOs are for real: the Air Force doesn't exist.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	Understanding is always the understanding of a smaller problem in relation to a bigger problem.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Utility is when you have one telephone, luxury is when you have two, opulence is when you have three -- and paradise is when you have none.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	We are all agreed that your theory is crazy. The question which divides us is whether it is crazy enough to have a chance of being correct. My own feeling is that it is not crazy enough.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	We are each entitled to our own opinion, but no one is entitled to his own facts.
science	life	quip	general	0	We are sorry. We cannot complete your call as dialed. Please check the number and dial again or ask your operator for assistance. This is a recording.
science	life	quip	general	0	We can defeat gravity. The problem is the paperwork involved.
science	life	quip	general	0	We can predict everything, except the future.
science	nature	wisdom	general	0	We cannot command nature except by obeying her.
science	tech	quip	general	0	"We don't care. We don't have to. We're the Phone Company."
science	science	wisdom	general	0	We don't know one millionth of one percent about anything.
science	science	quip	general	0	We don't know who it was that discovered water, but we're pretty sure that it wasn't a fish.
science	society	quip	general	0	We gave you an atomic bomb, what do you want, mermaids?
science	science	joke	general	0	We have a equal opportunity Calculus class -- it's fully integrated.
science	life	uplifting	general	0	We must believe that it is the darkest before the dawn of a beautiful new world. We will see it when we believe it.
science	science	quip	general	0	We warn the reader in advance that the proof presented here depends on a clever but highly unmotivated trick.
science	nature	dark	general	0	We who revel in nature's diversity and feel instructed by every animal tend to brand Homo sapiens as the greatest catastrophe since the Cretaceous extinction.
science	tech	quip	general	0	We will have solar energy as soon as the utility companies solve one technical problem -- how to run a sunbeam through a meter.
science	science	quip	general	0	We've sent a man to the moon, and that's 29,000 miles away. The center of the Earth is only 4,000 miles away. You could drive that in a week, but for some reason nobody's ever done it.
science	science	quip	general	0	Wernher von Braun settled for a V-2 when he coulda had a V-8.
science	life	quip	general	0	"What I've done, of course, is total garbage."
science	tech	quip	general	0	What is algebra, exactly? Is it one of those three-cornered things?
science	science	pun	general	0	What is mind? No matter. What is matter? Never mind.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	What is now proved was once only imagin'd.
science	science	quip	general	0	What is research but a blind date with knowledge?
science	life	wisdom	general	0	What is wanted is not the will to believe, but the will to find out, which is the exact opposite.
science	science	quip	general	0	What the deuce is it to me? You say that we go around the sun. If we went around the moon it would not make a pennyworth of difference to me or my work.
science	life	dark	general	0	What the scientists have in their briefcases is terrifying.
science	life	quip	general	0	What the world *really* needs is a good Automatic Bicycle Sharpener.
science	life	quip	general	0	When a man sits with a pretty girl for an hour, it seems like a minute. But let him sit on a hot stove for a minute -- and it's longer than any hour. That's relativity.
science	tech	quip	general	0	When Alexander Graham Bell died in 1922, the telephone people interrupted service for one minute in his honor. They've been honoring him intermittently ever since, I believe.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	When some people discover the truth, they just can't understand why everybody isn't eager to hear it.
science	life	wisdom	general	0	When speculation has done its worst, two plus two still equals four.
science	science	quip	general	0	"When the going gets tough, the tough get empirical."
science	work-money	quip	general	0	When the weight of the paperwork equals the weight of the plane, the plane will fly.
science	life	quip	general	0	When you are about to do an objective and scientific piece of investigation of a topic, it is well to gave the answer firmly in hand, so that you can proceed forthrightly, without being deflected or swayed, directly to the goal.
science	science	quip	general	0	When you know absolutely nothing about the topic, make your forecast by asking a carefully selected probability sample of 300 others who don't know the answer either.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	Where are the calculations that go with a calculated risk?
science	science	verse	general	0	WHERE CAN THE MATTER BE Oh, dear, where can the matter be When it's converted to energy? There is a slight loss of parity. Johnny's so long at the fair.
science	science	pun	general	0	White dwarf seeks red giant for binary relationship.
science	science	observation	general	0	Why do mathematicians insist on using words that already have another meaning? "It is the complex case that is easier to deal with." "If it doesn't happen at a corner, but at an edge, it nonetheless happens at a corner."
science	life	quip	general	0	Why don't you fix your little problem... and light this candle?
science	science	observation	general	0	With all the fancy scientists in the world, why can't they just once build a nuclear balm?
science	science	fact	general	0	With every passing hour our solar system comes forty-three thousand miles closer to globular cluster M13 in the constellation Hercules, and still there are some misfits who continue to insist that there is no such thing as progress.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	Without life, Biology itself would be impossible.
science	tech	quip	general	0	Xerox does it again and again and again and ...
science	tech	quip	general	0	Xerox never comes up with anything original.
science	science	pun	general	0	Ya'll hear about the geometer who went to the beach to catch some rays and became a tangent ?
science	life	quip	general	0	"Yeah, but you're taking the universe out of context."
science	life	joke	general	0	You are a taxi driver. Your cab is yellow and black, and has been in use for only seven years. One of its windshield wipers is broken, and the carburetor needs adjusting. The tank holds 20 gallons, but at the moment is only three-quarters full. How old is the taxi driver?"
science	science	quip	general	0	You can take all the impact that science considerations have on funding decisions at NASA, put them in the navel of a flea, and have room left over for a caraway seed and Tony Calio's heart.
science	work-money	quip	general	0	You can't cheat the phone company.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	You cannot have a science without measurement.
science	life	observation	general	0	You know you've landed gear-up when it takes full power to taxi.
science	tech	quip	general	0	You mean you didn't *know* she was off making lots of little phone companies?
science	science	wisdom	general	0	You should never bet against anything in science at odds of more than about 10^12 to 1.
science	life	insult	general	0	You will never amount to much.
science	science	wisdom	general	0	It is the theory which decides what can be observed.
science	faith	wisdom	general	0	God is subtle, but he is not malicious.
science	life	quip	general	0	Dopeler effect: the tendency of stupid ideas to seem smarter when they come at you rapidly.
food	food	pun	general	0	A couple of kids tried using pickles instead of paddles for a Ping-Pong game. They had the volley of the Dills.
food	life	pun	general	0	A farm in the country side had several turkeys, it was known as the house of seven gobbles.
food	food	quip	general	0	A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart that looks at her watch.
food	food	pun	general	0	A new chef from India was fired a week after starting the job. He kept favoring curry.
food	life	pun	general	0	A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
food	food	joke	general	0	A wife started serving chopped meat, Monday hamburger, Tuesday meat loaf, Wednesday tartar steak, and Thursday meatballs. On Friday morning her husband snarled, "How now, ground cow?"
food	life	tv-quote	general	0	Actor: So what do you do for a living? Doris: I work for a company that makes deceptively shallow serving dishes for Chinese restaurants.
food	food	quip	general	0	Actually, my goal is to have a sandwich named after me.
food	family	joke	general	0	"And what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me?" asked the father of his little son. "Diet."
food	food	quip	general	0	Anything is good if it's made of chocolate.
food	food	quip	general	0	Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate.
food	food	quip	general	0	As he had feared, his orders had been forgotten and everyone had brought the potato salad.
food	food	quip	general	0	Be careful when you bite into your hamburger.
food	food	quip	general	0	BOO! We changed Coke again! BLEAH! BLEAH!
food	life	quip	general	0	Boycott meat -- suck your thumb.
food	food	quip	general	0	Carob works on the principle that, when mixed with the right combination of fats and sugar, it can duplicate chocolate in color and texture. Of course, the same can be said of dirt.
food	food	quip	general	0	Cheese -- milk's leap toward immortality.
food	life	joke	general	0	Chinese saying: "He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks."
food	life	aphorism	general	0	Death before dishonor. But neither before breakfast.
food	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear that Captain Crunch, Sugar Bear, Tony the Tiger, and Snap, Crackle and Pop were all murdered recently... Police suspect the work of a cereal killer!
food	food	pun	general	0	Dieters live life in the fasting lane.
food	life	quip	general	0	Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.
food	food	quip	general	0	Do not drink coffee in early A.M. It will keep you awake until noon.
food	food	quip	general	0	Do not worry about which side your bread is buttered on: you eat BOTH sides.
food	society	pun	general	0	During the American Revolution, a Britisher tried to raid a farm. He stumbled across a rock on the ground and fell, whereupon an aggressive Rhode Island Red hopped on top. Seeing this, the farmer commented, "Chicken catch a Tory!"
food	life	quip	general	0	Eat as much as you like -- just don't swallow it.
food	life	quip	general	0	Eat drink and be merry! Tomorrow you may be in Utah.
food	life	dark	general	0	Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal.
food	food	quip	general	0	Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow we diet.
food	life	dark	general	0	Eat right, stay fit, and die anyway.
food	life	quip	general	0	"Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work."
food	food	aphorism	general	0	Eating chocolate is like being in love without the aggravation.
food	life	aphorism	general	0	Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.
food	life	aphorism	general	0	Even a cabbage may look at a king.
food	life	observation	general	0	Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!
food	life	aphorism	general	0	Everything I like is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
food	life	quip	general	0	Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being that a belch is more satisfying.
food	life	pun	general	0	Fat Liberation: because a waist is a terrible thing to mind.
food	life	quip	general	0	Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!
food	food	aphorism	general	0	Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
food	nature	quip	general	0	Fortune's Contribution of the Month to the Animal Rights Debate: I'll stay out of animals' way if they'll stay out of mine. "Hey you, get off my plate"
food	food	quip	general	0	God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.
food	life	joke	general	0	GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#2): November 23, 1915 Pancake make-up is invented; most people continue to prefer syrup.
food	life	observation	general	0	Has anyone ever tasted an "end"? Are they really bitter?
food	food	quip	general	0	Have a taco.
food	arts	pun	general	0	Home on the Range was originally written in beef-flat.
food	food	quip	general	0	Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
food	life	quip	general	0	I am so optimistic about beef prices that I've just leased a pot roast with an option to buy.
food	life	quip	general	0	I brake for chezlogs!
food	life	quip	general	0	I couldn't remember when I had been so disappointed. Except perhaps the time I found out that M&Ms really DO melt in your hand.
food	food	observation	general	0	I don't care for the Sugar Smacks commercial. I don't like the idea of a frog jumping on my Breakfast.
food	food	quip	general	0	I don't care where I sit as long as I get fed.
food	food	quip	general	0	I don't even butter my bread. I consider that cooking.
food	life	quip	general	0	I don't have an eating problem. I eat. I get fat. I buy new clothes. No problem.
food	food	quip	general	0	"I don't like spinach, and I'm glad I don't, because if I liked it I'd eat it, and I just hate it."
food	food	quip	general	0	I have never been one to sacrifice my appetite on the altar of appearance.
food	food	wisdom	general	0	I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race, in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals.
food	food	quip	general	0	I just ate a whole package of Sweet Tarts and a can of Coke. I think I saw God.
food	food	quip	general	0	I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.
food	faith	quip	general	0	I never pray before meals -- my mom's a good cook.
food	life	quip	general	0	"I thought you were trying to get into shape." "I am. The shape I've selected is a triangle."
food	life	quip	general	0	I'm hungry, time to eat lunch.
food	health-body	quip	general	0	I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks.
food	food	pun	general	0	If at first you fricasee, fry, fry again.
food	food	quip	general	0	If food be the music of love, eat up, eat up.
food	food	pun	general	0	If puns were deli meat, this would be the wurst.
food	food	pun	general	0	If you are what you eat, does that mean Euell Gibbons really was a nut?
food	food	observation	general	0	If you put your supper dish to your ear you can hear the sounds of a restaurant.
food	food	pun	general	0	If you see an onion ring -- answer it!
food	food	observation	general	0	If you stew apples like cranberries, they taste more like prunes than rhubarb does.
food	food	aphorism	general	0	If you waste your time cooking, you'll miss the next meal.
food	food	quip	general	0	If you're going to America, bring your own food.
food	life	aphorism	general	0	If your bread is stale, make toast.
food	food	joke	general	0	In Mexico we have a word for sushi: bait.
food	food	quip	general	0	Is there life before breakfast?
food	food	aphorism	general	0	It is a hard matter, my fellow citizens, to argue with the belly, since it has no ears.
food	life	observation	general	0	It was a brave man that ate the first oyster.
food	food	quip	general	0	It would be nice if the Food and Drug Administration stopped issuing warnings about toxic substances and just gave me the names of one or two things still safe to eat.
food	food	quip	general	0	It's raisins that make Post Raisin Bran so raisiny ...
food	food	observation	general	0	It's so beautifully arranged on the plate -- you know someone's fingers have been all over it.
food	life	quip	general	0	Killing turkeys causes winter.
food	love	aphorism	general	0	Kissing don't last, cookery do.
food	food	quip	general	0	Kitchen activity is highlighted. Butter up a friend.
food	life	joke	general	0	Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up the pillow was gone.
food	food	dark	general	0	Last week's pet, this week's special.
food	life	quip	general	0	Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
food	life	dark	general	0	Life is like a bowl of soup with hairs floating on it. You have to eat it nevertheless.
food	life	quip	general	0	"Life is like a buffet; it's not good but there's plenty of it."
food	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is like a tin of sardines. We're, all of us, looking for the key.
food	life	quip	general	0	Life is like an egg stain on your chin -- you can lick it, but it still won't go away.
food	life	dark	general	0	Life is like an onion: you peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
food	life	quip	general	0	Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer and then you find there is nothing in it.
food	food	quip	general	0	Life is too short to stuff a mushroom.
food	life	quip	general	0	Life without caffeine is stimulating enough.
food	food	quip	general	0	Living here in Rio, I have lots of coffees to choose from. And when you're on the lam like me, you appreciate a good cup of coffee. -- "Great Train Robber" Ronald Biggs' coffee commercial
food	life	observation	general	0	Man who arrives at party two hours late will find he has been beaten to the punch.
food	food	quip	general	0	Most people eat as though they were fattening themselves for market.
food	food	observation	general	0	Mountain Dew and doughnuts... because breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
food	health-body	joke	general	0	My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people.
food	food	observation	general	0	My favorite sandwich is peanut butter, baloney, cheddar cheese, lettuce and mayonnaise on toasted bread with catsup on the side.
food	life	quip	general	0	My weight is perfect for my height -- which varies.
food	food	quip	general	0	Never eat anything bigger than your head.
food	food	quip	general	0	Never eat more than you can lift.
food	life	quip	general	0	No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut.
food	love	observation	general	0	Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
food	food	joke	general	0	Pete: Waiter, this meat is bad. Waiter: Who told you? Pete: A little swallow.
food	life	quip	general	0	Peter's hungry, time to eat lunch.
food	nature	dark	general	0	Preserve wildlife -- pickle a squirrel today!
food	food	pun	general	0	Prunes give you a run for your money.
food	food	observation	general	0	Put a pot of chili on the stove to simmer. Let it simmer. Meanwhile, broil a good steak. Eat the steak. Let the chili simmer. Ignore it. -- Recipe for chili from Allan Shrivers, former governor of Texas.
food	life	quip	general	0	Put cats in the coffee and mice in the tea!
food	life	fact	general	0	Remember, DESSERT is spelled with two `s's while DESERT is spelled with one, because EVERYONE wants two desserts, but NO ONE wants two deserts.
food	society	quip	general	0	Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
food	life	quip	general	0	Save gas, don't eat beans.
food	food	quip	general	0	Seeing is deceiving. It's eating that's believing.
food	food	quip	general	0	So much food; so little time!
food	life	quip	general	0	Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as when you find a trout in the milk.
food	life	aphorism	general	0	The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up at the steam fitters' picnic.
food	food	observation	general	0	The cow is nothing but a machine which makes grass fit for us people to eat.
food	arts	joke	general	0	THE DAILY PLANET SUPERMAN SAVES DESSERT! Plans to "Eat it later"
food	life	quip	general	0	The early bird gets the coffee left over from the night before.
food	life	joke	general	0	The men sat sipping their tea in silence. After a while the klutz said, "Life is like a bowl of sour cream." "Like a bowl of sour cream?" asked the other. "Why?" "How should I know? What am I, a philosopher?"
food	family	quip	general	0	The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she served the family nothing but leftovers. The original meal has never been found.
food	food	quip	general	0	"The National Association of Theater Concessionaires reported that in 1986, 60% of all candy sold in movie theaters was sold to Roger Ebert."
food	life	quip	general	0	The number of feet in a yard is directly proportional to the success of the barbecue.
food	life	observation	general	0	The number of licorice gumballs you get out of a gumball machine increases in direct proportion to how much you hate licorice.
food	food	quip	general	0	The only thing better than love is milk.
food	life	joke	general	0	The scene: in a vast, painted desert, a cowboy faces his horse. Cowboy: "Well, you've been a pretty good hoss, I guess. Hardworkin'. Not the fastest critter I ever come acrost, but..." Horse: "No, stupid, not feed*back*. I said I wanted a feed*bag*.
food	food	quip	general	0	The trouble with eating Italian food is that five or six days later you're hungry again.
food	life	dark	general	0	The way to a man's stomach is through his esophagus.
food	food	quip	general	0	There are times when truth is stranger than fiction and lunch time is one of them.
food	life	quip	general	0	There are twenty-five people left in the world, and twenty-seven of them are hamburgers.
food	life	quip	general	0	There is more simplicity in the man who eats caviar on impulse than in the man who eats Grape-Nuts on principle.
food	food	wisdom	general	0	There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
food	life	aphorism	general	0	There's always free cheese in a mousetrap.
food	life	observation	general	0	There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.
food	food	quip	general	0	Thirteen at a table is unlucky only when the hostess has only twelve chops.
food	life	tv-quote	general	0	This is Betty Frenel. I don't know who to call but I can't reach my Food-a-holics partner. I'm at Vido's on my second pizza with sausage and mushroom. Jim, come and get me!
food	life	quip	general	0	This is National Non-Dairy Creamer Week.
food	food	quip	general	0	Tom's hungry, time to eat lunch.
food	life	pun	general	0	Two peanuts were walking through the New York. One was assaulted.
food	food	observation	general	0	Vegetables are what food eats. Fruit are vegetables that fool you by tasting good. Fish are fast moving vegetables. Mushrooms are what grows on vegetables when food's done with them.
food	food	quip	general	0	Vegetarians beware! You are what you eat.
food	food	joke	general	0	Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?" 1st customer: "I'll have tea." 2nd customer: "Me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean!" (Waiter exits, returns) Waiter: "Two teas. Which one asked for the clean glass?"
food	life	aphorism	general	0	Wake up and smell the coffee.
food	food	quip	general	0	What foods these morsels be!
food	food	wisdom	general	0	What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
food	life	aphorism	general	0	What is important is food, money and opportunities for scoring off one's enemies. Give a man these three things and you won't hear much squawking out of him.
food	health-body	quip	general	0	When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.
food	food	aphorism	general	0	When all else fails, EAT!!!
food	food	quip	general	0	When my brain begins to reel from my literary labors, I make an occasional cheese dip.
food	food	observation	general	0	When you're dining out and you suspect something's wrong, you're probably right.
food	life	dark	general	0	Where do you go to get anorexia?
food	life	observation	general	0	While it may be true that a watched pot never boils, the one you don't keep an eye on can make an awful mess of your stove.
food	food	wisdom	general	0	Whoever tells a lie cannot be pure in heart -- and only the pure in heart can make a good soup.
food	food	observation	general	0	Why do so many foods come packaged in plastic? It's quite uncanny.
food	life	pun	general	0	Why do they call a fast a fast, when it goes so slow?
food	food	quip	general	0	Without ice cream, life and fame are meaningless.
food	food	quip	general	0	You don't sew with a fork, so I see no reason to eat with knitting needles.
food	food	dark	general	0	You first parents of the human race... who ruined yourself for an apple, what might you have done for a truffled turkey?
food	life	observation	general	0	You know you have a small apartment when Rice Krispies echo.
food	life	observation	general	0	You know you're a little fat if you have stretch marks on your car.
food	food	joke	general	0	You must dine in our cafeteria. You can eat dirt cheap there!!!!
food	life	observation	general	0	Your mind is the part of you that says, "Why'n'tcha eat that piece of cake?" ... and then, twenty minutes later, says, "Y'know, if I were you, I wouldn't have done that!"
sports	life	observation	general	0	A gambler's biggest thrill is winning a bet. His next biggest thrill is losing a bet.
sports	work-money	quip	general	0	A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore.
sports	life	quip	general	0	A putt that stops close enough to the cup to inspire such comments as "you could blow it in" may be blown in. This rule does not apply if the ball is more than three inches from the hole, because no one wants to make a travesty of the game.
sports	life	quip	general	0	"Ain't that something what happened today. One of us got traded to Kansas City."
sports	life	quip	general	0	All bridge hands are equally likely, but some are more equally likely than others.
sports	life	quip	general	0	Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
sports	life	quip	general	0	[Babe] Ruth made a big mistake when he gave up pitching.
sports	life	quip	general	0	Bill Dickey is learning me his experience.
sports	life	tv-quote	general	0	Check me if I'm wrong, Sandy, but if I kill all the golfers... they're gonna lock me up and throw away the key!
sports	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't let go of what you've got hold of, until you have hold of something else.
sports	life	quip	general	0	Ever feel like life was a game and you had the wrong instruction book?
sports	life	quip	general	0	Ever feel like you're the head pin on life's bowling alley, and everyone's rolling strikes?
sports	life	quip	general	0	Every creature has within him the wild, uncontrollable, urge to punt.
sports	life	observation	general	0	Flying is the second greatest feeling you can have. The greatest feeling? Landing... Landing is the greatest feeling you can have.
sports	life	observation	general	0	Football builds self-discipline. What else would induce a spectator to sit out in the open in subfreezing weather?
sports	society	quip	general	0	Football combines the two worst features of American life. It is violence punctuated by committee meetings.
sports	society	observation	general	0	Football is a game designed to keep coalminers off the streets.
sports	life	joke	general	0	Fortune finishes the great quotations, #15 "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses." And while you're at it, throw in a couple of those Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders.
sports	life	fact	general	0	FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #14 The Baby Ruth candy bar was not named after George Herman "The Babe" Ruth, but after the oldest daughter of President Grover Cleveland.
sports	life	quip	general	0	From 0 to "what seems to be the problem officer" in 8.3 seconds. -- Ad for the new VW Corrado
sports	life	joke	general	0	Give a man a fish, and you feed him for a day. Teach a man to fish, and he'll invite himself over for dinner.
sports	life	aphorism	general	0	Give me a fish and I will eat today. Teach me to fish and I will eat forever.
sports	society	quip	general	0	Go directly to jail. Do not pass Go, do not collect $200.
sports	nature	quip	general	0	Horse sense is the thing a horse has which keeps it from betting on people.
sports	life	quip	general	0	How can you think and hit at the same time?
sports	society	quip	general	0	I always turn to the sports pages first, which record people's accomplishments. The front page has nothing but man's failures.
sports	life	quip	general	0	I believe that professional wrestling is clean and everything else in the world is fixed.
sports	life	dark	general	0	I can't decide whether to commit suicide or go bowling.
sports	life	quip	general	0	I guess I've been so wrapped up in playing the game that I never took time enough to figure out where the goal line was -- what it meant to win -- or even how you won.
sports	life	quip	general	0	I guess the Little League is even littler than we thought.
sports	work-money	quip	general	0	I just know I'm a better manager when I have Joe DiMaggio in center field.
sports	life	quip	general	0	I like your game but we have to change the rules.
sports	life	quip	general	0	I never met a man I didn't want to fight.
sports	life	joke	general	0	I went to the race track once and bet on a horse that was so good that it took seven others to beat him!
sports	life	quip	general	0	I would be batting the big feller if they wasn't ready with the other one, but a left-hander would be the thing if they wouldn't have knowed it already because there is more things involved than could come up on the road, even after we've been home a long while.
sports	nature	observation	general	0	I would rather say that a desire to drive fast sports cars is what sets man apart from the animals.
sports	life	quip	general	0	I'd rather push my Harley than ride a rice burner.
sports	life	quip	general	0	I'm a lucky guy, and I'm happy to be with the Yankees. And I want to thank everyone for making this night necessary.
sports	life	quip	general	0	I'm glad we don't have to play in the shade.
sports	life	quip	general	0	I've only got 12 cards.
sports	life	quip	general	0	If a putt passes over the hole without dropping, it is deemed to have dropped. The law of gravity holds that any object attempting to maintain a position in the atmosphere without something to support it must drop. The law of gravity supercedes the law of golf.
sports	life	observation	general	0	If people concentrated on the really important things in life, there'd be a shortage of fishing poles.
sports	nature	joke	general	0	If swimming is so good for your figure, how come whales look the way they do?
sports	life	wisdom	general	0	If you do your best the rest of the way, that takes care of everything. When we get to October 2, we'll add up the wins, and then we'll either all go into the playoffs, or we'll all go home and play golf. Both those things sound pretty good to me.
sports	life	aphorism	general	0	If you don't know what game you're playing, don't ask what the score is.
sports	life	aphorism	general	0	If you sit down at a poker game and don't see a sucker, get up. You're the sucker.
sports	life	aphorism	general	0	If you want to see card tricks, you have to expect to take cards.
sports	life	quip	general	0	If you're carrying a torch, put it down. The Olympics are over.
sports	society	observation	general	0	In Africa some of the native tribes have a custom of beating the ground with clubs and uttering spine chilling cries. Anthropologists call this a form of primitive self-expression. In America we call it golf.
sports	life	quip	general	0	In Brooklyn, we had such great pennant races, it made the World Series just something that came later.
sports	life	quip	general	0	It gets late early out there.
sports	life	quip	general	0	It has long been known that one horse can run faster than another -- but which one? Differences are crucial.
sports	life	quip	general	0	It's like deja vu all over again.
sports	life	aphorism	general	0	It's not whether you win or lose but how you played the game.
sports	life	quip	general	0	It's not whether you win or lose, it's how you look playing the game.
sports	life	quip	general	0	Keep grandma off the streets -- legalize bingo.
sports	life	dark	general	0	Life is a gamble at terrible odds, if it was a bet you wouldn't take it.
sports	life	quip	general	0	Life is a game of bridge -- and you've just been finessed.
sports	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is a yo-yo, and mankind ties knots in the string.
sports	society	quip	general	0	Look, we play the Star Spangled Banner before every game. You want us to pay income taxes, too?
sports	love	pun	general	0	Love means nothing to a tennis player.
sports	life	tv-quote	general	0	MARTA SAYS THE INTERESTING thing about fly-fishing is that it's two lives connected by a thin strand. Come on, Marta, grow up.
sports	life	tv-quote	general	0	MARTA WAS WATCHING THE FOOTBALL GAME with me when she said, "You know most of these sports are based on the idea of one group protecting its territory from invasion by another group." "Yeah," I said, trying not to laugh. Girls are funny.
sports	life	pun	general	0	Max told his friend that he'd just as soon not go hiking in the hills. Said he, "I'm an anti-climb Max." [So is that punchline.]
sports	life	observation	general	0	Most people's favorite way to end a game is by winning.
sports	life	wisdom	general	0	My way of joking is to tell the truth. That's the funniest joke in the world.
sports	life	quip	general	0	Nadia Comaneci, simple perfection. -- '76 Olympics
sports	life	aphorism	general	0	Never play pool with anyone named "Fats".
sports	society	quip	general	0	NEWS FLASH!! Today the East German pole-vault champion became the West German pole-vault champion.
sports	life	quip	general	0	Nothing increases your golf score like witnesses.
sports	life	quip	general	0	Now there's three things you can do in a baseball game: you can win or you can lose or it can rain.
sports	food	quip	general	0	On Thanksgiving Day all over America, families sit down to dinner at the same moment -- halftime.
sports	life	aphorism	general	0	One thought driven home is better than three left on base.
sports	life	joke	general	0	One way to stop a runaway horse is to bet on him.
sports	life	quip	general	0	Repel them. Repel them. Induce them to relinquish the spheroid.
sports	society	quip	general	0	Reporter: "What would you do if you found a million dollars?" Yogi Berra: "If the guy was poor, I would give it back."
sports	society	tv-quote	general	0	Rick: "How can you close me up? On what grounds?" Renault: "I'm shocked! Shocked! To find that gambling is going on here." Croupier (handing money to Renault): "Your winnings, sir." Renault:"Oh. Thank you very much."
sports	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rube Walker: "Hey, Yogi, what time is it?" Yogi Berra: "You mean now?"
sports	life	observation	general	0	Ruth made a great mistake when he gave up pitching. Working once a week, he might have lasted a long time and become a great star.
sports	life	pun	general	0	Sailing is fun, but scrubbing the decks is aardvark. -- Heard on Noahs' ark
sports	life	quip	general	0	Show me a good loser in professional sports and I'll show you an idiot. Show me a good sportsman and I'll show you a player I'm looking to trade.
sports	life	quip	general	0	So I'm ugly. So what? I never saw anyone hit with his face.
sports	life	quip	general	0	Support Bingo, keep Grandma off the streets.
sports	work-money	quip	general	0	Teamwork is essential -- it allows you to blame someone else.
sports	nature	wisdom	general	0	That's the true harbinger of spring, not crocuses or swallows returning to Capistrano, but the sound of a bat on a ball.
sports	faith	quip	general	0	The most serious doubt that has been thrown on the authenticity of the biblical miracles is the fact that most of the witnesses in regard to them were fishermen.
sports	life	joke	general	0	THE OLD POOL SHOOTER had won many a game in his life. But now it was time to hang up the cue. When he did, all the other cues came crashing to the floor. "Sorry," he said with a smile.
sports	life	quip	general	0	The one sure way to make a lazy man look respectable is to put a fishing rod in his hand.
sports	nature	dark	general	0	The real problem with hunting elephants is carrying the decoys.
sports	life	aphorism	general	0	The surest way to remain a winner is to win once, and then not play any more.
sports	life	joke	general	0	The University of California Bears announced the signing of Reggie Philbin to a letter of intent to attend Cal next Fall. Philbin is said to make up for no talent by cheating well. Says Philbin of his decision to attend Cal, "I'm in it for the free ride."
sports	life	dark	general	0	The urge to gamble is so universal and its practice so pleasurable that I assume it must be evil.
sports	life	wisdom	general	0	The whole of life is futile unless you consider it as a sporting proposition.
sports	life	quip	general	0	They also surf who only stand on waves.
sports	life	quip	general	0	To be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and, whatever you hit, call it the target.
sports	life	aphorism	general	0	Trust everybody, but cut the cards.
sports	life	pun	general	0	Two brothers, Mort and Bill, like to sail. While Bill has a great deal of experience, he certainly isn't the rigger Mort is.
sports	life	aphorism	general	0	When in doubt, lead trump.
sports	life	aphorism	general	0	Winning isn't everything, but losing isn't anything.
sports	life	aphorism	general	0	Winning isn't everything. It's the only thing.
sports	life	quip	general	0	Woman: "Is Yoo-Hoo hyphenated?" Yogi Berra: "No, ma'am, its not even carbonated."
news	food	pun	general	0	A journalist, thrilled over his dinner, asked the chef for the recipe. Retorted the chef, "Sorry, we have the same policy as you journalists, we never reveal our sauce."
news	arts	quip	general	0	A newspaper is a circulating library with high blood pressure. -- Arthure "Bugs" Baer
news	nature	dark	general	0	"A raccoon tangled with a 23,000 volt line today. The results blacked out 1400 homes and, of course, one raccoon."
news	life	dark	general	0	A young girl once committed suicide because her mother refused her a new bonnet. Coroner's verdict: "Death from excessive spunk."
news	society	quip	general	0	Advertisements contain the only truths to be relied on in a newspaper.
news	society	quip	general	0	All newspaper editorial writers ever do is come down from the hills after the battle is over and shoot the wounded.
news	arts	quip	general	0	An editor is one who separates the wheat from the chaff and prints the chaff.
news	society	quip	general	0	"... And remember: if you don't like the news, go out and make some of your own." -- "Scoop" Nisker, KFOG radio reporter Preposterous Words
news	life	quip	general	0	And that's the way it is...
news	life	quip	general	0	Earth Destroyed by Solar Flare -- film clips at eleven.
news	arts	quip	general	0	Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it.
news	society	observation	general	0	Everything you read in newspapers is absolutely true, except for that rare story of which you happen to have first-hand knowledge.
news	society	quip	general	0	FLASH! Intelligence of mankind decreasing. Details at ... uh, when the little hand is on the ....
news	life	quip	general	0	... Had this been an actual emergency, we would have fled in terror, and you would not have been informed.
news	life	quip	general	0	I only know what I read in the papers.
news	society	quip	general	0	I read the newspaper avidly. It is my one form of continuous fiction.
news	society	observation	general	0	I really look with commiseration over the great body of my fellow citizens who, reading newspapers, live and die in the belief that they have known something of what has been passing in their time.
news	life	quip	general	0	If I were to walk on water, the press would say I'm only doing it because I can't swim.
news	work-money	quip	general	0	If you lose your temper at a newspaper columnist, he'll get rich, or famous or both.
news	society	wisdom	general	0	In a medium in which a News Piece takes a minute and an "In-Depth" Piece takes two minutes, the Simple will drive out the Complex.
news	life	quip	general	0	Isn't it conceivable to you that an intelligent person could harbor two opposing ideas in his mind?
news	society	quip	general	0	Its failings notwithstanding, there is much to be said in favor of journalism in that by giving us the opinion of the uneducated, it keeps us in touch with the ignorance of the community.
news	arts	quip	general	0	Journalism is literature in a hurry.
news	arts	quip	general	0	Journalism will kill you, but it will keep you alive while you're at it.
news	arts	quip	general	0	Most rock journalism is people who can't write interviewing people who can't talk for people who can't read.
news	family	observation	general	0	My father was a God-fearing man, but he never missed a copy of the New York Times, either.
news	life	quip	general	0	Never offend people with style when you can offend them with substance.
news	society	dark	general	0	<BEL><BEL><BEL> *** NEWSFLASH *** Russian tanks steamrolling through New Jersey!!!! Details at eleven!
news	food	quip	general	0	"No self-respecting fish would want to be wrapped in that kind of paper."
news	life	observation	general	0	Of what you see in books, believe 75%. Of newspapers, believe 50%. And of TV news, believe 25% -- make that 5% if the anchorman wears a blazer.
news	society	quip	general	0	One of the signs of Napoleon's greatness is the fact that he once had a publisher shot.
news	life	observation	general	0	People who are funny and smart and return phone calls get much better press than people who are just funny and smart.
news	nature	observation	general	0	Photographing a volcano is just about the most miserable thing you can do.
news	society	quip	general	0	The advertisement is the most truthful part of a newspaper.
news	life	quip	general	0	The American Dental Association announced today that most plaque tends to form on teeth around 4:00 PM in the afternoon. Film at 11:00.
news	society	wisdom	general	0	The most important service rendered by the press is that of educating people to approach printed matter with distrust.
news	society	observation	general	0	"The New York Times is read by the people who run the country. The Washington Post is read by the people who think they run the country. The National Enquirer is read by the people who think Elvis is alive and running the country ..."
news	work-money	quip	general	0	The only qualities for real success in journalism are ratlike cunning, a plausible manner and a little literary ability. The capacity to steal other people's ideas and phrases ... is also invaluable.
news	life	quip	general	0	"Then you admit confirming not denying you ever said that?" "NO! ... I mean Yes! WHAT?" "I'll put `maybe.'"
news	life	dark	general	0	This is a test of the emergency broadcast system. Had there been an actual emergency, then you would no longer be here.
news	life	quip	general	0	This is a test of the Emergency Broadcast System. If this had been an actual emergency, do you really think we'd stick around to tell you?
news	life	dark	general	0	This life is a test. It is only a test. Had this been an actual life, you would have received further instructions as to what to do and where to go.
news	life	quip	general	0	Warning: Listening to WXRT on April Fools' Day is not recommended for those who are slightly disoriented the first few hours after waking up.
news	life	quip	general	0	You know the great thing about TV? If something important happens anywhere at all in the world, no matter what time of the day or night, you can always change the channel.
medicine	society	observation	general	0	A woman physician has made the statement that smoking is neither physically defective nor morally degrading, and that nicotine, even when indulged to in excess, is less harmful than excessive petting."
medicine	life	joke	general	0	After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes. He said, "No hablo ingles."
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
medicine	life	dark	general	0	Be a better psychiatrist and the world will beat a psychopath to your door.
medicine	life	wisdom	general	0	Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.
medicine	life	dark	general	0	Cure the disease and kill the patient.
medicine	science	quip	general	0	Death has been proven to be 99% fatal in laboratory rats.
medicine	health-body	pun	general	0	Dental health is next to mental health.
medicine	faith	quip	general	0	God is dead and I don't feel all too well either....
medicine	life	dark	general	0	"Good health" is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.
medicine	life	aphorism	general	0	Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
medicine	life	dark	general	0	Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
medicine	life	dark	general	0	Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	His ideas of first-aid stopped short of squirting soda water.
medicine	health-body	quip	general	0	I get my exercise acting as pallbearer to my friends who exercise.
medicine	work-money	quip	general	0	I got the bill for my surgery. Now I know what those doctors were wearing masks for.
medicine	life	joke	general	0	"I keep seeing spots in front of my eyes." "Did you ever see a doctor?" "No, just spots."
medicine	life	joke	general	0	If you look like your driver's license photo -- see a doctor. If you look like your passport photo -- it's too late for a doctor.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	It is very vulgar to talk like a dentist when one isn't a dentist. It produces a false impression.
medicine	life	dark	general	0	It's no longer a question of staying healthy. It's a question of finding a sickness you like.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	It's not reality or how you perceive things that's important -- it's what you're taking for it...
medicine	health-body	observation	general	0	Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.
medicine	science	pun	general	0	Laetrile is the pits.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	My doctorate's in Literature, but it seems like a pretty good pulse to me.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Neurotics build castles in the sky, Psychotics live in them, And psychiatrists collect the rent.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	New England Life, of course. Why do you ask?
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Paralysis through analysis.
medicine	science	quip	general	0	Proper treatment will cure a cold in seven days, but left to itself, a cold will hang on for a week.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents' shortcomings.
medicine	health-body	quip	general	0	Psychoanalysis is that mental illness for which it regards itself a therapy.
medicine	life	pun	general	0	Psychiatry is the care of the id by the odd.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
medicine	life	pun	general	0	Psychology. Mind over matter. Mind under matter? It doesn't matter. Never mind.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Pushing 30 is exercise enough.
medicine	health-body	observation	general	0	Pushing 40 is exercise enough.
medicine	life	dark	general	0	Quit worrying about your health. It'll go away.
medicine	life	pun	general	0	Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Some people need a good imaginary cure for their painful imaginary ailment.
medicine	life	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Straw? No, too stupid a fad. I put soot on warts.
medicine	society	quip	general	0	The 80's -- when you can't tell hairstyles from chemotherapy.
medicine	life	joke	general	0	"... the Mayo Clinic, named after its founder, Dr. Ted Clinic ..."
medicine	life	quip	general	0	"The molars, I'm sure, will be all right, the molars can take care of themselves," the old man said, no longer to me. "But what will become of the bicuspids?"
medicine	life	joke	general	0	The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.
medicine	science	quip	general	0	The real reason psychology is hard is that psychologists are trying to do the impossible.
medicine	science	quip	general	0	The reason they're called wisdom teeth is that the experience makes you wise.
medicine	food	quip	general	0	The secret of healthy hitchhiking is to eat junk food.
medicine	health-body	dark	general	0	The trouble with heart disease is that the first symptom is often hard to deal with: death.
medicine	health-body	quip	general	0	When a lot of remedies are suggested for a disease, that means it can't be cured.
pets	nature	quip	general	0	A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
pets	life	observation	general	0	About the only thing on a farm that has an easy time is the dog.
pets	nature	quip	general	0	All intelligent species own cats.
pets	tech	quip	general	0	Anyone who considers protocol unimportant has never dealt with a cat.
pets	arts	tv-quote	general	0	"Anything else you wish to draw to my attention, Mr. Holmes ?" "The curious incident of the stable dog in the nighttime." "But the dog did nothing in the nighttime." "That was the curious incident."
pets	life	aphorism	general	0	Auribus teneo lupum. [I hold a wolf by the ears.] [Boy, it *sounds* good. But what does it *mean*?]
pets	nature	pun	general	0	Breeding rabbits is a hare raising experience.
pets	nature	wisdom	general	0	Cats are intended to teach us that not everything in nature has a function.
pets	nature	observation	general	0	Cats are smarter than dogs. You can't make eight cats pull a sled through the snow.
pets	nature	verse	general	0	Cats, no less liquid than their shadows, offer no angles to the wind.
pets	nature	quip	general	0	Chihuahuas drive me crazy. I can't stand anything that shivers when it's warm.
pets	tech	quip	general	0	"Contrary to popular belief, penguins are not the salvation of modern technology. Neither do they throw parties for the urban proletariat."
pets	life	observation	general	0	Did you ever walk into a room and forget why you walked in? I think that's how dogs spend their lives.
pets	science	pun	general	0	Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
pets	nature	observation	general	0	Dogs just don't seem to be able to tell the difference between important people and the rest of us.
pets	life	quip	general	0	For a man to truly understand rejection, he must first be ignored by a cat.
pets	life	joke	general	0	Hi! You have reached 555-0129. None of us are here to answer the phone and the cat doesn't have opposing thumbs, so his messages are illegible. Please leave your name and message after the beep...<BEL>
pets	nature	quip	general	0	I loathe people who keep dogs. They are cowards who haven't got the guts to bite people themselves.
pets	nature	quip	general	0	I love dogs, but I hate Chihuahuas. A Chihuahua isn't a dog. It's a rat with a thyroid problem.
pets	life	observation	general	0	If a can of Alpo costs 38 cents, would it cost $2.50 in Dog Dollars?
pets	nature	joke	general	0	If anyone has seen my dog, please contact me at x2883 as soon as possible. We're offering a substantial reward. He's a sable collie, with three legs, blind in his left eye, is missing part of his right ear and the tip of his tail. He's been recently fixed. Answers to "Lucky".
pets	life	quip	general	0	If you are a police dog, where's your badge?
pets	life	joke	general	0	"If you don't want your dog to have bad breath, do what I do: Pour a little Lavoris in the toilet."
pets	nature	quip	general	0	In the eyes of my dog, I'm a man.
pets	life	dark	general	0	It is not a good omen when goldfish commit suicide.
pets	life	quip	general	0	It was Penguin lust... at its ugliest.
pets	life	dark	general	0	It's no use crying over spilt milk -- it only makes it salty for the cat.
pets	nature	quip	general	0	Lost: gray and white female cat. Answers to electric can opener.
pets	nature	aphorism	general	0	Never try to outstubborn a cat.
pets	nature	quip	general	0	No animal should ever jump on the dining room furniture unless absolutely certain he can hold his own in conversation.
pets	life	quip	general	0	No one can feel as helpless as the owner of a sick goldfish.
pets	life	quip	general	0	PENGUINICITY!!
pets	nature	pun	general	0	Raising pet electric eels is gaining a lot of current popularity.
pets	life	pun	general	0	"Shelter," what a nice name for for a place where you polish your cat.
pets	arts	wisdom	general	0	Some books are to be tasted, others to be swallowed, and some few to be chewed and digested.
pets	life	observation	general	0	Sometimes when I get up in the morning, I feel very peculiar. I feel like I've just got to bite a cat! I feel like if I don't bite a cat before sundown, I'll go crazy! But then I just take a deep breath and forget about it. That's what is known as real maturity.
pets	life	joke	general	0	Speaking of purchasing a dog, never buy a watchdog that's on sale. After all, everyone knows a bargain dog never bites!
pets	nature	observation	general	0	The difference between dogs and cats is that dogs come when they're called. Cats take a message and get back to you.
pets	nature	quip	general	0	The main problem I have with cats is, they're not dogs.
pets	life	observation	general	0	The only time a dog gets complimented is when he doesn't do anything.
pets	nature	quip	general	0	There are many intelligent species in the universe, and they all own cats.
pets	life	aphorism	general	0	There's no use in having a dog and doing your own barking.
pets	life	pun	general	0	To err is human, To purr feline.
pets	nature	observation	general	0	When man calls an animal "vicious", he usually means that it will attempt to defend itself when he tries to kill it.
pets	life	observation	general	0	When the fog came in on little cat feet last night, it left these little muddy paw prints on the hood of my car.
pets	nature	aphorism	general	0	Who loves me will also love my dog.
pets	life	quip	general	0	With a rubber duck, one's never alone. -- "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy"
