food	food	pun	general	0	A couple of kids tried using pickles instead of paddles for a Ping-Pong game. They had the volley of the Dills.
food	life	pun	general	0	A farm in the country side had several turkeys, it was known as the house of seven gobbles.
food	food	quip	general	0	A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart that looks at her watch.
food	food	pun	general	0	A new chef from India was fired a week after starting the job. He kept favoring curry.
food	life	pun	general	0	A waist is a terrible thing to mind.
food	food	joke	general	0	A wife started serving chopped meat, Monday hamburger, Tuesday meat loaf, Wednesday tartar steak, and Thursday meatballs. On Friday morning her husband snarled, "How now, ground cow?"
food	life	tv-quote	general	0	Actor: So what do you do for a living? Doris: I work for a company that makes deceptively shallow serving dishes for Chinese restaurants.
food	food	quip	general	0	Actually, my goal is to have a sandwich named after me.
food	family	joke	general	0	"And what will you do when you grow up to be as big as me?" asked the father of his little son. "Diet."
food	food	quip	general	0	Anything is good if it's made of chocolate.
food	food	quip	general	0	Anything that is good and useful is made of chocolate.
food	food	quip	general	0	As he had feared, his orders had been forgotten and everyone had brought the potato salad.
food	food	quip	general	0	Be careful when you bite into your hamburger.
food	food	quip	general	0	BOO! We changed Coke again! BLEAH! BLEAH!
food	life	quip	general	0	Boycott meat -- suck your thumb.
food	food	quip	general	0	Carob works on the principle that, when mixed with the right combination of fats and sugar, it can duplicate chocolate in color and texture. Of course, the same can be said of dirt.
food	food	quip	general	0	Cheese -- milk's leap toward immortality.
food	life	joke	general	0	Chinese saying: "He who speak with forked tongue, not need chopsticks."
food	life	aphorism	general	0	Death before dishonor. But neither before breakfast.
food	life	joke	general	0	Did you hear that Captain Crunch, Sugar Bear, Tony the Tiger, and Snap, Crackle and Pop were all murdered recently... Police suspect the work of a cereal killer!
food	food	pun	general	0	Dieters live life in the fasting lane.
food	life	quip	general	0	Dinner is ready when the smoke alarm goes off.
food	food	quip	general	0	Do not drink coffee in early A.M. It will keep you awake until noon.
food	food	quip	general	0	Do not worry about which side your bread is buttered on: you eat BOTH sides.
food	society	pun	general	0	During the American Revolution, a Britisher tried to raid a farm. He stumbled across a rock on the ground and fell, whereupon an aggressive Rhode Island Red hopped on top. Seeing this, the farmer commented, "Chicken catch a Tory!"
food	life	quip	general	0	Eat as much as you like -- just don't swallow it.
food	life	quip	general	0	Eat drink and be merry! Tomorrow you may be in Utah.
food	life	dark	general	0	Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow they may make it illegal.
food	food	quip	general	0	Eat drink and be merry, for tomorrow we diet.
food	life	dark	general	0	Eat right, stay fit, and die anyway.
food	life	quip	general	0	"Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow you may work."
food	food	aphorism	general	0	Eating chocolate is like being in love without the aggravation.
food	life	aphorism	general	0	Even a blind pig stumbles upon a few acorns.
food	life	aphorism	general	0	Even a cabbage may look at a king.
food	life	observation	general	0	Every time I lose weight, it finds me again!
food	life	aphorism	general	0	Everything I like is either illegal, immoral or fattening.
food	life	quip	general	0	Everything is worth precisely as much as a belch, the difference being that a belch is more satisfying.
food	life	pun	general	0	Fat Liberation: because a waist is a terrible thing to mind.
food	life	quip	general	0	Fat people of the world unite, we've got nothing to lose!
food	food	aphorism	general	0	Food for thought is no substitute for the real thing.
food	nature	quip	general	0	Fortune's Contribution of the Month to the Animal Rights Debate: I'll stay out of animals' way if they'll stay out of mine. "Hey you, get off my plate"
food	food	quip	general	0	God must have loved calories, she made so many of them.
food	life	joke	general	0	GREAT MOMENTS IN HISTORY (#2): November 23, 1915 Pancake make-up is invented; most people continue to prefer syrup.
food	life	observation	general	0	Has anyone ever tasted an "end"? Are they really bitter?
food	food	quip	general	0	Have a taco.
food	arts	pun	general	0	Home on the Range was originally written in beef-flat.
food	food	quip	general	0	Hors d'oeuvres -- a ham sandwich cut into forty pieces.
food	life	quip	general	0	I am so optimistic about beef prices that I've just leased a pot roast with an option to buy.
food	life	quip	general	0	I brake for chezlogs!
food	life	quip	general	0	I couldn't remember when I had been so disappointed. Except perhaps the time I found out that M&Ms really DO melt in your hand.
food	food	observation	general	0	I don't care for the Sugar Smacks commercial. I don't like the idea of a frog jumping on my Breakfast.
food	food	quip	general	0	I don't care where I sit as long as I get fed.
food	food	quip	general	0	I don't even butter my bread. I consider that cooking.
food	life	quip	general	0	I don't have an eating problem. I eat. I get fat. I buy new clothes. No problem.
food	food	quip	general	0	"I don't like spinach, and I'm glad I don't, because if I liked it I'd eat it, and I just hate it."
food	food	quip	general	0	I have never been one to sacrifice my appetite on the altar of appearance.
food	food	wisdom	general	0	I have no doubt that it is a part of the destiny of the human race, in its gradual improvement, to leave off eating animals.
food	food	quip	general	0	I just ate a whole package of Sweet Tarts and a can of Coke. I think I saw God.
food	food	quip	general	0	I never met a piece of chocolate I didn't like.
food	faith	quip	general	0	I never pray before meals -- my mom's a good cook.
food	life	quip	general	0	"I thought you were trying to get into shape." "I am. The shape I've selected is a triangle."
food	life	quip	general	0	I'm hungry, time to eat lunch.
food	health-body	quip	general	0	I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is two weeks.
food	food	pun	general	0	If at first you fricasee, fry, fry again.
food	food	quip	general	0	If food be the music of love, eat up, eat up.
food	food	pun	general	0	If puns were deli meat, this would be the wurst.
food	food	pun	general	0	If you are what you eat, does that mean Euell Gibbons really was a nut?
food	food	observation	general	0	If you put your supper dish to your ear you can hear the sounds of a restaurant.
food	food	pun	general	0	If you see an onion ring -- answer it!
food	food	observation	general	0	If you stew apples like cranberries, they taste more like prunes than rhubarb does.
food	food	aphorism	general	0	If you waste your time cooking, you'll miss the next meal.
food	food	quip	general	0	If you're going to America, bring your own food.
food	life	aphorism	general	0	If your bread is stale, make toast.
food	food	joke	general	0	In Mexico we have a word for sushi: bait.
food	food	quip	general	0	Is there life before breakfast?
food	food	aphorism	general	0	It is a hard matter, my fellow citizens, to argue with the belly, since it has no ears.
food	life	observation	general	0	It was a brave man that ate the first oyster.
food	food	quip	general	0	It would be nice if the Food and Drug Administration stopped issuing warnings about toxic substances and just gave me the names of one or two things still safe to eat.
food	food	quip	general	0	It's raisins that make Post Raisin Bran so raisiny ...
food	food	observation	general	0	It's so beautifully arranged on the plate -- you know someone's fingers have been all over it.
food	life	quip	general	0	Killing turkeys causes winter.
food	love	aphorism	general	0	Kissing don't last, cookery do.
food	food	quip	general	0	Kitchen activity is highlighted. Butter up a friend.
food	life	joke	general	0	Last night I dreamed I ate a ten-pound marshmallow, and when I woke up the pillow was gone.
food	food	dark	general	0	Last week's pet, this week's special.
food	life	quip	general	0	Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
food	life	dark	general	0	Life is like a bowl of soup with hairs floating on it. You have to eat it nevertheless.
food	life	quip	general	0	"Life is like a buffet; it's not good but there's plenty of it."
food	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is like a tin of sardines. We're, all of us, looking for the key.
food	life	quip	general	0	Life is like an egg stain on your chin -- you can lick it, but it still won't go away.
food	life	dark	general	0	Life is like an onion: you peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
food	life	quip	general	0	Life is like an onion: you peel off layer after layer and then you find there is nothing in it.
food	food	quip	general	0	Life is too short to stuff a mushroom.
food	life	quip	general	0	Life without caffeine is stimulating enough.
food	food	quip	general	0	Living here in Rio, I have lots of coffees to choose from. And when you're on the lam like me, you appreciate a good cup of coffee. -- "Great Train Robber" Ronald Biggs' coffee commercial
food	life	observation	general	0	Man who arrives at party two hours late will find he has been beaten to the punch.
food	food	quip	general	0	Most people eat as though they were fattening themselves for market.
food	food	observation	general	0	Mountain Dew and doughnuts... because breakfast is the most important meal of the day.
food	health-body	joke	general	0	My doctor told me to stop having intimate dinners for four. Unless there are three other people.
food	food	observation	general	0	My favorite sandwich is peanut butter, baloney, cheddar cheese, lettuce and mayonnaise on toasted bread with catsup on the side.
food	life	quip	general	0	My weight is perfect for my height -- which varies.
food	food	quip	general	0	Never eat anything bigger than your head.
food	food	quip	general	0	Never eat more than you can lift.
food	life	quip	general	0	No man in the world has more courage than the man who can stop after eating one peanut.
food	love	observation	general	0	Nothing takes the taste out of peanut butter quite like unrequited love.
food	food	joke	general	0	Pete: Waiter, this meat is bad. Waiter: Who told you? Pete: A little swallow.
food	life	quip	general	0	Peter's hungry, time to eat lunch.
food	nature	dark	general	0	Preserve wildlife -- pickle a squirrel today!
food	food	pun	general	0	Prunes give you a run for your money.
food	food	observation	general	0	Put a pot of chili on the stove to simmer. Let it simmer. Meanwhile, broil a good steak. Eat the steak. Let the chili simmer. Ignore it. -- Recipe for chili from Allan Shrivers, former governor of Texas.
food	life	quip	general	0	Put cats in the coffee and mice in the tea!
food	life	fact	general	0	Remember, DESSERT is spelled with two `s's while DESERT is spelled with one, because EVERYONE wants two desserts, but NO ONE wants two deserts.
food	society	quip	general	0	Sacred cows make great hamburgers.
food	life	quip	general	0	Save gas, don't eat beans.
food	food	quip	general	0	Seeing is deceiving. It's eating that's believing.
food	food	quip	general	0	So much food; so little time!
food	life	quip	general	0	Some circumstantial evidence is very strong, as when you find a trout in the milk.
food	life	aphorism	general	0	The chicken that clucks the loudest is the one most likely to show up at the steam fitters' picnic.
food	food	observation	general	0	The cow is nothing but a machine which makes grass fit for us people to eat.
food	arts	joke	general	0	THE DAILY PLANET SUPERMAN SAVES DESSERT! Plans to "Eat it later"
food	life	quip	general	0	The early bird gets the coffee left over from the night before.
food	life	joke	general	0	The men sat sipping their tea in silence. After a while the klutz said, "Life is like a bowl of sour cream." "Like a bowl of sour cream?" asked the other. "Why?" "How should I know? What am I, a philosopher?"
food	family	quip	general	0	The most remarkable thing about my mother is that for thirty years she served the family nothing but leftovers. The original meal has never been found.
food	food	quip	general	0	"The National Association of Theater Concessionaires reported that in 1986, 60% of all candy sold in movie theaters was sold to Roger Ebert."
food	life	quip	general	0	The number of feet in a yard is directly proportional to the success of the barbecue.
food	life	observation	general	0	The number of licorice gumballs you get out of a gumball machine increases in direct proportion to how much you hate licorice.
food	food	quip	general	0	The only thing better than love is milk.
food	life	joke	general	0	The scene: in a vast, painted desert, a cowboy faces his horse. Cowboy: "Well, you've been a pretty good hoss, I guess. Hardworkin'. Not the fastest critter I ever come acrost, but..." Horse: "No, stupid, not feed*back*. I said I wanted a feed*bag*.
food	food	quip	general	0	The trouble with eating Italian food is that five or six days later you're hungry again.
food	life	dark	general	0	The way to a man's stomach is through his esophagus.
food	food	quip	general	0	There are times when truth is stranger than fiction and lunch time is one of them.
food	life	quip	general	0	There are twenty-five people left in the world, and twenty-seven of them are hamburgers.
food	life	quip	general	0	There is more simplicity in the man who eats caviar on impulse than in the man who eats Grape-Nuts on principle.
food	food	wisdom	general	0	There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
food	life	aphorism	general	0	There's always free cheese in a mousetrap.
food	life	observation	general	0	There's nothing like the face of a kid eating a Hershey bar.
food	food	quip	general	0	Thirteen at a table is unlucky only when the hostess has only twelve chops.
food	life	tv-quote	general	0	This is Betty Frenel. I don't know who to call but I can't reach my Food-a-holics partner. I'm at Vido's on my second pizza with sausage and mushroom. Jim, come and get me!
food	life	quip	general	0	This is National Non-Dairy Creamer Week.
food	food	quip	general	0	Tom's hungry, time to eat lunch.
food	life	pun	general	0	Two peanuts were walking through the New York. One was assaulted.
food	food	observation	general	0	Vegetables are what food eats. Fruit are vegetables that fool you by tasting good. Fish are fast moving vegetables. Mushrooms are what grows on vegetables when food's done with them.
food	food	quip	general	0	Vegetarians beware! You are what you eat.
food	food	joke	general	0	Waiter: "Tea or coffee, gentlemen?" 1st customer: "I'll have tea." 2nd customer: "Me, too -- and be sure the glass is clean!" (Waiter exits, returns) Waiter: "Two teas. Which one asked for the clean glass?"
food	life	aphorism	general	0	Wake up and smell the coffee.
food	food	quip	general	0	What foods these morsels be!
food	food	wisdom	general	0	What is food to one, is to others bitter poison.
food	life	aphorism	general	0	What is important is food, money and opportunities for scoring off one's enemies. Give a man these three things and you won't hear much squawking out of him.
food	health-body	quip	general	0	When a person goes on a diet, the first thing he loses is his temper.
food	food	aphorism	general	0	When all else fails, EAT!!!
food	food	quip	general	0	When my brain begins to reel from my literary labors, I make an occasional cheese dip.
food	food	observation	general	0	When you're dining out and you suspect something's wrong, you're probably right.
food	life	dark	general	0	Where do you go to get anorexia?
food	life	observation	general	0	While it may be true that a watched pot never boils, the one you don't keep an eye on can make an awful mess of your stove.
food	food	wisdom	general	0	Whoever tells a lie cannot be pure in heart -- and only the pure in heart can make a good soup.
food	food	observation	general	0	Why do so many foods come packaged in plastic? It's quite uncanny.
food	life	pun	general	0	Why do they call a fast a fast, when it goes so slow?
food	food	quip	general	0	Without ice cream, life and fame are meaningless.
food	food	quip	general	0	You don't sew with a fork, so I see no reason to eat with knitting needles.
food	food	dark	general	0	You first parents of the human race... who ruined yourself for an apple, what might you have done for a truffled turkey?
food	life	observation	general	0	You know you have a small apartment when Rice Krispies echo.
food	life	observation	general	0	You know you're a little fat if you have stretch marks on your car.
food	food	joke	general	0	You must dine in our cafeteria. You can eat dirt cheap there!!!!
food	life	observation	general	0	Your mind is the part of you that says, "Why'n'tcha eat that piece of cake?" ... and then, twenty minutes later, says, "Y'know, if I were you, I wouldn't have done that!"
