goedel	tech	quip	general	0	Beware of computerized fortune-tellers!
goedel	food	quip	general	0	Chocolate chip.
goedel	tech	quip	general	0	DELETE A FORTUNE! Don't some of these fortunes just drive you nuts?! Wouldn't you like to see some of them deleted from the system? You can! Just mail to `fortune' with the fortune you hate most, and we'll make sure it gets expunged.
goedel	life	dark	general	0	Do not read this fortune under penalty of law. Violators will be prosecuted. (Penal Code sec. 2.3.2 (II.a.))
goedel	life	quip	general	0	For 20 dollars, I'll give you a good fortune next time ...
goedel	life	quip	general	0	For some reason, this fortune reminds everyone of Marvin Zelkowitz.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	Fortune's current rates: Answers .10 Long answers .25 Answers requiring thought .50 Correct answers $1.00 Dumb looks are still free.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	Generic Fortune.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	Ginger snap.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	Hi there! This is just a note from me, to you, to tell you, the person reading this note, that I can't think up any more famous quotes, jokes, nor bizarre stories, so you may as well go home.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	I know you believe you understand what you think this fortune says, but I'm not sure you realize that what you are reading is not what it means.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	If it's Tuesday, this must be someone else's fortune.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	If there are epigrams, there must be meta-epigrams.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	If this fortune didn't exist, somebody would have invented it.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	If you wish to live wisely, ignore sayings -- including this one.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	Ignore previous fortune.
goedel	life	observation	general	0	In which level of metalanguage are you now speaking?
goedel	food	quip	general	0	Oatmeal raisin.
goedel	tech	quip	general	0	Pardon this fortune. Database under reconstruction.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	Pick another fortune cookie.
goedel	life	observation	general	0	Since before the Earth was formed and before the sun burned hot in space, cosmic forces of inexorable power have been working relentlessly toward this moment in space-time -- your receiving this fortune.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	Sorry, no fortune this time.
goedel	tech	quip	general	0	The fortune program is supported, in part, by user contributions and by a major grant from the National Endowment for the Inanities.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	There is no such thing as fortune. Try again.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	This Fortune Examined By INSPECTOR NO. 2-14
goedel	life	quip	general	0	This fortune intentionally left blank.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	This fortune intentionally not included.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	This fortune intentionally says nothing.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	This fortune is dedicated to your mother, without whose invaluable assistance last night would never have been possible.
goedel	tech	quip	general	0	This fortune is encrypted -- get your decoder rings ready!
goedel	life	quip	general	0	This fortune is false.
goedel	tech	quip	general	0	This fortune is inoperative. Please try another.
goedel	tech	quip	general	0	This fortune soaks up 47 times its own weight in excess memory.
goedel	life	tv-quote	general	0	This fortune was brought to you by the people at Hewlett-Packard.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	This fortune would be seven words long if it were six words shorter.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	This is your fortune.
goedel	food	quip	general	0	Vanilla wafer.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	Very few profundities can be expressed in less than 80 characters.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	WARNING: Reading this fortune can affect the dimensionality of your mind, change the curvature of your spine, cause the growth of hair on your palms, and make a difference in the outcome of your favorite war.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	We interrupt this fortune for an important announcement...
goedel	life	quip	general	0	What does it mean if there is no fortune for you?
goedel	tech	quip	general	0	When you're not looking at it, this fortune is written in FORTRAN.
goedel	life	quip	general	0	You will think of something funnier than this to add to the fortunes.
