handey	life	dark	general	0	A good way to keep a mob of peasants from killing your monster is when they break into your castle, make them be real quiet, then open a door and there's the monster, sound asleep.
handey	life	dark	general	0	A good way to threaten somebody is to light a stick of dynamite. Then you call the guy and hold the burning fuse up to the phone. "Hear that?" you say. "That's dynamite, baby."
handey	life	quip	general	0	A man doesn't automatically get my respect. He has to get down in the dirt and beg for it.
handey	faith	quip	general	0	A quiz: If I am my brother's keeper, who am I? (Answer: me.)
handey	life	dark	general	0	After I die, wherever my spirit goes, I'm going to try to get back and visit my skeleton at least once a year, because, "Hey, old buddy, how's it going?"
handey	life	observation	general	0	Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus Flytrap. The flytrap can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition.
handey	life	wisdom	general	0	Ambition is like a frog sitting on a Venus's-flytrap. The flytrap can bite and bite, but it won't bother the frog because it only has little tiny plant teeth. But some other stuff could happen and it could be like ambition.
handey	life	dark	general	0	Any man, in the right situation, is capable of murder. But not any man is capable of being a good camper. So, murder and camping are not as similar as you might think.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Anybody who has an identity problem had better wise up and get with the program!
handey	life	quip	general	0	Anytime I see something screech across a room and latch onto someone's neck, and the guy screams and tries to get it off, I have to laugh, because what IS that thing?!
handey	life	dark	general	0	As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it that was very pleasurable - until I realized it wasn't a nectarine at all, but A HUMAN HEAD!!
handey	life	dark	general	0	As the evening sky faded from a salmon color to a sort of flint gray, I thought back to the salmon I caught that morning, and how gray he was, and how I named him Flint.
handey	life	observation	general	0	As the evening sun faded from a salmon color to a sort of flint gray, I thought back to the salmon I caught that morning, and how gray he was, and how I named him Flint.
handey	life	observation	general	0	As the light changed from red to green to yellow and back to red again, I sat there thinking about life. Was it nothing more than a bunch of honking and yelling? Sometimes it seemed that way.
handey	life	tv-quote	general	0	As the sleek new sports car wound its way up the tortuous road, Henri tought back to the torture he had received ten minutes ago. "Ah, air conditioning", he thought as he aimed the vents toward the numerous whip marks on his legs, chest, and groinal area.
handey	life	dark	general	0	As the snow started to fall, he tugged his coat tighter around himself. Too tight, as it turned out. "This is the fourth coat crushing this year", said the sergeant as he outlined the body with a special pencil that writes on snow.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Basically, there are three ways the skunk and I are a lot alike. The first is, we both like to spread our "stink" around. The second is we both get hit by cars a lot. The third is stripes.
handey	nature	dark	general	0	Better not take a dog on the space shuttle, because if he sticks his head out when you're coming home his face might burn up.
handey	life	verse	general	0	Blow ye winds, Like the trumpet blows; But without that noise.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Broken promises don't upset me. I just think, why did they believe me?
handey	life	quip	general	0	Can something be true and funny at the same time, like "Your head looks like a melon"? ~ Jack Handey
handey	life	quip	general	0	Can't the Marx Brothers be arrested and maybe even tortured for all the confusion and problems they've caused?
handey	life	dark	general	0	Carl would have to be fast to beat the stranger. Real fast. "Draw," said the stranger. Carl went for his gun, but then "Hey, where did all these angels come from?"
handey	family	dark	general	0	Children need encouragement. So if a kid gets an answer right, tell him it was a lucky guess. That way, he develops a good, lucky feeling.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Consider the daffodil. And while you're doing that, I'll be over here, looking through your stuff.
handey	life	dark	general	0	Contrary to popular belief, the most dangerous animal is not the lion or tiger or even the elephant. The most dangerous animal is a shark riding on an elephant, just trampling and eating everything they see.
handey	nature	joke	general	0	Contrary to what most people say, the most dangerous animal in the world is not the lion or the tiger or even the elephant. It's a shark riding on an elephant's back, just trampling and eating everything they see.
handey	family	dark	general	0	Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Did the Vikings have jokes, and, if so, were they surprisingly gentle? ~ Jack Handey
handey	nature	quip	general	0	Do insects have a sense of humor, and does it involve stinging you? ~ Jack Handey
handey	life	joke	general	0	Do you know what happens when you slice a golf ball in half? Someone gets mad at you. I found this out the hard way.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Don't ever get your speedometer confused with your clock, like I did once, because the faster you go, the later you think you are.
handey	society	joke	general	0	During the Middle Ages, probably one of the biggest mistakes was not putting on your armor because you were "just going down to the corner."
handey	life	joke	general	0	Even though I was their captive, the Indians allowed me quite a bit of freedom. I could walk about freely, make my own meals, and even hurl large rocks at their heads. It was only later that I discovered they were not Indians at all, but dirty clothes hampers.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Even though he was an enemy of mine, I had to admit that what he had accomplished was a brilliant piece of strategy. First, he punched me, then he kicked me, then he punched me again.
handey	science	quip	general	0	For mad scientists who keep brains in jars, here's a tip: Why not add a slice of lemon to each jar, for freshness.
handey	arts	observation	general	0	For there to be comedy, must there also be tragedy? For the comedy of someone heckling an actor, must there also be the tragedy of the person being escorted from the theatre? ~ Jack Handey
handey	life	dark	general	0	Frank knew that no man had ever crossed the desert on foot and lived to tell about it. So, he decided to get back in his car and keep driving.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Happiness is not a circus clown rolling around in a big tractor tire so that his arms and legs form "spokes." Happiness is when he stops.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95
handey	life	quip	general	0	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Caution: Happy Fun Ball may suddenly accelerate to dangerous speeds.
handey	life	tv-quote	general	0	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Discontinue use of Happy Fun Ball if any of the following occurs: *Itching *Vertigo *Dizziness *Tingling in extremities *Loss of balance or coordination *Slurred speech *Temporary Blindness *Profuse sweating *Heart Palpitations
handey	life	tv-quote	general	0	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Do not taunt Happy Fun Ball.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Do not use Happy Fun Ball on concrete.
handey	life	tv-quote	general	0	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Failure to do so relieves the makers of Happy Fun Ball, Wacky Products Incorporated, and its parent company Global Chemical Unlimited, of any and all liability.
handey	life	tv-quote	general	0	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Happy Fun Ball Contains a liquid core, which, if exposed due to rupture, should not be touched, inhaled, or looked at.
handey	life	tv-quote	general	0	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Happy Fun Ball comes with a lifetime guarantee.
handey	life	tv-quote	general	0	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Happy Fun Ball has been shipped to our troops in Saudi Arabia and is also being dropped by our warplanes on Iraq.
handey	life	tv-quote	general	0	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Happy Fun Ball may stick to certain types of skin.
handey	life	tv-quote	general	0	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- If Happy Fun Ball begins to smoke, get away immediately. Seek shelter and cover head.
handey	life	dark	general	0	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- Warning: Pregnant women, the elderly and children under 10 should avoid prolonged exposure to Happy Fun Ball.
handey	life	tv-quote	general	0	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- When not in use, Happy Fun Ball should be returned to its special container and kept under refrigeration...
handey	life	tv-quote	general	0	Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95- ingredients of Happy Fun Ball include an unknown glowing substance which fell to Earth, presumably from outer space.
handey	life	tv-quote	general	0	Happy Fun Ball ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTES! Happy Fun Ball -only $14.95
handey	love	quip	general	0	He was the kind of man who was not ashamed to show affection. I guess that's what I hated about him.
handey	nature	joke	general	0	Here's a good gag if you go swimming in a swamp and when you come out you're all covered with leeches. Just say, "Hey, has anybody seen my raisins?" (Because leeches kind of look like big raisins.)
handey	life	dark	general	0	Here's a good joke to do during an earthquake: Straddle a big crack in the earth, and if it opens wider, go, "Whoa! Whoa!" and flail your arms around, as if you're going to fall in.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Here's a good joke to do during an earthquake: Straddle a big crack in the ground, and if it opens wider, go "Whoa! Whoa!" and flail your arms around, like you're going to fall in.
handey	food	observation	general	0	Here's a good tip for when you go to the beach: A sand dollar may look like a nice cracker that someone left, but trust me, they don't taste like it.
handey	life	joke	general	0	Here's a good trick: Get a job as a judge at the Olympics. Then, if some guy sets a world record, pretend that you didn't see it and go, "Okay, is everybody ready to start now?"
handey	nature	quip	general	0	Here's a suggestion for a new animal, if some new ones get created or evolve: something that stings you, then laughs at you.
handey	life	dark	general	0	Higher beings from outer space may not want to tell us the secrets of life, because we're not ready. But maybe they'll change their tune after a little torture.
handey	society	observation	general	0	How come the dove gets to be the peace symbol? How about the pillow? It has more feathers than the dove, and it doesn't have that dangerous beak.
handey	science	observation	general	0	How come, just as the rocket is launching, the astronauts don't also shoot some fireworks out the window? It would make the whole takeoff look more impressive.
handey	work-money	quip	general	0	How long should you laugh at your boss's joke? A half hour or a full hour? ~ Jack Handey
handey	life	joke	general	0	I believe in making the world safe for our children, but not our children's children, because I don't think children should be having sex.
handey	life	dark	general	0	I bet a funny thing about driving a car off a cliff is, while you're in midair, you still hit those brakes! Hey, better try the emergency brake!
handey	life	quip	general	0	I bet if you were a mummy wrapper in ancient Egypt, on thing you would constantly find yourself telling people would be, "Be sure, before I start, you have all the jewelry and so forth on the body, because I am NOT unwrapping him later."
handey	life	observation	general	0	I bet it was pretty hard to pick up girls if you had the Black Death.
handey	life	observation	general	0	I bet it's hard to break farmers of the old superstitions like "Tornado got Old Yeller, stay in the cellar."
handey	life	observation	general	0	I bet one legend that keeps recurring throughout history, in every culture, is the story of Popeye.
handey	life	observation	general	0	I bet the main reason the police keep people away from a plane crash is they don't want anybody walking in and lying down in the crash stuff, then when somebody comes up act like they just woke up and go, "What was THAT?!"
handey	nature	observation	general	0	I bet the sparrow looks at the parrot and thinks, yes, you can talk, but LISTEN TO YOURSELF!
handey	society	dark	general	0	I bet what happened was, they discovered fire and invented the wheel on the same day. Then, that night, they burned the wheel.
handey	life	dark	general	0	I bet when the neanderthal kids would make a snowman, someone would always end up saying, "Don't forget the thick, heavy brows." Then they would all get embarrassed because they remembered they had the big hunky brows too, and they'd get mad and eat the snowman.
handey	society	observation	general	0	I bet when they weren't fighting, Vikings with horn helmets had to stick potatoes on the ends of the horns, so as to avoid eye pokings to fellow Vikings and lady Vikings.
handey	society	dark	general	0	I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because they'd never expect it.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I can see why it would be prohibited to throw most things off the top of the Empire State Building, but what's wrong with little bits of cheese? They probably break down into their various gases before they even hit.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I can't stand cheap people. It makes me real mad when someone says something like "Hey, when are you going to pay me that hundred dollars you owe me?" or "Do you have that fifty dollars you borrowed?" Man, quit being so cheap!
handey	life	quip	general	0	I don't pretend to have all the answers. I don't pretend to even know what the questions are. Hey, where am I?
handey	nature	quip	general	0	I don't say that the bird is "good" or the bat is "bad." But I will say this: At least the bird is less nude.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I don't think God put me on this planet to judge others. I think he put me on this planet to gather specimens and take them back to my home planet.
handey	science	quip	general	0	I don't think I'm alone when I say I'd like to see more and more planets fall under the ruthless domination of our solar system.
handey	life	observation	general	0	I don't think I'm ever more "aware" than I am right after I hit my thumb with a hammer.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I don't understand people who say life is a mystery, because what is it they want to know?
handey	life	joke	general	0	I guess of all my uncles, I liked Uncle Cave Man the best. We called him Uncle Cave Man because he lived in a cave and because sometimes he'd eat one of us. Later on we found out he was a bear.
handey	faith	quip	general	0	I guess the hard thing for a lot of people to accept is why God would allow me to go running through their yards, yelling and spinning around.
handey	life	dark	general	0	I guess we were all guilty, in a way. We all shot him, we all skinned him, and we all got a complimentary bumper sticker that said, "I helped skin Bob."
handey	life	observation	general	0	I have to laugh when I think of the first cigar, because it was probably just a bunch of rolled-up tobacco leaves.
handey	life	observation	general	0	I hope if dogs ever take over the world, and they choose a king, they don't just go by size, because I bet there are some Chihuahuas with some good ideas.
handey	nature	observation	general	0	I hope if dogs ever take over the world, and they chose a king, they don't just go by size, because I bet there are some Chihuahuas with some good ideas.
handey	society	dark	general	0	I hope in the future Americans are thought of as a warlike, vicious people, because I bet a lot of high schools would pick "Americans" as their mascot.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I hope life isn't a big joke, because I don't get it.
handey	life	dark	general	0	I hope some animal never bores a hole in my head and lays its eggs in my brain, because later you might think you're having a good idea but it's just eggs hatching.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I hope that after I die, people will say of me: ``That guy sure owed me a lot of money.''
handey	society	dark	general	0	I hope that someday we will be able to put away our fears and prejudices and just laugh at people.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I hope they never find out that lightning has a lot of vitamins in it, because do you hide from it or not?
handey	life	observation	general	0	I hope, when they die, cartoon characters have to answer for their sins.
handey	life	joke	general	0	I read that when the archaeologists dug down into the ancient cemetary, they found fragments of *human bones*! What kind of barbarians were these people, anyway?
handey	life	dark	general	0	I remember how, in college, I got that part-time job as a circus clown, and how the children would laugh and laugh at me. I vowed, then and there, that I would get revenge.
handey	family	joke	general	0	I remember one day I was at Grandpa's farm and I asked him about sex. He sort of smiled and said, "Maybe instead of telling you what sex is, why don't we go out to the horse pasture and I'll show you." So we did, and there on the ground were my parents having sex.
handey	life	observation	general	0	I think Superman and Santa Claus are actually the same guy, and I'll tell you why: Both fly, both wear red, and both have a beard.
handey	society	observation	general	0	I think a good gift for the president would be a chocolate revolver. And since he's so busy, you'd probably have to run up to him and hand it to him.
handey	arts	joke	general	0	I think a good movie would be about a guy who's a brain scientist, but he gets hit on the head and it damages the part of the brain that makes you want to study the brain.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I think a new, different kind of bowling should be "carpet bowling." It's just like regular bowling, only the lanes are carpet instead of wood. I don't know why we should do this, but my God, we've got to try something!
handey	life	dark	general	0	I think college administrators should encourage students to urinate on walls and bushes, because then when students from another college come sniffing around, they'll know this is someone else's territory.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I think in one of my previous lives I was a mighty king, because I like people to do what I say.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I think it's high time we started questioning the old cliches like "Grunt big for Daddy."
handey	arts	quip	general	0	I think my favorite monster movie is "Gone With the Wind", because it has that ear monster and that big-dress monster.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I think my new thing will be to try to be a real happy guy. I'll just walk around being real happy until some jerk says something stupid to me.
handey	love	quip	general	0	I think one reason I could be a good playboy is I would be willing to spend the time required to really fix up my "pad".
handey	society	dark	general	0	I think one way police departments could make some money would be to hold a yard sale of murder weapons. Many people, for example, could probably use a cheap ice pick.
handey	nature	quip	general	0	I think somebody should come up with a way to breed a very large shrimp. That way, you could ride him, then after you camped at night, you could eat him. How about it, science?
handey	life	quip	general	0	I think someone should have had the decency to tell me the luncheon was free. To make someone run out with potato salad in his hand, pretending he's throwing up, is not what I call hospitality.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I think someone should have had the decency to tell me the luncheon was free. To make someone run out with potato salad in his hand, pretending that he's throwing up, is not what I call hospitality.
handey	life	observation	general	0	I think that a hat which has a little cannon that fires and then goes back inside the hat is at least a decade away.
handey	life	dark	general	0	I think the mistake a lot of us make is thinking the state-appointed psychiatrist is our "friend."
handey	nature	quip	general	0	I think the monkeys at the zoo should have to wear sunglasses so they can't hypnotize you.
handey	life	observation	general	0	I think there probably should be a rule that if you're talking about how many loaves of bread a bullet will go through, it's understood that you mean lengthwise loaves. Otherwise, it makes no sense.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I think they should continue the policy of not giving a Nobel Prize for paneling.
handey	society	quip	general	0	I think when you go on trial they should have a parrot there that says guilty or not guilty for you, as a sort of courtesy.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I wish I could shrink down to the size of an ant. And maybe there would be thousands of other people shrunken down to ant-size, and we would get together and dig tunnels down into the ground and live there. But don't ever call us "ants," because we hate that.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I wish I had a Kryptonite cross, because then you could keep both Dracula AND Superman away.
handey	life	joke	general	0	I wish I had a dollar for every time I spent a dollar, because then, yahoo!, I'd have all my money back.
handey	love	quip	general	0	I wish I would have a real tragic love affair and get so bummed out that I'd just quit my job and become a bum for a few years, because I was thinking about doing that anyway.
handey	society	quip	general	0	I wish a robot would get elected President. That way, when he came to town, we could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad.
handey	society	dark	general	0	I wish everybody would have to have an electric thing implanted in our heads that gave us a shock whenever we did something to disobey the president. Then somehow I get myself elected president.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I wish my name was Todd, because then I could say, "Yes, my name's Todd. Todd Blankenship." Oh, also I wish my last name was Blankenship.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I wish outer-space guys would conquer Earth and make people their pets, because I'd like to have one of those little basket-beds with my name on it.
handey	nature	quip	general	0	I wish scientists would come up with a way to make dogs a lot bigger, but with a smaller head. That way, they'd still be good as watchdogs, but they wouldn't eat so much.
handey	food	observation	general	0	I wish scientists would come up with an ear of corn that was big and round, because then when you were eating it, it'd be fun to make chew marks in the shape of continents.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I wish there was a disease where you're afraid of clouds, because I think I could cure it. First, you sit the patient down and have a long personal talk. After that, I'm not sure, but maybe you could throw some water in his face or something.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I wonder if Dracula ever has ticks.
handey	faith	observation	general	0	I wonder if angels believe in ghosts.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I wonder if the polite thing to do is always the right thing to do. When I met the family from Japan, they all bowed. I pretended like I was going to bow, but then I just kept going and flipped over on my back. I did this five times. I think they got the point.
handey	life	dark	general	0	I'd like to be buried Indian-style, where they put you up on a high rack, above the ground. That way, you could get hit by meteorites and not even feel it.
handey	nature	quip	general	0	I'd like to see a nature film where an eagle swoops down and pulls a fish out of a lake, and then maybe he's flying along, low to the ground, and the fish pulls a worm out of the ground. Now that's a documentary!
handey	life	quip	general	0	I'd rather be rich than stupid.
handey	tech	quip	general	0	I'm just guessing, but probably one of the early signs that your radarscope is wearing out is something I call "image fuzz-out." But I've never even seen a radarscope, so I wouldn't totally go by what I've just said here.
handey	life	quip	general	0	I'm telling you, just attach a big parachute TO THE PLANE ITSELF! Is anyone listening to me?!
handey	life	dark	general	0	If Alien was my friend, I'd like to be with him when he went to the dentist. When they started drilling, he'd probably go nuts and start eating everybody. That Alien!
handey	faith	quip	general	0	If God dwells inside us, like some people say, I sure hope He likes enchiladas, because that's what He's getting!
handey	nature	quip	general	0	If I come back as a horsefly, I think my favorite thing would be to land on someone's lip. Even if they smash you, ick!, you're all over their lip!
handey	life	dark	general	0	If I come back as an animal in my next lifetime, I hope it's some type of parasite, because this is the part where I take it EASY!
handey	nature	quip	general	0	If I could be a bird, I think I'd be a penguin, because then I could walk around on two feet with a lot of other guys like me.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If I ever become a mummy, I'm going to have it so when somebody opens my lid, a boxing glove on a spring shoots out.
handey	arts	wisdom	general	0	If I ever do a book on the Amazon, I hope I am able to bring a certain lightheartedness to the subject, in a way that tell the reader we are going to have fun with this thing.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If I ever get real rich, I hope I'm not real mean to poor people, like I am now.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If I had a nickname, I think I would want it to be "Prince of Weasels", because then I could go up and bite people and they would turn around and go, "What the-?" And then they would recognize me, and go, "Oh, it's you, the Prince of Weasels."
handey	life	quip	general	0	If I had the time to sit down and write a thank-you note to everyone who sent me a nice, expensive present, what a wonderful world that would be!
handey	society	dark	general	0	If I was a cowboy in a lynch mob, I think I'd try to stay near the back. That way, if somebody shamed us into disbanding, I could sort of slip off to the side and pretend I was window-shopping or something.
handey	life	joke	general	0	If I was a father in a waiting room, and the nurse came out and said, "Congratulations, it's a girl," I think a good gag would be to get real mad and yell, "A girl!? You must have me mixed up with THAT dork!" and point to another father.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If I was being executed by injection, I'd clean up my cell real neat. Then, when they came to get me, I'd say, "Injection? I thought you said `inspection'." They'd probably feel real bad, and maybe I could get out of it.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If I was the head of a country that lost a war, and I had to sign a peace treaty, just as I was signing I'd glance over the treaty and then suddenly act surprised. "Wait a minute! I thought WE won!"
handey	life	dark	general	0	If a busload of circus clowns is travelling through Mexico, is there any chance they will survive? ~ Jack Handey
handey	family	quip	general	0	If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is "Probably because of something you did."
handey	life	quip	general	0	If a man finds a message in a bottle, is it funnier if instead of a message it contains a tiny little banana peel? ~ Jack Handey
handey	life	dark	general	0	If a tree falls in the forest, on top of an old man with a walking stick, does he make a sound? ~ Jack Handey
handey	society	quip	general	0	If any man says he hates war more than I do, he better have a knife, that's all I have to say.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If doctors ever tell you that you've "flipped out," don't believe them, and just keep on doing what you were doing, because something tells me "the Man" is behind this.
handey	life	dark	general	0	If life deals you lemons, why not go kill someone with the lemons (maybe by shoving them down his throat)?
handey	society	observation	general	0	If the Vikings were around today, they would probably be amazed at how much glow-in-the-dark stuff we have, and how we take so much of it for granted.
handey	life	observation	general	0	If the captain invited me to his party, after he had whipped me earlier in the day, up on deck, I guess I'd go, but I'd try to find some excuse to leave early.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If there was a big gardening convention, and you got up and gave a speech in favor of fast-motion gardening, I bet you would get booed right off the stage. They're just not ready.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If there's ever an amusement park called Bag World, I bet it would really start to annoy you after a while how they really sort of stretch the definition of "bag."
handey	life	observation	general	0	If they ever come up with a swashbuckling School, I think one of the courses should be Laughing, Then Jumping Off Something.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If they have moving sidewalks in the future, when you get on them, I think you should have to assume sort of a walking shape so as not to frighten the dogs.
handey	nature	dark	general	0	If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you define cowardice as running away at the first sign of danger, screaming and tripping and begging for mercy, then yes, Mister Brave Man, I guess I am a coward.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you define cowardice as running away at the first sign of danger, screaming and tripping and begging for mercy, then yes, Mr. Brave man, I guess I'm a coward.
handey	life	dark	general	0	If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid seeing yourself in the mirror, because I bet that's what REALLY throws you into a panic.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you ever crawl inside an old hollow log and go to sleep, and while you're in there some guys come and seal up both ends and then put it on a truck and take it to another city, boy, I don't know what to tell you.
handey	arts	quip	general	0	If you ever discover that what you're seeing is a play within a play, just slow down, take a deep breath, and hold on for the ride of your life.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let 'em go, because, man, they're gone.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you ever fall off the Sears Tower, just go real limp, because maybe you'll look like a dummy and people will try to catch you because, hey, free dummy.
handey	life	dark	general	0	If you ever feel like you're on the verge of a nervous breakdown, just follow these simple rules: First, calm down; second, come over and wash my car; third, shine all my shoes. There, isn't that better?
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you ever go temporarily insane, don't shoot somebody, like a lot of people do. Instead, try to get some weeding done, because you'd really be surprised.
handey	family	dark	general	0	If you ever have to steal money from your kid, and later on he discovers it's gone, I think a good thing to do is to blame it on Santa Claus.
handey	faith	joke	general	0	If you ever reach total enlightenment while you're drinking a beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose.
handey	life	wisdom	general	0	If you ever teach a yodeling class, probably the hardest thing is to keep the students from just trying to yodel right off. You see, we BUILD to that.
handey	life	observation	general	0	If you get invited to your first orgy, don't just show up nude. That's a common mistake. You have to let nudity "happen."
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you go flying back through time, and you see somebody else flying forward into the future, it's probably best to avoid eye contact.
handey	life	dark	general	0	If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and you friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were swimming.
handey	life	dark	general	0	If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were swimming.
handey	work-money	quip	general	0	If you go through a lot of hammers each month, I don't think it necessarily means you're a hard worker. It may just mean that you have a lot to learn about proper hammer maintenance.
handey	work-money	quip	general	0	If you go to a costume party at your boss's house, wouldn't you think a good costume would be to dress up like the boss's wife? Trust me, it's not.
handey	life	observation	general	0	If you had a school for professional fireworks people, I don't think you could cover fuses in just one class. It's just too rich a subject.
handey	life	observation	general	0	If you had to list the different types of haircuts in order of how warm they kept the head, you'd probably put the flat-top down near the bottom. But you know, I bet it's surprisingly warm.
handey	life	observation	general	0	If you lived in the Dark Ages, and you were a catapult operator, I bet the most common question people would ask is, "Can't you make it shoot farther?" No. I'm sorry. That's as far as it shoots.
handey	life	dark	general	0	If you make ships in a bottle, I bet the thing that really makes your heart sink is when you look in, and there at the wheel is Captain Termite.
handey	life	observation	general	0	If you saw two guys named Hambone and Flippy, which one would you think liked dolphins the most? I'd say Flippy, wouldn't you? You'd be wrong though. It's Hambone.
handey	nature	quip	general	0	If you see an animal and you can't tell if it's a skunk or a cat, here's a good saying to help: "Black-and-white, stinks all right. Tabby-colored, likes a fella."
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you think a weakness can be turned into a strength, I hate to tell you this, but that's another weakness.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you want to be the most popular person in your class, whenever the professor pauses in his lecture, just let out a big snort and say "How do you figger that!" real loud. Then lean back and sort of smirk.
handey	life	dark	general	0	If you want to sue somebody, just get a little plastic skeleton and lay it in their yard. Then tell them their ants ate your baby.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you wear a toupee, why not let your friends try it on for a while? Come on, we're not going to hurt it.
handey	life	observation	general	0	If you were a gladiator in olden days, I bet the inefficiency of how the gladiator fights were organized and scheduled would just drive you up a wall.
handey	life	observation	general	0	If you were a pirate, you know what would be the one thing that would really make you mad? Treasure chests with no handles. How the hell are you supposed to carry it?!
handey	society	dark	general	0	If you were a poor Indian with no weapons, and a bunch of conquistadores came up to you and asked where the gold was, I don't think it would be a good idea to say, "I swallowed it. So sue me."
handey	society	quip	general	0	If you were a poor Indian with no weapons, and a bunch of conquistadors came up to you and asked where the gold was, I don't think it would be a good idea to say, "I swallowed it. So sue me."
handey	life	observation	general	0	If you were an ancient barbarian, I bet a real embarrassing thing would be if you were sacking Rome and your cape got caught on something and you couldn't get it unhooked, and you had to ask another barbarian to unhook it for you.
handey	work-money	quip	general	0	If you work on a lobster boat, sneaking up behind people and pinching them is probably a joke that gets old real fast.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you work on a lobster boat, sneaking up behind someone and pinching him is probably a joke that gets old real fast.
handey	work-money	observation	general	0	If you're a blacksmith, probably the proudest day of your life is when you get your first anvil. How innocent you are, little blacksmith.
handey	life	observation	general	0	If you're a boxing referee, it's probably illegal to wear a bow tie that spins or changes colors.
handey	life	observation	general	0	If you're a circus clown, and you have a dog that you use in your act, I don't think it's a good idea to also dress the dog up like a clown, because people see that and they think, "Forgive me, but that's just too much."
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you're a cowboy, and you're dragging a guy behind your horse, I bet it would really make you mad if you looked back and the guy was reading a magazine.
handey	nature	observation	general	0	If you're a horse, and someone gets on you, and falls off, and then gets right back on you, I think you should buck him off right away.
handey	love	dark	general	0	If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's real embarrassing if someone tries to kill you.
handey	life	dark	general	0	If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's really embarrassing if someone tries to kill you.
handey	life	observation	general	0	If you're an ant, and you're walking along across the top of a cup of pudding, you probably have no idea that the only thing between you and disaster is the strength of that pudding skin.
handey	life	observation	general	0	If you're an archaeologist, I bet it's real embarrassing to put together a skull from a bunch of ancient bone fragments, but then it turns out it's not a skull but just an old dried-out potato.
handey	life	dark	general	0	If you're ever selling your house, and some people come by, and a big rat comes out and he's dragging the rattrap because it didn't quite kill him, just tell the people he's your pet and that's a trick you taught him.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you're ever shipwrecked on a tropical island and you don't know how to speak the natives' language, just say "Poppy-oomy." I bet it means something.
handey	nature	observation	general	0	If you're ever stuck in some thick undergrowth in your underwear, don't stop and start thinking of what other words have "under" in them, because that's probably the first sign of jungle madness.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you're in a boxing match, try not to let the other guy's glove touch your lips, because you don't know where that glove has been.
handey	life	dark	general	0	If you're in a war, instead of throwing a hand grenade at some guys, throw one of those little baby-type pumpkins. Maybe it'll make everyone think of how crazy war is, and while they're thinking, you can throw a real grenade.
handey	life	observation	general	0	If you're pretty happy, but you have a little Chihuahua that's always biting you on the ankles, still that's pretty good isn't it? I'm going to go ahead and keep you in the "happy" category.
handey	life	dark	general	0	If you're robbing a bank, and your pants suddenly fall down, I think it's okay to laugh, and to let the hostages laugh too, because come on, life is funny.
handey	life	quip	general	0	If you're traveling in a time machine, and you're eating corn on the cob, I don't think it's going to affect things one way or the other. But here's the point I'm trying to make: Corn on the cob is good, isn't it.
handey	life	observation	general	0	If you're trying to remember a happy memory, don't think back to a time when you were ALSO thinking of a happy memory, because man, how long does this go on?!
handey	life	dark	general	0	If your friend is already dead, and being eaten by vultures, I think it's okay to feed some bits of your friend to one of the vultures, to teach him to do some tricks. But ONLY if you're serious about adopting the vulture.
handey	life	dark	general	0	If your friend is struck by lightning and he seems to be all right, but his hair is smoking, is it O.K. to laugh? ~ Jack Handey
handey	arts	wisdom	general	0	If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you.
handey	life	quip	general	0	In some places it's known as a tornado. In others, a cyclone. And in still others, the Idiot's Merry-go-round. But around here they'll always be known as screw-boys.
handey	life	dark	general	0	In weightlifting, I don't think sudden, uncontrolled urination should automatically disqualify you.
handey	life	dark	general	0	Instead of a Seeing Eye dog, what about a gun? It's cheaper than a dog, plus if you walk around shooting all the time people are going to get out of the way. Cars, too!
handey	life	observation	general	0	Instead of a trap door, what about a trap window? The guy looks out it, and if he leans too far, he falls out. Wait. I guess that's like a regular window.
handey	life	dark	general	0	Instead of burning a guy at the stake, what about burning him at the STILTS? It probably lasts longer, plus it moves around.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Instead of having "answers" on a math test, they should just call them "impressions," and if you got a different "impression," so what, can't we all be brothers?
handey	nature	dark	general	0	Instead of putting a quarter under a kid's pillow, how about a pinecone? That way, he learns that "wishing" isn't going to save our national forests.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Instead of studying for finals, what about just going to the Bahamas and catching some rays? Maybe you'll flunk, but you might have flunked anyway; that's my point.
handey	society	dark	general	0	Instead of trying to build newer and bigger weapons of destruction, mankind should be thinking about getting more use out of the weapons we already have.
handey	life	observation	general	0	Is pointing and laughing something we do naturally, or do we have to learn it? Likewise, can someone without a sense of humor be taught to have one, or must it be beaten into him? ~ Jack Handey
handey	life	quip	general	0	Is there a story that would best illustrate what humor is, and, if so, what would that story be? ~ Jack Handey
handey	nature	quip	general	0	Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And he's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also he's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet. And also, you're drunk.
handey	science	quip	general	0	Is there humor on other planets, and is it so advanced that it makes our fart jokes look crude and primitive? ~ Jack Handey
handey	life	dark	general	0	Isn't it funny how one minute life can be such a struggle, and the next minute you're just driving real fast, swerving back and forth across the road?
handey	life	quip	general	0	Isn't it funny how we'll look out the window at the moon, and then we notice it's not the moon but a streetlight? Also what's funny is how we do this every night.
handey	life	quip	general	0	It makes me mad when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at Marineland says, "You can't throw that chicken to the dolphins. They eat fish." Sure they eat fish, if that's all you give them! Man, wise up.
handey	nature	quip	general	0	It makes me mad when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at the Marineland says, "You can't throw chicken to the dolphins. They eat fish." Sure they eat fish, if that's all you give them. Man, wise up.
handey	life	quip	general	0	It makes me mad when people say I turned and ran like a scared rabbit. Maybe it was like an angry rabbit, who was going to fight in another fight, away from the first fight.
handey	life	quip	general	0	It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man.
handey	life	quip	general	0	It's easy to sit and scoff at an old man's folly. But also, check out his Adam's apple!
handey	work-money	quip	general	0	It's easy to sit there and say you'd like to have more money. And I guess that's what I like about it. It's easy. Just sitting there, rocking back and forth, wanting that money.
handey	life	quip	general	0	It's fascinating to think that all around us there's an invisible world we can't even see. I'm speaking, of course, of the World of the Invisible Scary Skeletons.
handey	life	dark	general	0	It's funny that pirates were always going around searching for treasure, and they never realized that the real treasure was the fond memories they were creating.
handey	life	observation	general	0	It's interesting to think that my ancestors used to live in the trees, like apes, until finally they got the nerve to head out onto the plains, where some were probably hit by cars.
handey	life	dark	general	0	It's not good to let any kid near a container that has a skull and crossbones on it, because there might be a skeleton costume inside and the kid could put it on and really scare you.
handey	life	observation	general	0	It's probably not a good idea to be chewing on a toothpick if you're talking to the president, because what if he tells a funny joke and you laugh so hard you spit the toothpick out and it hits him in the face or something.
handey	life	dark	general	0	It's too bad that whole families have to be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs.
handey	faith	quip	general	0	It's true that every time you hear a bell, an angel gets his wings. But what they don't tell you is, every time you hear a mousetrap snap, an angel gets set on fire.
handey	nature	observation	general	0	Just as bees will swarm about to protect their nest, so will I "swarm about" to protect my nest of chocolate eggs.
handey	life	dark	general	0	Just as irrigation is the lifeblood of the Southwest, lifeblood is the soup of cannibals.
handey	nature	observation	general	0	Just because swans mate for life, I don't think it's that big of a deal. First of all, if you're a swan, you're probably not going to find a swan that looks that much better than the one you've got, so why not mate for life?
handey	life	quip	general	0	Laugh, clown, laugh. This is what I tell myself whenever I dress up like Bozo.
handey	food	quip	general	0	Laurie got offended that I used the word "puke." But to me, that's what her dinner tasted like.
handey	life	observation	general	0	Let's be honest: Isn't a lot of what we call tap dancing really just nerves?
handey	arts	quip	general	0	Like jewels in a crown, the precious stones glittered in the queen's round metal hat.
handey	love	dark	general	0	Love can sweep you off your feet and carry you along in a way you've never known before. But the ride always ends, and you end up feeling lonely and bitter. Wait. It's not love I'm describing. I'm thinking of a monorail.
handey	love	quip	general	0	Love is not something that you can put chains on and throw into a lake. That's called Houdini. Love is liking someone a lot.
handey	nature	observation	general	0	Many people never stop to realize that a tree is a living thing, not that different from a tall, leafy dog that has roots and is very quiet.
handey	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Marta said I don't seem to like to read fiction very much. "I guess you're not an `afictionado'," she said. Poor Marta. For all her reading, she doesn't even know the right word.
handey	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Marta says the interesting thing about fly-fishing is that it's two lives connected by a thin strand. Come on, Marta. Grow up.
handey	society	tv-quote	general	0	Marta was watching the football game with me when she said, "You know, most of these sports are based on the idea of one group protecting its territory from invasion by another group." "Yeah," I said, trying not to laugh. Girls are funny.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Maybe in order to understand mankind, we have to look at the word itself. Mankind. Basically, it's made up of two separate words---"mank" and "ind". What do these words mean? It's a mystery, and that's why so is mankind.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Most of the time it was probably real bad being stuck down in a dungeon. But some days, when there was a bad storm outside, you'd look out your little window and think, ``Boy, I'm glad I'm not out in THAT.''
handey	life	dark	general	0	Most people don't realize that large pieces of coral, which have been painted brown and attached to the skull by common wood screws, can make a child look like a deer.
handey	life	quip	general	0	My new millionaire idea is one regular shoe and one "swollen" shoe, for when you get bit by a rattlesnake.
handey	nature	observation	general	0	Of all the warning sounds that animals make, I think the one that's the least effective on me is a kind of clicking noise.
handey	life	quip	general	0	One question that's never been answered to my satisfaction by the "Playboy Advisor" is "What kind of stereo system works best in hell?"
handey	tech	observation	general	0	One thing a computer can do that most humans can't is be sealed up in a cardboard box and sit in a warehouse.
handey	family	quip	general	0	One thing about my Aunt Nadie: She was gruff on the outside, but if you ever needed something, like a spanking or a scolding, she'd give it to you.
handey	life	quip	general	0	One thing that makes me believe in UFOs is, sometimes I lose stuff.
handey	life	dark	general	0	One thing vampire children have to be taught early on is, don't run with a wooden stake.
handey	nature	quip	general	0	People just naturally assume that dogs would be incapable of working together on some sort of construction project. But what about just a big field full of holes?
handey	nature	observation	general	0	People laugh when I say that I think a jellyfish is one of the most beautiful things in the world. What they don't understand is, I mean a jellyfish with long, blond hair.
handey	nature	observation	general	0	People think it would be fun to be a bird because you could fly. But they forget the negative side, which is the preening.
handey	life	observation	general	0	Probably the earliest flyswatters were nothing more than some sort of striking surface attached to the end of a long stick.
handey	nature	quip	general	0	Probably to a shark, about the funniest thing there is is a wounded seal, trying to swim to shore, because WHERE DOES HE THINK HE'S GOING?!
handey	life	quip	general	0	Shouldn't a person who tells a joke in a bar and gets no laughs be entitled to a free beer? ~ Jack Handey
handey	faith	quip	general	0	Some folks say it was a miracle. Saint Francis suddenly appeared and knocked the next pitch clean over the fence. But I think it was just a lucky swing.
handey	faith	joke	general	0	Some folks say it was a miracle. St. Francis suddenly appeared and knocked the next pitch clean over the fence. Other folks say it was just a lucky swing.
handey	nature	quip	general	0	Somebody told me it was frightening how much topsoil we are losing each year, but I told that story around the campfire and nobody got scared.
handey	life	observation	general	0	Something tells me that the first mousetrap wasn't designed to catch mice at all, but to protect little cheese "gems" from burglars.
handey	life	dark	general	0	Sometimes I think I'd be better off dead. No, wait. Not me, you.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Sometimes I think the so-called experts actually ARE experts.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Sometimes I think the world has gone completely mad. And then I think, "Aw, who cares?" And then I think, "Hey, what's for supper?"
handey	life	quip	general	0	Sometimes I think you have to march right in and demand your rights, even if you don't know what your rights are, or who the person is you're talking to. Then, on the way out, slam the door.
handey	society	quip	general	0	Sometimes I wonder if I'm patriotic enough. Yes, I want to kill people, but on both sides.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Sometimes life seems like a dream, especially when I look down and see that I forgot to put on my pants.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Sometimes the beauty of the world is so overwhelming, I just want to throw back my head and gargle. Just gargle and gargle, and I don't care who hears me, because I am beautiful.
handey	arts	pun	general	0	The crows seemed to be calling his name, thought Caw.
handey	life	quip	general	0	The difference between a man and a boy is, a boy wants to grow up to be a fireman, but a man wants to grow up to be a giant monster fireman.
handey	family	quip	general	0	The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of the face.
handey	life	wisdom	general	0	The first thing was, I learned to forgive myself. Then, I told myself, "Go ahead and do whatever you want, it's okay by me."
handey	life	pun	general	0	The land that had nourished him and had borne him fruit now turned against him and called him a fruit. Man, I hate land like that.
handey	life	pun	general	0	The old pool shooter had won many a game in his life. But now it was time to hang up the cue. When he did, all the other cues came crashing to the floor. "Sorry," he said with a smile.
handey	life	joke	general	0	The other day I got out my can opener and was opening a can of worms when I thought, "What am I doing?!"
handey	nature	dark	general	0	The sound of fresh rain run-off splashing from the roof reminded me of the sound of urine splashing into a filthy Texaco latrine.
handey	life	quip	general	0	The tiger can't change his spots. No, wait, he did! Good for him!
handey	life	joke	general	0	The tired and thirsty prospector threw himself down at the edge of the watering hole and started to drink. But then he looked around and saw skulls and bones everywhere. "Uh-oh," he thought. "This watering hole is reserved for skeletons."
handey	life	quip	general	0	The wise man can pick up a grain of sand and envision a whole universe. But the stupid man will just lie down on some seaweed and roll around until he's completely draped in it. Then he'll stand up and go, "Hey, I'm Vine Man."
handey	life	quip	general	0	There should be a detective show called "Johnny Monkey," because every week you could have a guy say "I ain't gonna get caught by no MONKEY," but then he would, and I don't think I'd ever get tired of that.
handey	life	quip	general	0	To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there's no music, no choreography, and the dancers hit each other.
handey	life	dark	general	0	To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kind of scary. I've wondered where this started and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus, and a clown killed my dad.
handey	life	dark	general	0	To me, clowns aren't funny. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad.
handey	life	quip	general	0	To me, it's always a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, "Hey, can you give me a hand?," you can say, "Sorry, got these sacks."
handey	life	wisdom	general	0	To me, there's no better symbol for the world than a grasshopper lying dead on a gravel road, and maybe there's a globe lying next to him.
handey	life	wisdom	general	0	To me, truth is not some vague, foggy notion. Truth is real. And, at the same time, unreal. Fiction and fact and everything in between, plus some things I can't remember, all rolled into one big "thing." This is truth, to me.
handey	life	dark	general	0	To us, it might look like just a rag. But to the brave, embattled men of the fort, it was more than that. It was a flag of surrender. And after that, it was torn up and used for shoe-shine rags, so the men would look nice for the surrender.
handey	life	observation	general	0	Too bad Lassie didn't know how to ice skate, because then if she was in Holland on vacation in winter and someone said "Lassie, go skate for help," she could do it.
handey	life	observation	general	0	Too bad there's not such a thing as a GOLDEN skunk, because you'd probably be PROUD to be sprayed by one.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Too bad you can't buy a voodoo globe so that you could make the earth spin real fast and freak everybody out.
handey	nature	observation	general	0	Too bad you can't just grab a tree by the very tip-top and bend it clear over the ground and then let her fly, because I bet you'd be amazed at all the stuff that comes flying out.
handey	nature	observation	general	0	We like to praise birds for flying. But how much of it is actually flying, and how much of it is just sort of coasting from the previous flap?
handey	society	quip	general	0	We tend to scoff at the beliefs of the ancients. But we can't scoff at them personally, to their faces, and this is what annoys me.
handey	life	quip	general	0	What am I afraid of? I'll tell you: a feather. that's right, a feather. How could anyone be afraid of a feather, you say. That's an honest question, and I'll try to give it an honest answer. First of all, did I say it was a poison feather?
handey	family	quip	general	0	What is funnier: a dad trying to get his kid's kite up in the air but getting it caught in a tree, or the dad trying to get the kite down with a rake and accidentally tearing it to pieces? ~ Jack Handey
handey	life	quip	general	0	What is it that makes a complete stranger dive into an icy river to save a solid gold baby? Maybe we'll never know.
handey	life	quip	general	0	When I found the skull in the woods, the first thing I did was call the police. But then I got curious about it. I picked it up, and started wondering who this person was, and why he had deer horns.
handey	life	observation	general	0	When I heard that trees grow a new "ring" for each year they live, I thought, we humans are kind of like that: we grow a new layer of skin each year, and after many years we are thick and unwieldy from all of our skin layers.
handey	life	quip	general	0	When I think back on all the blessings I have been given in my life, I can't think of a single one, unless you count that rattlesnake that granted me all those wishes.
handey	life	observation	general	0	When I was a child, there were times when we had to entertain ourselves. And usually the best way to do that was to turn on the TV.
handey	life	dark	general	0	When I was a kid my favorite relative was Uncle Caveman. After school we'd all go play in his cave, and every once in a while he would eat one of us. It wasn't until later that I found out that Uncle Caveman was a bear.
handey	life	quip	general	0	When Rick told me he was having trouble with his wife, I had to laugh. Not because of what he said, but because of a joke I thought of. I told him the joke, but he didn't laugh very much. Some friend HE is.
handey	society	observation	general	0	When the age of the Vikings came to a close, they must have sensed it. Probably, they gathered together one evening, slapped each other on the back and said, "Hey, good job."
handey	arts	quip	general	0	When this girl at the art museum asked me whom I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, "I like mayonnaise." She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me.
handey	arts	joke	general	0	When this girl at the museum asked me who I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, "I like mayonnaise." She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she went to try to find some mayonnaise for me.
handey	faith	dark	general	0	When you die, if you get a choice between going to regular heaven or pie heaven, choose pie heaven. It might be a trick, but if it's not, ummmm, boy.
handey	life	dark	general	0	When you die, if you go somewhere where they ask you a bunch of questions about your life and what you learned and all, I think a good way to get out of it is just to say, "No speaka English."
handey	life	observation	general	0	When you first start wearing a turban, probably the most common mistake is wrapping it too tight. You have to allow the head to breathe.
handey	work-money	quip	general	0	When you go for a job interview, I think a good thing to ask is if they ever press charges.
handey	life	quip	general	0	When you go ice-skating, try not to swing your arms too much, because that really annoys me.
handey	work-money	joke	general	0	When you go in for a job interview, I think a good thing to ask is if they ever press charges.
handey	life	quip	general	0	When you go to a party at somebody's house, don't automatically assume that the drinks are free. Ask, and ask often.
handey	life	dark	general	0	When you see someone sinking in quicksand, is it funnier if you know the person? ~ Jack Handey
handey	life	observation	general	0	When you're going up the stairs and you take a step, kick the other leg up high behind you to keep people from following too close.
handey	life	dark	general	0	When you're riding in a time machine way far into the future, don't stick your elbow out the window, or it'll turn into a fossil.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Whenever I hear the sparrow chirping, watch the woodpecker chirp, catch a chirping trout, or listen to the sad howl of the chirp rat, I think: Oh boy! I'm going insane again.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Whenever I need to ``get away,'' I just get away in my mind. I go to my imaginary spot, where the beach is perfect and the water is perfect and the weather is perfect. The only bad thing there are the flies. They're terrible!
handey	life	observation	general	0	Whenever I open a door, I pull on the doorknob real hard, because isn't there a saying that if it comes off in your hand, you can rear back and throw it as hard as you can? I thought I heard that somewhere.
handey	life	dark	general	0	Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.
handey	life	dark	general	0	Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what is I was an ant, and she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.
handey	life	dark	general	0	Whenever anyone says "I can't," it makes me wish he'd get stung to death by about ten thousand bees. When he says "I'll try," five thousand bees. ("I can," one bee.)
handey	love	quip	general	0	Whenever someone asks me to define love, I usually think for a minute, then I spin around and pin the guy's arm behind his back. NOW who's asking the questions?
handey	arts	quip	general	0	Whenever you read a good book, it's like the author is right there, in the room, talking to you, which is why I don't like to read good books.
handey	science	quip	general	0	Whether they ever find life there or not, I think Jupiter should be considered an enemy planet.
handey	life	observation	general	0	Whether they live in an igloo or a grass shack or a mud hut, people around the world all want the same thing: a better house!
handey	life	observation	general	0	Why do people in ship mutinies always ask for "better treatment"? I'd ask for a pinball machine, because with all that rocking back and forth you'd probably be able to get a lot of free games.
handey	nature	joke	general	0	Why do the caterpillar and the ant have to be enemies? One eats leaves, and the other eats caterpillars. Oh, I see now.
handey	life	quip	general	0	Why do there have to be rules for everything? It's gotten to the point that rules dominate just about every aspect of our lives. In fact, it might be said that rules have become the foot-long sticks of mankind.
handey	family	quip	general	0	Why does Marta still laugh when I put on my T-shirt backward, even though I've done it hundreds of times? ~ Jack Handey
handey	life	quip	general	0	Why is a funny cowboy dance hysterical but a funny sailor dance confusing? ~ Jack Handey
handey	life	dark	general	0	Why is a man slipping on a banana peel funny, but not as funny as a man choking on a banana peel? ~ Jack Handey
handey	life	quip	general	0	Why is it boring when your friend Don tells you about his wife leaving him but you laugh when you find out that she left him for another man named Don? ~ Jack Handey
handey	life	observation	general	0	Why is it that we will laugh at a man in a clown outfit, but we won't laugh at a man just walking down the street carrying a clown outfit in one of those plastic dry-cleaner bags?
handey	faith	quip	general	0	Worship the potato? The idea seemed silly to me. But then I thought, what else is more deserving of worship? It's simple, it comes from the earth, and it can kill you if you disobey it.
handey	life	quip	general	0	You can kidnap me and force me to be your watchdog if you want to. But I'm telling you, I will bark at any sound I hear and it will drive you crazy.
handey	nature	observation	general	0	You can't tell me that cowboys, when they're branding cattle, don't sort of "accidentally" brand each other every once in a while. It's their way of letting off stress.
handey	life	quip	general	0	You know how to paint a room real fast? Just put paint rollers on your feet and somehow figure out how to skate up the walls and across the ceiling.
handey	life	quip	general	0	You know one thing that will really make a woman mad? Just run up and kick her in the butt. (P.S. This also works with men.)
handey	life	quip	general	0	You know something that would really make me applaud? A guy gets stuck in quicksand, then sinks, then suddenly comes shooting out, riding on water skis! How do they do that?!
handey	life	observation	general	0	You know what makes good hair for a snow man? REAL hair. Don't ask me why, but it works.
handey	life	observation	general	0	You know what would be the most terrifying thing that could ever happen to a flea? Getting caught inside a watch somehow. You don't even care, do you.
handey	arts	dark	general	0	You know what would make a good story? Something about a clown who make people happy, but inside he's real sad. Also, he has severe diarrhea.
handey	life	dark	general	0	You know what would make a good story? Something about a clown who makes people happy, but inside he's real sad. Also, he has severe diarrhea.
handey	life	dark	general	0	You know what's probably a good thing to hang on your porch in the summertime, to keep mosquitoes away from you and your guests? Just a big bag of blood.
