jung	arts	quip	general	0	A 'scream' is always just that - a noise and not music.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	A human being would certainly not grow to be seventy or eighty years old if this longevity had no meaning for the species. The afternoon of human life must also have a significance of its own and cannot be merely a pitiful appendage to life's morning.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	A man who has not passed through the inferno of his passions has never overcome them.
jung	love	dark	general	0	A particularly beautiful woman is a source of terror. As a rule, a beautiful woman is a terrible disappointment.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	A psychoneurosis must be understood, ultimately, as the suffering of a soul which has not discovered its meaning.
jung	arts	wisdom	general	0	All the works of man have their origin in creative fantasy. What right have we then to depreciate imagination.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	As far as we can discern, the sole purpose of human existence is to kindle a light in the darkness of mere being.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Dreams are the guiding words of the soul. Why should I henceforth not love my dreams and not make their riddling images into objects of my daily consideration?
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Even a happy life cannot be without a measure of darkness, and the word happy would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. It is far better take things as they come along with patience and equanimity.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Every form of addiction is bad, no matter whether the narcotic be alcohol or morphine or idealism.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Everyone knows nowadays that people 'have complexes'. What is not so well known, though far more important theoretically, is that complexes can have us.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Follow that will and that way which experience confirms to be your own.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	For a young person, it is almost a sin, or at least a danger, to be too preoccupied with himself; but for the ageing person, it is a duty and a necessity to devote serious attention to himself.
jung	arts	wisdom	general	0	Great talents are the most lovely and often the most dangerous fruits on the tree of humanity. They hang upon the most slender twigs that are easily snapped off.
jung	science	wisdom	general	0	Grounded in the natural philosophy of the Middle Ages, alchemy formed a bridge: on the one hand into the past, to Gnosticism, and on the other into the future, to the modern psychology of the unconscious.
jung	faith	wisdom	general	0	I have treated many hundreds of patients. Among those in the second half of life - that is to say, over 35 - there has not been one whose problem in the last resort was not that of finding a religious outlook on life.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	If one does not understand a person, one tends to regard him as a fool.
jung	family	wisdom	general	0	If there is anything that we wish to change in the child, we should first examine it and see whether it is not something that could better be changed in ourselves.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	In all chaos there is a cosmos, in all disorder a secret order.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	In my case Pilgrim's Progress consisted in my having to climb down a thousand ladders until I could reach out my hand to the little clod of earth that I am.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	It all depends on how we look at things, and not how they are in themselves.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	It is a fact that cannot be denied: the wickedness of others becomes our own wickedness because it kindles something evil in our own hearts.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Knowing your own darkness is the best method for dealing with the darknesses of other people.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Man needs difficulties; they are necessary for health.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Man's task is to become conscious of the contents that press upward from the unconscious.
jung	society	observation	general	0	Masses are always breeding grounds of psychic epidemics.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Mistakes are, after all, the foundations of truth, and if a man does not know what a thing is, it is at least an increase in knowledge if he knows what it is not.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Neurosis is always a substitute for legitimate suffering.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Nobody, as long as he moves about among the chaotic currents of life, is without trouble.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	One looks back with appreciation to the brilliant teachers, but with gratitude to those who touched our human feelings. The curriculum is so much necessary raw material, but warmth is the vital element for the growing plant and for the soul of the child.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Our heart glows, and secret unrest gnaws at the root of our being. Dealing with the unconscious has become a question of life for us.
jung	society	wisdom	general	0	Resistance to the organized mass can be effected only by the man who is as well organized in his individuality as the mass itself.
jung	life	quip	general	0	Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Shrinking away from death is something unhealthy and abnormal which robs the second half of life of its purpose.
jung	life	observation	general	0	Sometimes, indeed, there is such a discrepancy between the genius and his human qualities that one has to ask oneself whether a little less talent might not have been better.
jung	faith	wisdom	general	0	The Christ-symbol is of the greatest importance for psychology in so far as it is perhaps the most highly developed and differentiated symbol of the self, apart from the figure of the Buddha.
jung	faith	observation	general	0	The Christian missionary may preach the gospel to the poor naked heathen, but the spiritual heathen who populate Europe have as yet heard nothing of Christianity.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	The collective unconscious consists of the sum of the instincts and their correlates, the archetypes. Just as everybody possesses instincts, so he also possesses a stock of archetypal images.
jung	arts	wisdom	general	0	The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct acting from inner necessity. The creative mind plays with the objects it loves.
jung	arts	wisdom	general	0	The debt we owe to the play of imagination is incalculable.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest and most important problems of life are all fundamentally insoluble. They can never be solved but only outgrown.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	The healthy man does not torture others - generally it is the tortured who turn into torturers.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	The man who promises everything is sure to fulfil nothing, and everyone who promises too much is in danger of using evil means in order to carry out his promises, and is already on the road to perdition.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	The most intense conflicts, if overcome, leave behind a sense of security and calm that is not easily disturbed. It is just these intense conflicts and their conflagration which are needed to produce valuable and lasting results.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	The pendulum of the mind alternates between sense and nonsense, not between right and wrong.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	The shoe that fits one person pinches another; there is no recipe for living that suits all cases.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	The wine of youth does not always clear with advancing years; sometimes it grows turbid.
jung	faith	quip	general	0	The word 'belief' is a difficult thing for me. I don't believe. I must have a reason for a certain hypothesis. Either I know a thing, and then I know it - I don't need to believe it.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	The word 'happiness' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	There is no birth of consciousness without pain.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	There is no coming to consciousness without pain.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	There is no such thing as a pure introvert or extrovert. Such a person would be in the lunatic asylum.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Understanding does not cure evil, but it is a definite help, inasmuch as one can cope with a comprehensible darkness.
jung	life	observation	general	0	We are born at a given moment, in a given place and, like vintage years of wine, we have the qualities of the year and of the season of which we are born. Astrology does not lay claim to anything more.
jung	science	wisdom	general	0	We are in a far better position to observe instincts in animals or in primitives than in ourselves. This is due to the fact that we have grown accustomed to scrutinizing our own actions and to seeking rational explanations for them.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	We cannot change anything until we accept it. Condemnation does not liberate, it oppresses.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	We deem those happy who from the experience of life have learnt to bear its ills without being overcome by them.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	We should not pretend to understand the world only by the intellect. The judgement of the intellect is only part of the truth.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	When an inner situation is not made conscious, it appears outside as fate.
jung	love	wisdom	general	0	Where love rules, there is no will to power; and where power predominates, there love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other.
jung	society	wisdom	general	0	Who has fully realized that history is not contained in thick books but lives in our very blood?
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
jung	arts	wisdom	general	0	Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
jung	life	wisdom	general	0	Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes.
