authors	creative	general	0	'A man who doesn't detest a bad government is a fool. And if there were such a thing as a good government on earth, it would be a great joy to serve it.' Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	'American Gods' was designed to be, if not open-ended, at least a trilogy kind of shape, so there's definitely one more book, probably another couple of books there to get written.
authors	creative	general	0	'Banished men should never speak their native tongue; it comes bitter from their mouth. And this language suits a traitor better, I think; drips off one's teeth like sugar-syrup.' Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	'Discworld' is taking something that you know is ridiculous and treating it as if it is serious, to see if something interesting happens when you do so.
authors	creative	general	0	'Doctor Who' was the first mythology that I learned, before ever I ran into Greek or Roman or Egyptian mythologies.
authors	creative	general	0	'Educational' refers to the process, not the object. Although, come to think of it, some of my teachers could easily have been replaced by a cheeseburger.
authors	creative	general	0	'Nation' was one that I'd have killed myself if I hadn't written it. It was absolutely important to me that I wrote it. It was good for my soul.
authors	creative	general	0	'Romance' is based on my entire creative process. I fall in love with an idea, obsess over it, isolate myself with it, and when I eventually introduce it to my friends, they all tell me that it's stupid.
authors	creative	general	0	'The Lorax' book was intended to be propaganda.
authors	creative	general	0	'The fact is,' I said, 'that you're unable, or unwilling, to believe in the fact that I believe in you.' Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	'They eat their kind,' he said, 'Like men.' Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	(some Frenchman said that the cat is the soul of the house, and we agree). Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	, , ! . , . , - . . , . . ! Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	, , , , , , , . , . , , . . , , , , , . . , . , , . . , . , . Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	, , , , , , , Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	, , , , . , , - - , , . , . Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	, : ? , . . , . , , : , , , . Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	- Vreau s stau cu tine, zise ea. - Vreau s stau cu tine, o ngn el. Ursula K. Le Guin, Planet of Exile
authors	creative	general	0	-No, no hablo del amor, cuando me refiero al patriotismo. Hablo del miedo. El miedo del otro. Y las expresiones de ese miedo son polticas, no poticas: odio, rivalidad, agresin. Crece en nosotros, ese miedo crece en nosotros ao a ao.
authors	creative	general	0	. . . the literature of imaginatiion, even when tragic, is reassuring, not necessarily in the sense of offering nostalgic comfort, but because it offers a world large enough to contain alternatives and therefore offers hope. Ursula Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	... anlatlacak hikaye ne kadar oksa hakikat de o kadar oktu. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
authors	creative	general	0	... it was joy they were both after - the completeness of being. If you evade suffering you also evade the chance of joy. Pleasure you may get, or pleasures, but you will not be fulfilled. You will not know what it is to come home. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	... privilege was obligation; command was service; power, the gift itself, entailed a heavy loss of freedom. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
authors	creative	general	0	... there are things that outweigh comfort, unless one is an old woman or a cat. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	...I wore his blood for clothing, on my legs and thighs and hands: a dry, stiff, brown garment with no warmth in it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	...I, like Borges, think of heaven as something very like a library Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
authors	creative	general	0	...If at moments the facts seem to alter with an altered voice, why then you can choose the fact you like best; yet none of them are false, and it is all one story. Ursula K. LeGuin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	...There's no right answer to the wrong question. Now what do we do? Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home
authors	creative	general	0	...Vermediimiz eyi alamazsnz, kendinizi vermeniz gerekir. Devrim'i satn alamazsnz. Devrim'i yapamazsnz. Devrim olabilirsiniz ancak. Devrim ya ruhunuzdadr ya da hi bir yerde deildir. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	...close up, a world's all dirt and rocks... The way to see how beautiful the earth is, is to see it as the moon. The way to see how beautiful life is, is from the vantage point of death. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	...talk is an art and a pleasure, not a matter of mere use and need. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
authors	creative	general	0	...the wise man is one who never sets himself apart from other living things... Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	...though I want to see myself as a woman of strong feeling but peaceable instincts, I have to realize how often anger fuels my acts and thoughts, how very often I indulge in anger. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	...unfair as it may be, nothing guarantees health to the old. Bodies wear out...despite the most careful maintenance. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	...was I to join them therefore? To let their acts rule my own? I will not make their choices for them, nor will I let them make mine for me! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	...you play the instrument you have. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Compass Rose
authors	creative	general	0	..all I understand about living is having your work to do, and being able to do it. That's the pleasure, and the glory, and all. And if you can't do the work, or it's taken from you, then what's any good? You have to have something... Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
authors	creative	general	0	..he says, but that's wizard's talk, making things seem great by great words. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	A Modest Proposal: Vegempathy Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	A View of Exmoor, Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	A bad book is as much of a labor to write as a good one, it comes as sincerely from the author's soul.
authors	creative	general	0	A bad book is as much of a labor to write as a good one, it comes as sincerely from the author's soul. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	A belief in hell and the knowledge that every ambition is doomed to frustration at the hands of a skeleton have never prevented the majority of human beings from behaving as though death were no more than an unfounded rumor.
authors	creative	general	0	A belief in hell and the knowledge that every ambition is doomed to frustration at the hands of a skeleton have never prevented the majority of human beings from behaving as though death were no more than an unfounded rumor. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	A book is a fragile creature, it suffers the wear of time, it fears rodents, the elements and clumsy hands. so the librarian protects the books not only against mankind but also against nature and devotes his life to this war with the forces of oblivion.
authors	creative	general	0	A bully doesnt answer you; he may hear but pays no heed; he talks on as if you were of no account, and it gives him the advantage always at the start, though not always Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
authors	creative	general	0	A cat is only itself, representative of the strong forces of life that won't let go.
authors	creative	general	0	A child-like man is not a man whose development has been arrested; on the contrary, he is a man who has given himself a chance of continuing to develop long after most adults have muffled themselves in the cocoon of middle-aged habit and convention.
authors	creative	general	0	A child-like man is not a man whose development has been arrested; on the contrary, he is a man who has given himself a chance of continuing to develop long after most adults have muffled themselves in the cocoon of middle-aged habit and convention. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	A conscious mind must be part of the whole, intentionally, and carefully--as the rock is part of the whole unconsciously. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	A decision worthy of the name is based on observation, factual information, intellectual and ethical judgment. Opinionthat darling of the press, the politician, and the pollmay be based on no information at all. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	A dirty joke is a sort of mental rebellion.
authors	creative	general	0	A dream is a scripture, and many scriptures are nothing but dreams.
authors	creative	general	0	A family with the wrong members in control; that, perhaps, is as near as one can come to describing England in a phrase.
authors	creative	general	0	A fanatic is a man who consciously over compensates a secret doubt.
authors	creative	general	0	A fanatic is a man who consciously over compensates a secret doubt. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	A fantasy is a journey. It is a journey into the subconscious mind, just as psychoanalysis is. Like psychoanalysis, it can be dangerous; and it will change you. Ursula K. Le Guin, From Elfland to Poughkeepsie
authors	creative	general	0	A flow of words is a sure sign of duplicity. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	A forest ecology is a delicate one. If the forest perishes, its fauna may go with it. The Athshean word for world is also the word for forest. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
authors	creative	general	0	A good husband is never the first to go to sleep at night or the last to awake in the morning. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	A grating sound came from the dragon's throat . . . "You offer me safety! You threaten me! With what?" "With your name, Yevaud. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	A grocer is attracted to his business by a magnetic force as great as the repulsion which renders it odious to artists. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	A husband who submits to his wife's yoke is justly held an object of ridicule. A woman's influence ought to be entirely concealed. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	A key is a little thing next to the door that it opens. If you lose the key, the door may never be unlocked. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Found and the Lost: The Collected Novellas of Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	A library is a focal point, a sacred place to a community; and its sacredness is its accessibility, its publicness. Its everybodys place". Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	A library is a place that is a repository of information and gives every citizen equal access to it. That includes health information. And mental health information. It's a community space. It's a place of safety, a haven from the world.
authors	creative	general	0	A living body suffers pain. . . . a living body grows old; it dies. Death is the price we pay for our life and for all life. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	A lot of snow out of one cloud, and it grows thicker. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	A lover always thinks of his mistress first and himself second; with a husband it runs the other way. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	A machine is more blameless, more sinless even than any animal. It has no intentions whatsoever but our own. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	A man does not make his destiny: he accepts it or denies it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	A man gives out, dearie. A woman takes in. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
authors	creative	general	0	A man is a poor creature compared to a woman. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	A man may be a pessimistic determinist before lunch and an optimistic believer in the will's freedom after it.
authors	creative	general	0	A man may be a pessimistic determinist before lunch and an optimistic believer in the will's freedom after it. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	A man who doesnt detest a bad government is a fool. And if there were such a thing as a good government in earth, it would be a great joy to serve it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	A man would know the end he goes to, but he cannot know it if he does not turn, and return to his beginning, and hold that beginning in his being. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	A meaningless question has only meaningless answers. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	A medida que un hombre adquiere ms poder y sabidura, se le estrecha el camino, hasta que al fin no elige, y hace pura y simplemente lo que tiene que hacer... Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	A minute of perfection was worth the effort. A moment was the most you could ever expect from perfection.
authors	creative	general	0	A mother who is really a mother is never free. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	A mother's happiness is like a beacon, lighting up the future but reflected also on the past in the guise of fond memories. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	A mother's life, you see, is one long succession of dramas, now soft and tender, now terrible. Not an hour but has its joys and fears. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	A nica coisa que torna a vida possvel a incerteza permanente e intolervel: no saber o que vem depois. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	A nice, easy place for freedom of speech to be eroded is comics, because comics are a natural target whenever an election comes up.
authors	creative	general	0	A person's a person, no matter how small.
authors	creative	general	0	A poem of the right shape will hold a thousand truths. But it doesnt say any of them. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	A profound love between two people involves, after all, the power and chance of doing profound hurt. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	A psychopathy on Anarres was rational behavior on Urras. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	A rock is a good thing, too, you know. If the Isles of Earthsea were all made of diamond, we'd lead a hard life here. Enjoy the illusions, lad, and let the rocks be rocks. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	A scientist can pretend that his work isn't himself, it's merely the impersonal truth. An artist can't hide behind the truth. He can't hide anywhere. Ursula K. LeGuin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	A secret is powerful when it is empty.
authors	creative	general	0	A short story is something that you can hold in your mind. You can really analyze how the entire thing works, like a machine.
authors	creative	general	0	A sight, an emotion, creates this wave in the mind, long before it makes words to fit it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
authors	creative	general	0	A story that has nothing but action and plot is a pretty poor affair; and some great stories have neither. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: Exercises and Discussions on Story Writing for the Lone Navigator or the Mutinous Crew
authors	creative	general	0	A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
authors	creative	general	0	A tragic situation exists precisely when virtue does not triumph but when it is still felt that man is nobler than the forces which destroy him.
authors	creative	general	0	A transposable aphorism is a malaise of the urge to be witty, or in other words, a maxim that is untroubled by the fact that the opposite of what it says is equally true so long as it appears to be funny.
authors	creative	general	0	A voice in the darkness said, You have come too far. Arren answered it, saying, Only too far is far enough. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	A warm body sighed in the darkness inside the little bright object balanced elegantly in the orbit of the moon. Ursula K. Le Guin, Fisherman of the Inland Sea
authors	creative	general	0	A wizards power of Changing and of Summoning can shake the balance of the world. It is dangerous, that power. It is most perilous. It must follow knowledge, and serve need. To light a candle is to cast a shadow... Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	A woman's a different thing entirely. Who knows where a woman begins and ends? Listen, mistress, I have roots, I have roots deeper than this island. Deeper than the sea, older than the raising of the lands. I go back into the dark. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
authors	creative	general	0	A writer who wants to write good stuff needs to read great stuff. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
authors	creative	general	0	A writer's moral duty is to use language thoughtfully and well. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	A young bride is like a plucked flower; but a guilty wife is like a flower that had been walked over. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Ac ekmek bir yanl anlamadr Ursula Le Guin, Mlkszler
authors	creative	general	0	Act enthusiastic and you will be enthusiastic.
authors	creative	general	0	Actually, I dont exactly have expectations. I have hopes, and fears. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Adults are obsolete children.
authors	creative	general	0	Advertising is the rattling of a stick inside a swill bucket.
authors	creative	general	0	After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
authors	creative	general	0	After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	After years of practice, I can walk into a bookstore and understand its layout in a few seconds. I can glance at the spine of a book and make a good guess at its content from a number of signs.
authors	creative	general	0	Age and illness made one a dualist Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Ahora saba, y era cruel saberlo, que su tarea nunca haba consistido en tratar de deshacer lo que haba hecho sino en terminar lo que haba empezado. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Ai taught me a Terran game played on squares with little stones, called go, an excellent difficult game. Ursula K. LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	Akllya soru gerekmez; aptal ise bouna sorar." -38 Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Al final de los tiempos el sol se devorar a s mismo y la sombra devorar la luz, y entonces no quedar nada sino hielo y oscuridad. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	All God does is watch us and kill us when we get boring. We must never, ever be boring.
authors	creative	general	0	All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.
authors	creative	general	0	All gods are homemade, and it is we who pull their strings, and so, give them the power to pull ours.
authors	creative	general	0	All gods are homemade, and it is we who pull their strings, and so, give them the power to pull ours. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	All her life she had looked into dark; but this was a vaster darkness, this night on the ocean. There was no end to it. There was no roof. It went out beyond the stars. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	All history is incomprehensible without Christ. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	All humanity is passion; without passion, religion, history, novels, art would be ineffectual. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	All of us have to learn how to invent our lives, make them up, imagine them. We need to be taught these skills; we need guides to show us how. If we don't, our lives get made up for us by other people. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	All of us that read a lot, were partly book-manufactured. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	All political thinking for years past has been vitiated in the same way. People can foresee the future only when it coincides with their own wishes, and the most grossly obvious facts can be ignored when they are unwelcome.
authors	creative	general	0	All sorts of computer errors are now turning up. You'd be surprised to know the number of doctors who claim they are treating pregnant men.
authors	creative	general	0	All that grieved me - that I was half one thing and half another and nothing wholly - was the sorrow of my childhood, but the strength and use of my life after I grew up. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	All the great things of humanity have been accomplished in the name of absolute principles. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	All the religious wars that have caused blood to be shed for centuries arise from passionate feelings and facile counter-positions, such as Us and Them, good and bad, white and black.
authors	creative	general	0	All the war-propaganda, all the screaming and lies and hatred, comes invariably from people who are not fighting.
authors	creative	general	0	All you have to do to see life whole is to see it as mortal. I'll die, you'll die; how could we love each other otherwise? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Almost anything carried to its logical extreme becomes depressing, if not carcinogenic. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Almost everybody is born a genius and buried an idiot.
authors	creative	general	0	Almost everything carried to its logical extreme becomes either depressing or carcinogenic. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Also, I've already won all the awards.
authors	creative	general	0	American Gods is about 200,000 words long, and I'm sure there are words that are simply in there 'cause I like them. I know I couldn't justify each and every one of them.
authors	creative	general	0	Amour is the one human activity of any importance in which laughter and pleasure preponderate, if ever so slightly, over misery and pain.
authors	creative	general	0	Amour is the one human activity of any importance in which laughter and pleasure preponderate, if ever so slightly, over misery and pain. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	An Odonians goal is positive, not negative. Suffering is dysfunctional, except as a bodily warning against danger. Psychologically and socially its merely destructive. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	An author writes a book, and that's the book at that point. And if the author writes the book again, then somehow something has gone wrong, if you see what I mean.
authors	creative	general	0	An early visitor described a Veksi village as five big houses full of women swearing at each other and fourteen little houses full of men sulking. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes: Stories
authors	creative	general	0	An enemy, in Karhide, is not a stranger, an invader. The stranger who comes unknown is a guest. Your enemy is your neighbor. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	An intellectual is a person who's found one thing that's more interesting than sex.
authors	creative	general	0	An intellectual is a person who's found one thing that's more interesting than sex. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	An intellectual says a simple thing in a hard way. An artist says a hard thing in a simple way.
authors	creative	general	0	An irrelevant and poignant sensation of pleasure rose in him, like a tree that grew up and flowered all in one moment with its roots in his loins and its flowers in his mind. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	An owl is mostly air. Ursula K. Le Guin, Out Here: Poems and Images from Steens Mountain Country
authors	creative	general	0	An unexciting truth may be eclipsed by a thrilling lie.
authors	creative	general	0	An unexciting truth may be eclipsed by a thrilling lie. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	An unfulfilled vocation drains the color from a man's entire existence. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	And I needed a rock. Something to hold onto, to stand on. Something solid. Because everything was going soft, turning into mush, into marsh, into fog. Fog closing in on all sides. I didn't know where I was at all. Ursula K. Le Guin, Very Far Away from Anywhere Else
authors	creative	general	0	And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.
authors	creative	general	0	And day to day, life's a hard job, you get tired, you lose the pattern. You need distance, interval. The way to see how beautiful the earth is, is to see it as the moon. The way to see how beautiful life is, is from the vantage point of death. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	And he would watch the snow falling, thin and ceaseless, on the empty lands below the window, and feel the dull cold grow within him, till it seemed no feeling was left to him except a kind of weariness. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	And hearing it that way as a kid, I thought, Hunh? but didnt say anything, because there is no way, no possible way, a kid can ask about everything grownups say that the kid thinks Hunh? about. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	And in four years the first entirely sleepless babies were born. (Millions of bleary-eyed young parents might dispute that statement; but the usual baby does go to sleep, after all, just about the time its parents have to get up.) Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes: Stories
authors	creative	general	0	And in poetry, beauty is no ornament; it is the meaning. It is the truth. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tao Te Ching: A Book about the Way and the Power of the Way
authors	creative	general	0	And mage and sailor are not so far apart; both work with the powers of sky and sea, and bend great winds to the uses of their hands, bringing near what was remote. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	And nightly under the simple stars As I rode to sleep the owls were bearing the farm away All the moon long I heard, blessed among stables, the nightjars Flashing into the dark. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	And she told me the same thing, she said that when I came back in the winter, she was going to miss missing me.... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	And so, because he won't let himself be hurt, he does wrong to those he loves best. And then he sees that, and after all, it hurts him. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Eye of the Heron
authors	creative	general	0	And the mills of capitalism provide them. Supply meets demand. Fantasy becomes a commodity, an industry. Commodified fantasy takes no risks: it invents nothing, but imitates and trivialises. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	And the truth is that as a man's real power grows and his knowledge widens, ever the way he can follow grows narrower: until at last he chooses nothing, but does only and wholly what he must do....
authors	creative	general	0	And the truth is that as a mans real power grows and his knowledge widens, ever the way he can follow grows narrower: until at last he chooses nothing, but does only and wholly what he must do . . . Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	And there never was an apple, in Adam's opinion, that wasn't worth the trouble you got into for eating it.
authors	creative	general	0	And though I came to forget or regret all I have ever done, yet I would remember that once I saw the dragons aloft on the wind at sunset above the western isles; and I would be content. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Anger is wonderful. It keeps you going. I'm angry about bankers. About the government.
authors	creative	general	0	Anger points powerfully to the denial of rights, but the exercise of rights can't life and thrive on anger. It lives and thrives on the dogged pursuit of justice. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Any 'artist' makes a living by expressing what others can't - because they're unaware of their feelings, they're too afraid to express those feelings, or they lack the skills to communicate and be understood.
authors	creative	general	0	Any human power can be resisted and changed by human beings. Resistance and change often begin in art, and very often in our artthe art of words. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Anyhow theyre always exceptions. But most women, their only relationship to a man is having. Either owning or being owned. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Anything that keeps you happy and writing is part of my writing ritual: I like music, so I tend to have it playing in the background. But if I'm interested, I can write in an airport waiting areas.
authors	creative	general	0	Anytime my work can coax bodily fluids out of someone, I'm happy.
authors	creative	general	0	Apollo blinds those who press too close in worship. Dont look straight at the sun. Go into a dark bar for a bit and have a beer with Dionysios, every now and then. I Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Apollo, the god of light, of reason, of proportion, harmony, number - Apollo blinds those who press too close in worship. Don't look straight at the sun. Go into a dark bar for a bit and have a beer with Dionysis, every now and then. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Applause is a receipt, not a bill.
authors	creative	general	0	Are we so feeble we cant withstand a little exposure? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	Are you bored with life? Then throw yourself into some work you believe in with all your heart, live for it, die for it, and you will find happiness that you had thought could never be yours.
authors	creative	general	0	Arguing that God doesn't exist would be like people in the 10th century arguing that germs and microbes didn't exist because they couldn't see them.
authors	creative	general	0	Art is action. The way I live my life to its highest degree is by writing, the practice of art. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Art isnt explanation. Art is what an artist does, not what an artist explains. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	As I write, highly civilized human beings are flying overhead, trying to kill me.
authors	creative	general	0	As a child in Atuan, Tenar had learned how to learn. There seemed always to be a great deal to be learned, more than she would have believed when she was a prentice-priestess or the pupil of a mage. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
authors	creative	general	0	As a lower-class kid, I was raised to think success would be owning stuff. Having that great job, too. Now I find my parents' dream was wrong. You never really own anything. And you're never really finished as a person.
authors	creative	general	0	As a man's knowledge grows, and his power increases, the road he takes grows ever narrower, until at last he does only and wholly what he must. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	As a man's knowledge widens, ever the way he can follow grows narrower; until at last he chooses nothing, but does only and wholely what he must do. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	As a man's real power grows and his knowledge widens, ever the way he can follow grows narrower: until at last he chooses nothing,but does only and wholly what he must do... Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	As a rule, all heroism is due to a lack of reflection, and thus it is necessary to maintain a mass of imbeciles. If they once understand themselves the ruling men will be lost. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	As a scholar I am interested in the philosophy of language, semiotics, call it what you want, and one of the main features of the human language is the possibility of lying.
authors	creative	general	0	As a teenager I wrote to R.A. Lafferty. And he responded, too, with letters that were like R.A. Lafferty short stories, filled with elliptical answers to straight questions and simple answers to complicated ones.
authors	creative	general	0	As an adolescent I wrote comic books, because I read lots of them, and fantasy novels set in Malaysia and Central Africa.
authors	creative	general	0	As an author, I've never forgotten how to daydream.
authors	creative	general	0	As far as I'm concerned, I'm a writer who's writing books, and therefore, I don't want to die. You'd miss the end of the book wouldn't you? You can't die with an unfinished book.
authors	creative	general	0	As far as I'm concerned, the entire reason for becoming a writer is not having to get up in the morning.
authors	creative	general	0	As for ideology, the Hell with it. All of it. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	As he came to the bank Ogion, waiting, reached out his hand and clasping the boys arm whispered to him his true name: Ged. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	As we did without clergy, let us do without soldiers. The joy built upon successful slaughter is not the right kind of joy; it will not do; it is fearful and it is trivial.
authors	creative	general	0	As we grow older I always think, why didn't I do more when I was young, why didn't I risk more?
authors	creative	general	0	As with the Christian religion, the worst advertisement for Socialism is its adherents.
authors	creative	general	0	At a certain moment, I decided to write a story. I had no more small children to tell them stories.
authors	creative	general	0	At fifteen, beauty and talent do not exist; there can only be promise of the coming woman. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	At fifty everyone has the face he deserves.
authors	creative	general	0	At least he sought this danger of his own will; and the nearer he came to it the more sure he was that, for this time at least, for this hour perhaps before his death, he was free. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	At the age of 31, I realized, 'Oh my God, I may die like everyone else.'
authors	creative	general	0	At the pit's bottom is no anger. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	At this point, realism is perhaps the least adequate means of understanding or portraying the incredible realities of our existence. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction
authors	creative	general	0	Bad taste creates many more millionaires than good taste.
authors	creative	general	0	Bana grlmeye deer bir ey gstermemi sylemitin. Ben de sana, seni gsterdim. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	Be courageous and try to write in a way that scares you a little.
authors	creative	general	0	Be still! the Head Isle-Man said roughly, for he knew, as did most of them, that a wizard may have subtle ways of telling the truth, and may keep the truth to himself, but that if he says a thing the thing is as he says. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Beauty is boring because it is predictable.
authors	creative	general	0	Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder.
authors	creative	general	0	Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Because of lies, we can produce and invent a possible world.
authors	creative	general	0	Because, if one is writing novels today, concentrating on the beauty of the prose is right up there with concentrating on your semi-colons, for wasted effort.
authors	creative	general	0	Bedap, who had been putting on weight at the waist and was serious about exercise, was trotting earnestly around the playing field. The others were sitting on a dusty bank under trees, getting their exercise verbally. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	Behind every great fortune lies a great crime. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Belief in the lie is the life of the lie. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	Belief is the wound that knowledge heals. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	Berlusconi is a genius in communication. Otherwise, he would never have become so rich.
authors	creative	general	0	Better reality than a dream: if something is real, then it's real and you're not to blame.
authors	creative	general	0	Between a man and a woman there is what they want there to be between them... each, and both. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Between the ages of fifteen and twenty-four, I must have read a whole library.
authors	creative	general	0	Between the daylight gambler and the player at night there is the same difference that lies between a careless husband and the lover swooning under his lady's window. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Big Brother is watching you.
authors	creative	general	0	Bir hrsz yaratmak iin bir sahip yaratn; su yaratmak istiyorsanz, yasalar koyun. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Bir hrsz yaratmak iin, bir sahip yaratn; su yaratmak istiyorsanz, yasalar koyun.' ToplumsalOrganizma. Ursula Le Guin, Mlkszler
authors	creative	general	0	Bir insann yeniden doabilmesi iin, lmesi gerekir Tenar. O taraftan grld kadar zor bir ey deil bu." Ged Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	Bir kabusta yayorum, diye geirdi iinden, arada bir uykumda aylabildiim bir kabusta. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven / The Dispossessed / The Wind's Twelve Quarters
authors	creative	general	0	Biz hayal gc zengin insanlar'Evvel zaman iinde bir ejderha varm.' ya da 'Toprakta bir delikte bir hobbit yaarm.' gibi cmlelerle, byle gerek d eylerle kendi tuhaf tarzmz sayesinde hakikate ulaabiliriz. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Blessed are the blind, for they know not enough to ask why. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	Bondage is the life of personality, and for bondage the personal self will fight with tireless resourcefulness and the most stubborn cunning.
authors	creative	general	0	Bondage is the life of personality, and for bondage the personal self will fight with tireless resourcefulness and the most stubborn cunning. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Boris Pasternak said that poetry makes itself from the relationship between the sounds and the meanings of words. Ursula K. Le Guin, Dancing at the Edge of the World: Thoughts on Words, Women, Places
authors	creative	general	0	Bright fame, bright glory will crown Lavinia. But she brings her people war. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Btn duvarlar gibi iki anlaml, iki yzlyd. Neyin ieride, neyin darda olduu, duvarn hangi yanndan baktnza balyd. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Btn kk eyler anlamlyd, yalnzca btn anlamszd. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Bu yzden gemi drt yla bakan Shevek, onlar yitirilmi olarak deil, Takver'le yaamlarnda kurduklar yapnn bir paras olarak grd. Zamana kar almaktansa zamanla birlikte almann iyi yan, diye dnd, zamann boa harcanmamasdr. Ac bile ie yaryor. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Build a man a fire, and he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
authors	creative	general	0	Bureaucracy is a giant mechanism operated by pygmies. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	But I think we will have trouble learning how to lie, having for so long practiced the art of going round an round the truth without ever lying about it, or reaching it either. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	But I'm not going to stand up on a gravestone and look down on life and say, 'O lovely! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	But I, who am old, who have done what I must do, who stand in the daylight facing my own death, the end of all possibility, I know that there is only one power that is real and worth the having. And that is the power, not to take, but to accept. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	But Italy is not an intellectual country. On the subway in Tokyo everybody reads. In Italy, they don't. Don't evaluate Italy from the fact that it produced Raphael and Michelangelo.
authors	creative	general	0	But Vetch, who had not done so lightly, said, Her name is safe with you as mine is. And, besides, you knew it without my telling you . . . Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	But as we did without clergy, let us do without soldiers. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
authors	creative	general	0	But because she was not a girl now, she was not awed, but only wondered at how men ordered their world into this dance of masks, and how easily a woman might learn to dance it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
authors	creative	general	0	But belief is the wound that knowledge heals, and death begins the Telling of our life Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	But by God sometimes you have to be able to think about the unthinkable! Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	But even the most unmissionary soul, unless he pretend he has no emotions, is sometimes faced with a choice between commission and omission. 'What are they doing?' abruptly becomes, 'What are we doing?' and then, 'What must I do? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
authors	creative	general	0	But he had not brought anything. His hands were empty, as they had always been. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	But if thought corrupts language, language can also corrupt thought.
authors	creative	general	0	But is it only bigots, then, who are allowed to go out into the cosmos? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	But it doesn't take a thousand men to open a door, my lord." "It might to keep it open. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	But it is one thing to read about dragons and another to meet them. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	But need alone is not enough to set power free: there must be knowledge. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	But nobody in one lifetime could read more than a fragment of what was here, this broken labyrinth of words, this shattered, interrupted story of a people and a world through the centuries, the millennia. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	But now I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth.
authors	creative	general	0	But now his dry and silent grieving for his lost wife must end, for there she stood, the fierce, recalcitrant, and fragile stranger, forever to be won again. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	But reason always cuts a poor figure beside sentiment; the one being essentially restricted, like everything that is positive, while the other is infinite. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	But she knew, though very vaguely, that she was crying, because hope hurts terribly when it breaks through the resignation in which you have lived for days. Ursula K. Le Guin, Planet of Exile / Mankind Under the Leash
authors	creative	general	0	But the death of a great mage, who has many times in his life walked on the dry steep hillsides of deaths kingdom, is a strange matter: for the dying man goes not blindly, but surely, knowing the way. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	But the human being likes to be challenged, seeks freedom in adversity. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	But was not a theory of which all the elements were provably true a simple tautology? In the region of the unprovable, or even the disprovable, lay the only chance for breaking out of the circle and going ahead. In Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	But we're all walking in the night, now, on ground we don't know. When the day comes we may know where we are, or we may not. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
authors	creative	general	0	But you're so strong. I wish I were strong. I just like eating. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	By the time you've reached your sixties, you do know that one day you will die, and knowing that is at least the beginning of wisdom.
authors	creative	general	0	Can true function arise from basic dysfunction? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Can women operate as women in a male institution without becoming imitation men? Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Can you walk the road your dream goes? Sometimes. Sometimes I am afraid to. Who is not. ... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
authors	creative	general	0	Captain Cook discovered Australia looking for the Terra Incognita. Christopher Columbus thought he was finding India but discovered America. History is full of events that happened because of an imaginary tale.
authors	creative	general	0	Carol Emshwiller: Ledoyt First published in 1997, revised in 2002, and revised again for this book Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	Chance, my dear, is the sovereign deity in child-bearing. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Chastity - the most unnatural of all the sexual perversions.
authors	creative	general	0	Chastity - the most unnatural of all the sexual perversions. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Children are remarkable for their intelligence and ardor, for their curiosity, their intolerance of shams, the clarity and ruthlessness of their vision.
authors	creative	general	0	Children are remarkable for their intelligence and ardor, for their curiosity, their intolerance of shams, the clarity and ruthlessness of their vision. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Children know perfectly well that unicorns arent real, but they also know that books about unicorns, if they are good books, are true books. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction
authors	creative	general	0	Children, dear and loving children, can alone console a woman for the loss of her beauty. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Cinders patter, falling with the snow. We creep infinitesimally northward through the dirty chaos of a world in the process of making itself. Praise then Creation unfinished! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Clouds symbolize the veils that shroud God. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Communism is in conflict with human nature. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	Compare the torrent and the glacier. Both get where they are going. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Confucius and you are both dreams, and I who say you are dreams am a dream myself. This is a paradox. Tomorrow a wise man may explain it; that tomorrow will not be for ten thousand generations. CHUANG TSE: II Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Conscience is our unerring judge until we finally stifle it. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Consistency is a virtue until it gets annoying Ursula K. Le Guin, The Unreal and the Real: Selected Stories, Volume One: Where on Earth
authors	creative	general	0	Consistency is a virtue until it gets annoying. ursula le guin, The Unreal and the Real: Selected Stories Volume One: Where on Earth: 1
authors	creative	general	0	Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are dead.
authors	creative	general	0	Consistency is contrary to nature, contrary to life. The only completely consistent people are dead. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Conspiracies do exist. Probably in this moment in New York there is an economic group making a conspiracy in order to buy three banks. But if they succeed, they are immediately discovered.
authors	creative	general	0	Continuity isn't actually something that I ever worry about. You use it where you need to, and you don't use it where you don't need to.
authors	creative	general	0	Courtesy is only a thin veneer on the general selfishness. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Crafty writers...don't allow Exposition to form Lumps. They break up the information, grind it fine, and make it into bricks to build the story with. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: Exercises and Discussions on Story Writing for the Lone Navigator or the Mutinous Crew
authors	creative	general	0	Crap has always happened, crap is happening, and crap will continue to happen.
authors	creative	general	0	Creationists make it sound as though a 'theory' is something you dreamt up after being drunk all night.
authors	creative	general	0	Creativity can only be anarchic, capitalist, Darwinian.
authors	creative	general	0	Cured? Goss said. Would you cure a singer of his voice? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Cynical realism is the intelligent man's best excuse for doing nothing in an intolerable situation.
authors	creative	general	0	Cynical realism is the intelligent man's best excuse for doing nothing in an intolerable situation. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Dalton's records, carefully preserved for a century, were destroyed during the World War II bombing of Manchester. It is not only the living who are killed in war.
authors	creative	general	0	Darkness is only in the mortal eye, that thinks it sees, but sees not. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	David Fincher is a genius.
authors	creative	general	0	De Sade is the one completely consistent and thoroughgoing revolutionary of history.
authors	creative	general	0	De Sade is the one completely consistent and thoroughgoing revolutionary of history. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Dead anarchists make martyrs, you know, and keep living for centuries. But absent ones can be forgotten. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Death and life are the same thing-like the two sides of my hand, the palm and the back. And still the palm and the back are not the same...They can be neither separated, nor mixed. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Death sentences are short and very, very manly. Life sentences arent. They go on and on, all full of syntax and qualifying clauses and confusing references and getting old. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination
authors	creative	general	0	Death unites as well as separates; it silences all paltry feeling. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Defined in psychological terms, a fanatic is a man who consciously over-compensates a secret doubt.
authors	creative	general	0	Defined in psychological terms, a fanatic is a man who consciously over-compensates a secret doubt. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Desar's chosen field in mathematics was so esoteric that nobody in the Institute or the Math Federation could really check on his progress. That was precisely why he had chosen it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Despite what some adults seem to think, teenagers are fully human. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Dessutom tar jag hellre emot dliga nyheter frn en rlig man n lgner frn en smickrare (s. 72). Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
authors	creative	general	0	Det som frblir ofrndrat fr lnge frstr sig sjlv. Skogen r evig drfr att den dr och dr och drfr lever." (s. 319) Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Deux tres unis par un profond amour n'ont-ils pas des chances de se faire mal non moins profondment? N'en ont-ils pas le pouvoir? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.
authors	creative	general	0	Dickens is one of those authors who are well worth stealing.
authors	creative	general	0	Dickens, as you know, never got round to starting his home page.
authors	creative	general	0	Did perpetual happiness in the Garden of Eden maybe get so boring that eating the apple was justified?
authors	creative	general	0	Distrust everything I say. I am telling the truth. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Dnceler bask altna alnarak yok edilemez. Onlar ancak dikkate alnmayarak yok edilebilir. Dnmeyi reddederek - deimeyi reddederek. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Dnya hep yenidir, kkleri ne kadar eski de olsa. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
authors	creative	general	0	Dnyada sadece tek bir ey kt yrekli bir insana kar durabilir. O da baka bir insandr. Aybmzda yatar erefimiz. Sadece bizim ruhumuz, ktle ak olan ruhumuz, onu yenmeye muktedirdir. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Dnyann ne kadar gzel olduunu grmenin yolu, onu ay gibi grmekten geiyor. Yaamn ne gzel olduunu grmenin yolu lmn bak asndan bakmaktan geiyor. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Do nothing because it is righteous or praiseworthy or noble to do so; do nothing because it seems good to do so; do only that which you must do and which you cannot do in any other way. Ursula K. LeGuin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves.
authors	creative	general	0	Do the thing you fear to do and keep on doing it... that is the quickest and surest way ever yet discovered to conquer fear.
authors	creative	general	0	Do what is needful. And no more! Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Do you know how to read?" "No. It is one of the black arts." He nodded. "But a useful one," he said. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	Doing the forbidden is a normal function of growth.
authors	creative	general	0	Don't be afraid to give your best to what seemingly are small jobs. Every time you conquer one it makes you that much stronger. If you do the little jobs well, the big ones will tend to take care of themselves.
authors	creative	general	0	Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened.
authors	creative	general	0	Don't try to solve serious matters in the middle of the night.
authors	creative	general	0	Dont WORry if OTHers disaGREE DONT WORry if OTHers DISagree Dont WORry if OTHers DISaGREE Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination
authors	creative	general	0	Dont shove me into your pigeonhole, where I dont fit, because Im all over. My tentacles are coming out of the pigeonhole in all directions. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Doublethink means the power of holding two contradictory beliefs in one's mind simultaneously, and accepting both of them.
authors	creative	general	0	Dragons think we are amusing. But they remember Erreth-Akbe. They speak of him as if he were a dragon, not a man. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	Dream in a pragmatic way.
authors	creative	general	0	Dream in a pragmatic way. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Drug misuse is not a disease, it is a decision, like the decision to step out in front of a moving car. You would call that not a disease but an error of judgment.
authors	creative	general	0	Each generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it.
authors	creative	general	0	Each nation feels superior to other nations. That breeds patriotism - and wars.
authors	creative	general	0	Early in life I had noticed that no event is ever correctly reported in a newspaper.
authors	creative	general	0	Eight years involved with the nuclear industry have taught me that when nothing can possible go wrong and every avenue has been covered, then is the time to buy a house on the next continent.
authors	creative	general	0	El tiempo no transcurra. No haba tiempo. l era el tiempo: slo l. Era el ro, la flecha, la piedra. Pero no avanzaba. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Empathy is a tool for building people into groups, for allowing us to function as more than self-obsessed individuals.
authors	creative	general	0	En yalnz deneyim olan ac, sempati ve sevgiyi dourur; benlik ve teki arasndaki kpry, birlemenin aralarn. Ursula K. Le Guin, Kadnlar, Ryalar, Ejderhalar
authors	creative	general	0	Encender una vela es proyectar una sombra... Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Endurance may outlast hope. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Enlades ve Gont gibi sihirbaz bol lkelerde, yamur bulutlarnn bir tlsmdan bir tlsma ilerleyerek, sonunda ykn huzur iinde denize boaltncaya kadar, yava yava bir yandan bir yana, bir yerden bir yere hareket ettiini grebilirsiniz. Ursula K. Le Guin, Yerdeniz Bycs
authors	creative	general	0	Enlightened people seldom or never possess a sense of responsibility.
authors	creative	general	0	Entering a novel is like going on a climb in the mountains: You have to learn the rhythms of respiration - acquire the pace. Otherwise you stop right away.
authors	creative	general	0	Equality may perhaps be a right, but no power on earth can ever turn it into a fact. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Erkein istedii zgrlktr , kadnn istedii mlkiyyettir Ursula Le Guin, Mlkszler
authors	creative	general	0	Estraven asleep looked a little stupid, like everyone asleep. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Europe is so well gardened that it resembles a work of art, a scientific theory, a neat metaphysical system. Man has re-created Europe in his own image.
authors	creative	general	0	Europe is so well gardened that it resembles a work of art, a scientific theory, a neat metaphysical system. Man has re-created Europe in his own image. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Even from the brother there is no comfort in the bad hour, in the dark at the foot of the wall. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Even in merely reading a fairytale, we must let go our daylight convictions and trust ourselves to be guided by dark figures, in silence; and when we come back, it may be very hard to describe where we have been. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Even though I write about the human race, the further away from them, the better I feel. Two miles is great; two thousand miles is beautiful.
authors	creative	general	0	Even today, I frequently meet scientists who, outside their own narrow discipline, are superstitious.
authors	creative	general	0	Every European goes on the streets and sees medieval churches. Not if you live in Indianapolis.
authors	creative	general	0	Every European goes on the streets and sees medieval churches. Not if you live in Indianapolis. The most exciting letters I received were from people in places like that.
authors	creative	general	0	Every author has to eventually write a food book.
authors	creative	general	0	Every book purchase made from Amazon is a vote for a culture without content and without contentment. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Every man who knows how to read has it in his power to magnify himself, to multiply the ways in which he exists, to make his life full, significant and interesting.
authors	creative	general	0	Every man who knows how to read has it in his power to magnify himself, to multiply the ways in which he exists, to make his life full, significant and interesting. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Every man's memory is his private literature.
authors	creative	general	0	Every man's memory is his private literature. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Every now and then I'll do little things, a short story or something, that doesn't have any fantastical elements, but mostly I like the power of playing God and I like to imagine things.
authors	creative	general	0	Every once in a while, I get mad. 'The Lorax' came out of my being angry. The ecology books I'd read were dull... In 'The Lorax,' I was out to attack what I think are evil things and let the chips fall where they might.
authors	creative	general	0	Every so often somebody writes a story or novel in the second person under the impression that it hasnt been done before. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
authors	creative	general	0	Every time that I write a novel I am convinced for at least two years that it is the last one, because a novel is like a child. It takes two years after its birth. You have to take care of it. It starts walking, and then speaking.
authors	creative	general	0	Every war when it comes, or before it comes, is represented not as a war but as an act of self-defense against a homicidal maniac.
authors	creative	general	0	Everyone smiles with that invisible gun to their head.
authors	creative	general	0	Everyone who wants to do good to the human race always ends in universal bullying.
authors	creative	general	0	Everyone who wants to do good to the human race always ends in universal bullying. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Everything dreams. The play of form, of being, is the dreaming of substance. Rocks have their dreams, and the earth changes.... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Everything dreams. The play of form, of being, is the dreaming of substance. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Everything gives way before the recurring torment and festivity of passion. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Everything is old, here. We are old - the Masters." "You're not," Irian said. She thought him between thirty and forty[...] "But I came far. Miles can be years. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Everything starts somewhere, although many physicists disagree.
authors	creative	general	0	Evolution was far more thrilling to me than the biblical account. Who would not rather be a rising ape than a falling angel? To my juvenile eyes, Darwin was proved true every day. It doesn't take much to make us flip back into monkeys again.
authors	creative	general	0	Excess is excrement, ... Excrement retained in the body is a poison. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Excess of joy is harder to bear than any amount of sorrow. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you.
authors	creative	general	0	Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Experience teaches only the teachable.
authors	creative	general	0	Experience teaches only the teachable. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Fact is one of our finest fictions. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
authors	creative	general	0	Facts are no more slid, coherent, round, and real than pearls are. Bot both are sensitive. Le Guin Ursula
authors	creative	general	0	Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
authors	creative	general	0	Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Fantasy as an assembly-line commodity leaves me cold. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living, it's a way of looking at life through the wrong end of a telescope, and that enables you to laugh at life's realities.
authors	creative	general	0	Fantasy is an exercise bicycle for the mind. It might not take you anywhere, but it tones up the muscles that can. Of course, I could be wrong.
authors	creative	general	0	Fantasy is nearer to poetry, to mysticism, and to insanity than naturalistic fiction is. It is a real wilderness, and those who go there should not feel too safe. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Fantasy is uni-age. You can start it in the creche, and it follows you to death.
authors	creative	general	0	Farfetching. What one is after when farfetching might be described as the intuitive perception of a moral entirety; and thus it tends to find expression not in rational symbols, but in metaphor. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Farkl gnelerin klar farkldr, ama tek bir karanlk vardr. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Fatos no so mais slidos, coerentes, perfeitos e reais do que prolas. Mas ambos so sensveis. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
authors	creative	general	0	Fear not those who argue but those who dodge.
authors	creative	general	0	Fear prophets and those prepared to die for the truth, for as a rule they make many others die with them, often before them, at times instead of them.
authors	creative	general	0	Feasts must be solemn and rare, or else they cease to be feasts.
authors	creative	general	0	Feasts must be solemn and rare, or else they cease to be feasts. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Feeling sorry for yourself, and your present condition, is not only a waste of energy but the worst habit you could possibly have.
authors	creative	general	0	Felicidade tem a ver com a razo, s pode ser conquistada pela razo. O que ganhei foi uma coisa que no se pode conquistar, no se pode manter e, muitas vezes, no se pode nem reconhecer no momento; falo de jbilo. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Few great men could pass personnel.
authors	creative	general	0	Few things in life seem more sexy than a banned book.
authors	creative	general	0	Fiction offers the best means of understanding people different from oneself, short of experience. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	Finance, like time, devours its own children. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home... it's your responsibility to love it, or change it.
authors	creative	general	0	Find out what you're afraid of and go live there.
authors	creative	general	0	Fire and fear, good servants, bad lords. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	First ask yourself: What is the worst that can happen? Then prepare to accept it. Then proceed to improve on the worst.
authors	creative	general	0	First love is a kind of vaccination which saves a man from catching the complaint the second time. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Fish and visitors stink after three days. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind.
authors	creative	general	0	Flaming enthusiasm, backed up by horse sense and persistence, is the quality that most frequently makes for success.
authors	creative	general	0	Followers of the occult believe in only what they already know, and in those things that confirm what they have already learned.
authors	creative	general	0	For a creative writer possession of the 'truth' is less important than emotional sincerity.
authors	creative	general	0	For a word to be spoken, there must be silence. Before, and after. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	For discipline is the channel in which our acts run strong and deep; where there is no direction, the deeds of men run shallow and wander and are wasted. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	For heroes do not make historythat is the historians jobbut, passive, let themselves be borne along, swept up to the crest of the tide of change, of chance, of war. Ursula K. Le Guin, Orsinian Tales
authors	creative	general	0	For if it's all the rest of us who are killed by the suicide, it's himself whom the murderer kills; only he has to do is over, and over, and over. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
authors	creative	general	0	For in this love he now felt there was compassion: without which love is untempered, and is not whole, and does not last. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	For magic consists in this, the true naming of a thing. Ursula K. LeGuin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	For me and my entire generation, we took on this kind of sarcastic, ironic, snarkiness because it seemed the most extreme reaction to the earnestness of hippies.
authors	creative	general	0	For me, the glory of my first 25 years as a writer was I could put things off as long as I wanted.
authors	creative	general	0	For passion, be it observed, brings insight with it; it can give a sort of intelligence to simpletons, fools, and idiots, especially during youth. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	For the kindest of them was as far out of touch, as unreachable, as the crudest. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
authors	creative	general	0	For to keep dark the mind of the mageborn, that is a dangerous thing. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Fortune-telling and love-potions are not of much account, but old women are worth listening to. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Four legs good, two legs bad.
authors	creative	general	0	Free action is to live in the present society as though it were a natural society.
authors	creative	general	0	Freedom is never very safe. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows.
authors	creative	general	0	Freedom is the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
authors	creative	general	0	Freedom without limits is just a word.
authors	creative	general	0	From lies to forgeries the step is not so long, and I have written technical essays on the logic of forgeries and on the influence of forgeries on history.
authors	creative	general	0	From my close observation of writers... they fall into two groups: 1) those who bleed copiously and visibly at any bad review, and 2) those who bleed copiously and secretly at any bad review.
authors	creative	general	0	From their experience or from the recorded experience of others (history), men learn only what their passions and their metaphysical prejudices allow them to learn.
authors	creative	general	0	From their experience or from the recorded experience of others (history), men learn only what their passions and their metaphysical prejudices allow them to learn. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere.
authors	creative	general	0	Fun is good.
authors	creative	general	0	Game shows are designed to make us feel better about the random, useless facts that are all we have left of our education.
authors	creative	general	0	Generally, a writer of force is anywhere from 20 years to 200 years ahead of his generation.
authors	creative	general	0	Genius is always allowed some leeway, once the hammer has been pried from its hands and the blood has been cleaned up.
authors	creative	general	0	Genius might be the ability to say a profound thing in a simple way.
authors	creative	general	0	George MacDonald: The Princess and the Goblin Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	George Orr stayed in Portland because he had always lived there and because he had no reason to believe that life anywhere else would be better, or different. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	George, it's impossible to correct a defective reality-orientation overnight. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Geraldine Brooks: People of the Book Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	Gerek kardelik paylalan acda balyor. Mlkszler Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Gerek yolculuk geri dntr. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Give me rampant intellectualism as a coping mechanism.
authors	creative	general	0	Go into a dark bar for a bit and have a beer with Dionysios, every now and then. I talk about the gods; I am an atheist. But I am an artist too, and therefore a liar. Distrust everything I say. I am telling the truth. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Go on, prove me wrong. Destroy the fabric of the universe. See if I care.
authors	creative	general	0	Go to bed; tired is stupid. Tomorrow Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Go to bed; tired is stupid. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	God isn't compatible with machinery and scientific medicine and universal happiness. You must make your choice. Our civilization has chosen machinery and medicine and happiness.
authors	creative	general	0	God isn't compatible with machinery and scientific medicine and universal happiness. You must make your choice. Our civilization has chosen machinery and medicine and happiness. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	God speaks, spirits speak, computers speak. Oracular ambiguity or statistical probability provides loopholes, and discrepancies are expunged by Faith. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	God, if there is a God, take my soul, if I have a soul. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	Going off the grid is always good for me. It's the way that I've started books and finished books and gotten myself out of deadline dooms and things.
authors	creative	general	0	Good Lord, you're funny, too! Is there anything you arent? A salesman, he said. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	Good writing is like a windowpane.
authors	creative	general	0	Goodbye, goodbye. Fish and visitors stink after three days. Goodbye! Ursula K. Le Guin, Worlds of Exile and Illusion: Rocannon's World / Planet of Exile / City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	Gradually the healing took place, seeming as it always does that it wasn't taking place. Ursula K. LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	Great love affairs start with Champagne and end with tisane. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Great, big, serious novels always get awards. If it's a battle between a great, big, serious novel and a funny novel, the funny novel is doomed.
authors	creative	general	0	Greed puts out the sun. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
authors	creative	general	0	Habit converts luxurious enjoyments into dull and daily necessities.
authors	creative	general	0	Habit converts luxurious enjoyments into dull and daily necessities. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Had his fear, in fact, been the personal fear that Selver might having learnt the racial hatred, reject him and treat him not as you but as one of them. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
authors	creative	general	0	Happiness can exist only in acceptance.
authors	creative	general	0	Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude.
authors	creative	general	0	Happiness has to do with reason, and only reason earns it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Happiness is a hard master, particularly other people's happiness.
authors	creative	general	0	Happiness is a hard master, particularly other people's happiness. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Happiness is based on a just discrimination of what is necessary, what is neither necessary nor destructive, and what is destructive Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
authors	creative	general	0	Hard times are coming, when well be wanting the voices of writers who can see alternatives to how we live now, can see through our fear-stricken society and its obsessive technologies to other ways of being, and even imagine real grounds for hope. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Hardly anybody ever writes anything nice about introverts. Extroverts rule. This is rather odd when you realise that about nineteen writers out of twenty are introverts. We are been taught to be ashamed of not being 'outgoing'. But a writer's job is ingoing. Ursula K. LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	Hate eats the hater Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	Hate eats the hater, she quoted from a familiar text of the Telling. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	Hate's not functional; why are we taught it? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up.
authors	creative	general	0	Have you never thought how danger must surround power as shadow does light? Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Having a bunch of cats around is good. If you're feeling bad, you just look at the cats, you'll feel better because they know that everything is just as it is. There's nothing to get excited about. They just know. They're saviours.
authors	creative	general	0	Having intelligence, we must not act in ignorance. Having choice, we must not act without responsibility. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Having one king, one god, one belief, they can act single-mindedly. Ursula K. Le Guin, Voices
authors	creative	general	0	He also had a kind of helpless politeness, which I took advantage of. He was quite incapable of refusing a direct request, and so, because I asked him to, he invited me to several parties during the month I stayed in Hemgogn. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
authors	creative	general	0	He copulated with a number of girls, but copulation was not the joy it ought to be. It was a mere relief of need, like evacuating, and he felt ashamed of it afterward because it involved another person as object. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	He felt disinclined to move. To move would disturb the perfect, stable moment, the balance of the world. The winter light along the ceiling was beautiful beyond expression. He Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	He gave way to the fear that had come with her, the sense of the breaking of promises, the incoherence of Time. He broke. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	He grinned a little as he thought it; for he had always liked that pause, that fearful pause, the moment before things changed. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
authors	creative	general	0	He had almost yielded, but not quite. He had not consented. It is very hard for evil to take hold of the unconsenting soul. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	He had been groping and grabbing after certainty, as if it were something he could possess. He had been demanding a security, a guarantee, which is not granted: and which, if granted, would become a prison. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	He had been trying to measure the distance between the earth and God. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters
authors	creative	general	0	He had grown up in a country run by politicians who sent the pilots to man the bombers to kill the babies to make the world safe for children to grow up in. But Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	He had grown up in a country run by politicians who sent the pilots to man the bombers to kill the babies to make the world safe for children to grow up in. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	He had made follow him. He had called her by her name, and she had come crouching to his hand. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	He had read much, if one considers his long life; but his contemplation was much more than his reading. He was wont to say that if he had read as much as other men he should have known no more than other men.
authors	creative	general	0	He is the earth and sunlight, the leaves of trees, the eagle's flight. He is alive. And all who ever died, live; they are reborn and have no end, nor will there ever be an end. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	He knew now, and the knowledge was hard, that his task had never been to undo what he had done, but to finish what he had begun. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	He knew that insofar as one denies what is, one is possessed by what is not, the compulsions, the fantasies, the terrors that flock to fill the void. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	He laid his hands on her head, pushing back the hood. He began to speak. His voice was soft, and the words were in no tongue she had ever heard. The sound of them came into her heart like rain falling. She grew still to listen. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	He liked the way she began her fierce, scornful sentences so often with a weak, conciliatory 'well.' She cut the ground out from under them before they ever got going, let them hang unsupported in the void. She had courage, great courage. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	He listened to the radio, but it would not listen to him. He was all alone, and nothing seemed to be real in solitude. He needed somebody, anybody, to talk to, he had to tell them what he felt so that he knew if he felt anything. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	He lost weight; he walked light on the earth. Lack of physical labour, lack of variety of occupation, lack of social and sexual intercourse, none of these appeared to him as lacks, but as freedom. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	He loved Shevek, but he could not show him what freedom is, that recognition of each person's solitude which alone transcends it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	He said, Please tell me, Sutty, is the institutionalised homophobia very difficult for you? I grew up with it. Under the Unists. Not only the Unists. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	He saw time turn back upon itself, a river flowing upward to the spring. He held the contemporaneity of two moments in his left and right hands; as he moved them apart he smiled to see the moments separate like dividing soap bubbles. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	He seemed not to know the uses of silence. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	He thought he had learned pain, but he would learn it again and again, all his life, and forget none of it. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	He thought of death, in that gap between the beginning of a step and its completion, and at the end of the step he stood on a new earth. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	He thought, I am living in a nightmare, from which from time to time I wake in sleep. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	He took pleasure in her inconsequential talk just as he did in the sunshine and the snow. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	He tried to read an elementary economics text; it bored him past endurance, it was like listening to somebody interminably recounting a long and stupid dream. He Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	He was a hard shrewd jovial politician, whose acts of kindness served his interest and whose interest was himself. His type is panhuman. I had met him on Earth, and on Hain, and on Ollul. I expect to meet him in Hell. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	He was all alone, and nothing seemed to be real in solitude. Ursula Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	He was an embittered atheist, the sort of atheist who does not so much disbelieve in God as personally dislike Him.
authors	creative	general	0	He was appalled by the examination system, when it was explained to him, he could not imagine a greater detterent to the natural wish to learn than this pattern of cramming in information and disgorging it on demand. Ursula K. Le guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	He was appalled by the examination system, when it was explained to him; he could not imagine a greater deterrent to the natural wish to learn than this pattern of cramming in information and disgorging it at demand. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	He was born to be alone, a damned cold intellectual, an egoist. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	He was clearly aware of only one thing, his own total isolation. The world had fallen out from under him, and he was left alone. To die is to lose the self and rejoin the rest. He had kept himself, and lost the rest. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	He was not interested in detached knowledge, science for science's sake: there was no use learning anything if it was of no use. Relevance was his touchstone. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	He was very weary; the day had been long, and full of dragons. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	He whom God has touched will always be a being apart: he is, whatever he may do, a stranger among men; he is marked by a sign. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	He will die of it. That he will: what does a man die of but his death? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	He would not have fought for less than the truth, but it was the fighting he had loved, better than the truth. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	He, after all, had no standards of manliness, of virility, to complicate his pride. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Heathen" is merely a word for somebody who knows a different sacredness than you know Ursula K. Le Guin, Voices
authors	creative	general	0	Heaven and earth begin in the unnamed: names the mother of the ten thousand things. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tao Te Ching: A Book about the Way and the Power of the Way
authors	creative	general	0	Hector had no virtue? Of course he did. He won all his battles, till the last one. We all do, Aeneas remarked. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Hell isn't merely paved with good intentions; it's walled and roofed with them. Yes, and furnished too.
authors	creative	general	0	Hell isn't merely paved with good intentions; it's walled and roofed with them. Yes, and furnished too. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Her despair grew so great that it burst her breast open and like a bird of fire shattered the stone and broke out into the light of day--the light of day, faint in her windowless room. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	Her ey konuur; duymak istiyorsan, sessiz ol... Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Here you think the incentive to work is finances, need for money or desire for profit, but where there's no money the real motives are clearer, maybe. people like to do things. They like to do them well. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Here, the government can check not only act but thought. Surely no men should have such power over others. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Hi kimse cezay kazanmaz, dl de. Aklnz hak etmek, kazanmak gibi fikirlerden arndrn, ancak o zaman dnebileceksiniz. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Hideo," said my mother, in the terrifying way women have of passing without interval from one subject to another because they have them all present in their mind at once, "you haven't found any kind of relationship? Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
authors	creative	general	0	Hija de un antroplogo, esta disciplina influy en su concepcin del hombre involucrado en culturas que le son ajenas. Su obra puede ser vista como un amplio fresco antropolgico-fantstico. Ursula K. Le Guin, El da antes de la revolucin
authors	creative	general	0	His eyes saved him. What they insisted on seeing and reporting to him took him out of the autism of terror. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	His gentleness was uncompromising; because he would not compete for dominance, he was indomitable. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	His themes were not pride and love at all, though he used the words perpetually; as he used them they meant self-praise and hate. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	His words cost him so much, she thought, not like hers that just came dancing out of the air and went back into it. He spoke from his marrow. It made what he said a solemn compliment, which she accepted gratefully... Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
authors	creative	general	0	History is not a science, it's an art. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	History must be what we have escaped from. It is what we were, not what we are. History is what we need never do again. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
authors	creative	general	0	Hogeldin, oul," dedi Ogion. "Sana, ayrldm zamanki gibi geri geldim: Bir aptal olarak," dedi gen adam; sesi sertlemi, kalnlamt. -129 Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Hold fast to the one noble thing. Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
authors	creative	general	0	Hollywood is not suited for me, and I am not suited for it.
authors	creative	general	0	Home isnt Mom and Dad and Sis and Bud. Home isnt where they have to let you in. Its not a place at all. Home is imaginary. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	Homer lets us each make our own Helen; and so she is immortal. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Homer truly doesnt take sides, and so he permits the story to be tragic. By tragedy, mind and soul are grieved, enlarged, and exalted. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Homer's work hits again and again on the topos of the inexpressible. People will always do that.
authors	creative	general	0	Honor can exist anywhere, love can exist anywhere, but justice can exist only among people who found their relationships upon it. Now, Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	Honor can exist anywhere, love can exist anywhere, but justice can exist only among people who found their relationships upon it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	Housekeeping, the art of the infinite, is no game for amateurs. Ursula K. Le Guin, Sur
authors	creative	general	0	How did it get so late so soon? Its night before its afternoon. December is here before its June. My goodness how the time has flewn. How did it get so late so soon?
authors	creative	general	0	How did you get all this? Stole it, said the one-time prime minister of Karhide, Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	How do I know," she said at last, "that you are what you seem to be?" "You don't," Said he. "I don't know what I seem, to you. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	How does a person feel when looking at the sky? He thinks that he doesn't have enough tongues to describe what he sees. Nevertheless, people have never stopping describing the sky, simply listing what they see.
authors	creative	general	0	How rich we are in knowledge, and in all that lies around us yet to learn. Billionaires, all of us. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	How would it ever occur to a sane man that he could fly? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	How you play is what you win. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Human beings are religious animals.
authors	creative	general	0	Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition.
authors	creative	general	0	Humanity, you never had it to begin with.
authors	creative	general	0	Humankind is innocent, loving, and creative, you dig? It's the bureaucracies that create the evil, that make Honor and Community impossible, and it's the kids who really take it in the groin.
authors	creative	general	0	I always grow poetic when I am lying to myself. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
authors	creative	general	0	I always wondered why the makers leave housekeeping and cooking out of their tales. Isn't it what all the great wars and battles are fought for -- so that at day's end a family may eat together in a peaceful house? Ursula K. Le Guin, Voices
authors	creative	general	0	I am a dangerous man when turned loose with a typewriter.
authors	creative	general	0	I am a fictionalizing philosopher, not a novelist.
authors	creative	general	0	I am a great fan of science, but I cannot do a quadratic equation.
authors	creative	general	0	I am basically analytical, not creative; my writing is simply a creative way of handling analysis.
authors	creative	general	0	I am certain no one sets out to be cruel, but our treatment of the elderly ill seems to have no philosophy to it. As a society, we should establish whether we have a policy of life at any cost.
authors	creative	general	0	I am enormously uncool. I've made a cottage industry of being uncool. And I'm fine with that.
authors	creative	general	0	I am living in a nightmare, from which from time to time I wake in sleep. Ursula K LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	I am no more lonely than the loon on the pond that laughs so loud. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	I am not a consecutive writer.
authors	creative	general	0	I am not a speed reader. I am a speed understander.
authors	creative	general	0	I am offered the Grand Inquisitor's choice. Will you choose freedom without happiness, or happiness without freedom? The only answer one can make, I think, is: No. Ursula K. Le Guin, Dancing at the Edge of the World: Thoughts on Words, Women, Places
authors	creative	general	0	I am one of the elect, one of the few in the know, in the gnosis.
authors	creative	general	0	I am sorry, I am very sorry to ask you to lie," he said, so earnestly that I wondered if it hurt him to lie. That made him seem more like a god than a human being. If it hurt to lie, how could you stay alive? Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
authors	creative	general	0	I am the cause of all my upsets. I am my worst enemy.
authors	creative	general	0	I am tired of safe places, and roofs, and walls around me. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	I am without a face among men. I am not seen. I speak and am not heard. I come and am not welcomed. There is no place by the fire for me, nor food on the table for me, nor a bed made for me to lie in. Yet I still have my name. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I am yours by parentage and custom and by duty undertaken towards you. I am your wizard. But it is time you recalled that, tough I am a servant, I am not your servant. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	I asked if these two psychopaths could not be cured. Cured? Goss said. Would you cure a singer of his voice? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I became a journalist at 17. A few hours later, I saw my first dead body, which was somewhat... colourful. That's when I learned you can go on throwing up after you run out of things to throw up.
authors	creative	general	0	I believe in something. But I don't believe that anything can hold a grudge for long enough to condemn its creation to eternal punishment. Nobody can hold a grudge that long, even God.
authors	creative	general	0	I believe it should be possible for someone stricken with a serious and ultimately fatal illness to choose to die peacefully with medical help, rather than suffer.
authors	creative	general	0	I believe that stories are incredibly important, possibly in ways we don't understand, in allowing us to make sense of our lives, in allowing us to escape our lives, in giving us empathy and in creating the world that we live in.
authors	creative	general	0	I bid your voice be dumb until the day you find a word worth speaking. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	I came to the center of the maze following him. Now I must find my way back out alone. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	I can die when I wish to: that is my elixir of life. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	I can never get used to the fact, though I know it, that women are born cynics. Men have to learn cynicism. Infant girls could teach it to them. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	I can no longer type, so I use TalkingPoint and Dragon Dictate. It's a speech-to-text program, and there's an add-on for talking which some guys came up with.
authors	creative	general	0	I can relax with bums because I am a bum. I don't like laws, morals, religions, rules. I don't like to be shaped by society.
authors	creative	general	0	I certainly wasn't happy. Happiness has to do with reason, and only reason earns it. What I was given was the thing you can't earn, and can't keep, and often don't even recognize at the time; I mean joy. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I come with empty hands and the desire to unbuild walls. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	I could forget everything I'd lost, because I'd never had it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	I could work in the shower if I had plastic paper.
authors	creative	general	0	I developed a passion for the Middle Ages the same way some people develop a passion for coconuts.
authors	creative	general	0	I did a lot today. That is, I did something. The only thing I have ever done. I pressed a button. It took the entire willpower, the accumulated strength of my entire existence, to press one damned OFF button. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	I did not deliberately invent Earthsea, I did not think Hey wow islands are archetypes and archipelagoes are superarchetypes and lets build us an archipelago! I am not an engineer, but an explorer. I discovered Earthsea. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I did not live my life as history is written. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	I didn't go to university. Didn't even finish A-levels. But I have sympathy for those who did.
authors	creative	general	0	I didn't know you well at all. Only, when you spoke, I seemed to see clear into you, into the center. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	I do not care what comes after; I have seen the dragons on the wind of morning. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
authors	creative	general	0	I do not know what makes a man a traitor. No man considers himself a traitor: this makes it hard to find out. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I do not like the human race. I don't like their heads, I don't like their faces, I don't like their feet, I don't like their conversations, I don't like their hairdos, I don't like their automobiles.
authors	creative	general	0	I do not regard a broker as a member of the human race. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	I do not, in fact, use many puns. Certainly there are far fewer than people believe. But I suspect the ones I do occasionally use tend to hang around in people's memories for a while.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't believe in an afterlife, so I don't have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing heaven even more. For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't believe in personal immortality; the only way I expect to have some version of such a thing is through my books.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't believe in the war god of the Israelites. He's a bogeyman. Jesus preached the golden rule, by and large.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't do much more than organise other people's ideas and insights and thoughts, and sort of harvest them, and inventory them and present them.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't expect to live forever, but I do intend to hang on as long as possible.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't know if proud is the right word, but I am somebody who does not, on the whole, have the highest regard for my own stuff in that when I look all I get to see are the flaws.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't know if you ever really feel like you've made it.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't know. We're each of us alone, to be sure. What can you do but hold your hand out in the dark? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters
authors	creative	general	0	I don't like jail, they got the wrong kind of bars in there.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't like the clean-shaven boy with the necktie and the good job. I like desperate men, men with broken teeth and broken minds and broken ways. They interest me. They are full of surprises and explosions.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't really plan. I'm almost intuitive about things.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't see the point of having 80 million people online if all they are doing in the end is talking to ghosts in the suburbs.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't think I'm mainstream. I think what I am is lots and lots of different cults. And when you get lots and lots of small groups who like you a lot, they add up to a big group without ever actually becoming mainstream.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't think about the end game. I've got lots to occupy my mind. It's the rage that keeps me going.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't think there is such a thing as a bad book for children.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't want to write a novel per year. I know that I need a break of one or two years. So maybe I invent some new, urgent activity so I don't fall into the trap of starting a new novel.
authors	creative	general	0	I don't write so much now. I'm getting on 33, pot belly and creeping dementia.
authors	creative	general	0	I dont believe in Darwins theory of evolution. I accept it. It isnt a matter of faith, but of evidence. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	I dont know if its right to count people like you count numbers. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	I dont know which I should fear more . . . death or life. I wish I could be done with fear. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I dont like making the rest of the world live in my dreams, but I certainly dont want to live in yours. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	I doubt that the imagination can be suppressed. If you truly eradicated it in a child, he would grow up to be an eggplant. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction
authors	creative	general	0	I doubt whether classical education ever has been or can be successfully carried out without corporal punishment.
authors	creative	general	0	I dreamed: I am the fish whose flesh is eaten, and because I am fat, it is good.
authors	creative	general	0	I fear liars, and I fear tricksters, and worst I fear the bitter truth. And so I rule my country well. Because only fear rules men. Nothing else works. Nothing else lasts long enough. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I feel that I am a scholar who only with the left hand writes novels.
authors	creative	general	0	I felt the pressure of people all around me, all the time. People around me, people with me, people pressing on me, pressing me to be one of them, one of the people. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Unreal and the Real: Selected Stories, Volume Two: Outer Space, Inner Lands
authors	creative	general	0	I got into science fiction by being interested in astronomy first.
authors	creative	general	0	I grow as many of our vegetables as I can, because my granddad was a professional gardener, and it's in the blood.
authors	creative	general	0	I guess whats happened is that what used to be a shockword has become a noise thats supposed to intensify the emotion in what you're saying. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	I had believed that justice could exist in a society founded on injustice. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	I had forgotten how much light there is in the world, till you gave it back to me. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	I had ignored that black cellar and gone looking for the substance of Orgoreyn aboveground, in daylight. No wonder nothing had seemed real. I Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I had of course met with incredulity..., but seldom with a will to incredulity. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I hate complaining to strangers -- you can only complain satisfactorily to people you know really well. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
authors	creative	general	0	I hate complaining to strangersyou can only complain satisfactorily to people you know really well Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes: Stories
authors	creative	general	0	I hate the bigotry you believe in. But I'll try not to hate you." "Why?" he asked. His voice was cold, as she remembered it. "Hate eats the hater," she quoted from a familiar text of the Telling. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I hated him at such times, with a hatred that rose straight up out of the death that lay within my spirit. I hated the harsh, intricate, obstinate demands that he made on me in the name of life. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I have a living will and I have friends, and I have money and I have hope.
authors	creative	general	0	I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth.
authors	creative	general	0	I have given my love to what is worthy of love. Is that not the kingdom and the unperishing spring? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	I have learned to have very modest goals for society and myself; things like clean air, green grass, children with bright eyes, not being pushed around, useful work that suits one's abilities, plain tasty food, and occasional satisfying nookie.
authors	creative	general	0	I have lost the freedom of not having an opinion.
authors	creative	general	0	I have no definite talent or trade, and how I stay alive is largely a matter of magic.
authors	creative	general	0	I have not worked out my poems with a careful will, falling rather on haphazard and blind formulation of wordage, a more flowing concept, in a hope for a more new and lively path. I do personalize at times, but this only for the grace and elan of the dance.
authors	creative	general	0	I have one lifetime, and I will not spend it for greed and profiteering and lies. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	I have this, this gift, I know that; and I know my obligation to it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	I have to admit that I only read 'War and Peace' when I was 40. But I knew the basics before then.
authors	creative	general	0	I have to write because if I don't get something down then after a while I feel it's going to bang the side of my head off.
authors	creative	general	0	I have watched my country accept, mostly quite complacently, along with a lower living standard for more and more people, a lower moral standard. A moral standard based on advertising. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	I have, before now, waited for a pen to perform a macro.
authors	creative	general	0	I hope youll understand that I am not quoting those great words lightly. I do mean it. Knowledge sets us free, art sets us free. A great library is freedom. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination
authors	creative	general	0	I intend, before the endgame looms, to die sitting in a chair in my own garden with a glass of brandy in my hand and Thomas Tallis on the iPod. Oh, and since this is England, I had better add, 'If wet, in the library.' Who could say that this is bad?
authors	creative	general	0	I just don't want to die without a few scars.
authors	creative	general	0	I kept starting 'Anansi Boys' as a movie and stopping, and eventually wrote the novel and was happy.
authors	creative	general	0	I kept writing not because I felt I was so good, but because I felt they were so bad, including Shakespeare, all those. The stilted formalism, like chewing cardboard.
authors	creative	general	0	I know perfectly well he's a god, too. But what I think is he'll be much godlier after he's dead. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I know three people who have got better after a brain tumour. I haven't heard of anyone who's got better from Alzheimer's.
authors	creative	general	0	I know who I was, I can tell you who I may have been, but I am, now, only in this line of words I write. I'm not sure of the nature of my existence, and wonder to find myself writing. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	I know who I was, I can tell you who I may have been, but I am, now, only in this line of words I write. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I learned that the story has no beginning, and no story has an end. That the story is all muddle, all middle. That the story is never true, but that the lie is indeed a child of silence. By Ursula K. Le Guin, The Found and the Lost: The Collected Novellas of Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I lied. I lied. I lied. I lied deliberately, knowingly, well. She lied. She is a liar. She is an intellectual too! She is a lie. And a coward, afraid. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Unreal and the Real: Selected Stories, Volume Two: Outer Space, Inner Lands
authors	creative	general	0	I like being a writer.
authors	creative	general	0	I like nicotine because it excites my brain and helps me work.
authors	creative	general	0	I like nonsense; it wakes up the brain cells.
authors	creative	general	0	I like reading. I prefer not reading on my computer, because that makes whatever I am reading feel like work. I do not mind reading on my iPad.
authors	creative	general	0	I like to get people moving and jumping. I think it's good to add more emotion and chaos.
authors	creative	general	0	I like writing. I get cranky when I can't. Yes, I write books back to back, and I work very hard on them.
authors	creative	general	0	I live by fallacy. 'If I get enough nice Ikea furniture, I'll be a grown-up.' Then I catch myself. Or, 'If I get off by myself, away from the stress of modern life, I'll be OK.' Then I catch myself.
authors	creative	general	0	I lost some time once. It's always in the last place you look for it.
authors	creative	general	0	I love the secrecy of writing fiction. When I write a novel, I don't tell anybody what I'm doing. I'm living in my private world. And it's a great sensation.
authors	creative	general	0	I loved writing a book in which, in some ways, it's very, very classical, and in some ways I'm breaking lots of rules about what you can do and what you can't do.
authors	creative	general	0	I mean, I wouldn't pay more than a couple of quid to see me, and I'm me.
authors	creative	general	0	I meant what I said and I said what I meant.
authors	creative	general	0	I must go where I am bound to go, and turn my back on the bright shores. I was in too much haste, and now have no time left. I traded all the sunlight and the cities and the distant lands for a handful of power, for a shadow, for the dark. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I must have read every issue of 'Punch' published in the 20th century, and I think in the process I picked up the true voice of English humour - that amiable, fairly liberal, laconic voice which you find in something like 'Three Men in a Boat.'
authors	creative	general	0	I named you once, I think," he said, and then strode to his house and entered, bearing the bird still on his wrist. Ursula LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	I never had a gift but one, to know when the great wheel gives to a touch, to know and act. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I never knew anybody . . . who found life simple. I think a life or a time looks simple when you leave out the details. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
authors	creative	general	0	I never knew anybody, anywhere I have been, who found life simple. I think a life or a time looks simple when you leave out the details, the way a planet looks smooth, from orbit. Ursula LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	I never know the heron as it flies at first. What is the slow, wide-winged figure in the sky? Then I see it, like a word in a foreign language, like seeing ones own name written in a strange alphabet and recognizing it, I say it: the heron. Ursula K. Le Guin, Searoad
authors	creative	general	0	I prefer to save talking till I know what Im talking about. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	I respect commas far more than I respect congressmen. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I share your modest enthusiasm for Austens Mansfield Park. I didnt like the movie, though. Do you like any of the recent Jane movies? Oh, as movies, sure. Not as Austen. There is no way I can dislike Alan whatshisname with the voice like a cello. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wild Girls
authors	creative	general	0	I sometimes think that the price of liberty is not so much eternal vigilance as eternal dirt.
authors	creative	general	0	I start drawing, and eventually the characters involve themselves in a situation. Then in the end, I go back and try to cut out most of the preachments.
authors	creative	general	0	I started to work in television for three or four years, in 1954. There was one channel of television, black and white. But it could be entertaining and educational. During the evening they showed important plays, opera or Shakespeare's tragedies.
authors	creative	general	0	I stay out of politics because if I begin thinking too much about politics, I'll probably... drop writing children's books and become a political cartoonist again.
authors	creative	general	0	I stood benumbed. The man was like an electric shock--nothing to hold on to and you don't know what hit you. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I suppose the Valley of the Na, in Always Coming Home, is where I think I'd most like to live; but that's partly because I did live there, all the summers of my childhood. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I suspect that the distinction between a maternal and a paternal instinct is scarcely worth making; the parental instinct, the wish to protect, to further, is not a sex-linked characteristic Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I suspect that the distinction between a maternal and a paternal instinct is scarcely worth making; the parental instinct, the wish to protect, to further, is not a sex-linked characteristic... Le Guin Ursula
authors	creative	general	0	I suspect there are two kinds of novelists. Those who have a point of view and have something to say and then write a novel in order to say that thing, and those of us who write the book in order to find out what we think about that thing.
authors	creative	general	0	I take a lot of flak from the counter-establishment for selling out.
authors	creative	general	0	I talk about gods; I am an atheist. But I am an artist too, and therefore a liar. Distrust everything I say. I am telling the truth. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I tend to avoid fiction about dysfunctional urban middle-class people written in the present tense. This makes it hard to find a new novel, sometimes. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I think America is just so in love with conflict.
authors	creative	general	0	I think I would like to go into modelling. Of course, I don't know how to do it, and wouldn't be any good at it if I did, so I'm going to employ someone to walk the catwalks on my behalf. It would still be me, of course.
authors	creative	general	0	I think a book should be judged 10 years later, after reading and re-reading it.
authors	creative	general	0	I think every professor and writer is in some way an exhibitionist because his or her normal activity is a theatrical one. When you give a lesson the situation is the same as writing a book. You have to capture the attention, the complicity of your audience.
authors	creative	general	0	I think hard times are coming. We will need writers who can remember freedom. Poets, visionaries, the realists of a larger reality. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I think if you have lost a great happiness and try to recall it, you are only asking for sorrow, but if you do not try to dwell on the happiness, sometimes you find it dwelling in your heart and body, silent but sustaining. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	I think in a way, you're doomed, once you can envision something. You're sort of doomed to make it happen. I've found that the moment I can envision leaving a relationship, that's usually the moment that the relationship starts to fall apart.
authors	creative	general	0	I think it does Discworld good if I don't write about it all the time: sometimes you have to get it out of your system.
authors	creative	general	0	I think most old people know that, and many of us try to keep our thinking on the positive side as a matter of self-preservation, as well as dignity, the wish not to end with a prolonged whimper. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	I think my heart always goes out to men at the peak of their celebrity who checked out. There's such an odd, horrible trend in my lifetime for it - Kurt Cobain, David Foster Wallace, Alexander McQueen, Heath Ledger.
authors	creative	general	0	I think of myself as a serious professor who, during the weekend, writes novels.
authors	creative	general	0	I think one cannot be left alive among so many deaths without feeling unendurable shame. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	I think perhaps the most important problem is that we are trying to understand the fundamental workings of the universe via a language devised for telling one another when the best fruit is.
authors	creative	general	0	I think that I am responsible for the death of thousands of things and for the misery of thousands of people, just through the things that I buy and how I live my life, and these are not things that ever deserved to die.
authors	creative	general	0	I think the best thing I ever did with my life was stand up and say I've got Alzheimer's.
authors	creative	general	0	I think the mystery of art lies in this, that artists relationship is essentially with their work not with power, not with profit, not with themselves, not even with their audience. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I think the short story is a very underrated art form. We know that novels deserve respect.
authors	creative	general	0	I think we all have archipelagoes in our minds. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I think we are waiting for an e-book that even non-techies can be comfortable with. From my point of view, the biggest change is that I don't have to spend most of the day printing out and packaging a manuscript. I think I almost miss that.
authors	creative	general	0	I think we shall have trouble learning how to lie, having for so long practiced the art of going round and round the truth without ever lying about it, or reaching it either. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I thought also of another thing between us. Call it trust... That is one of its names. It is a very great thing. Though each of us alone is weak, having that we are strong, stronger than the powers of the dark. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	I thought, shivering, that there are things that outweigh comfort, unless one is an old woman or a cat. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I tried to speak insipidly, yet everything I said seemed to take on a double meaning. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I tried to think about what he had asked me to do, to step so far beyond myself. I found it difficult to think about. It was as if it hung over me, this huge choice I must make, this future I could not imagine. Ursula K. Le Guin, Unlocking the Air and Other Stories
authors	creative	general	0	I use a whole lot of half-assed semicolons; there was one of them just now; that was a semicolon after 'semicolons,' and another one after 'now. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I use your love as a man burns a candle, burns it away, to light his steps. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	I used to live on one candy bar a day - it cost a nickel. I always remember the candy bar was called Payday. That was my payday. And that candy bar tasted so good, at night I would take one bite, and it was so beautiful.
authors	creative	general	0	I walk on the ground and the grounds walked on by me, I breathe the air and change it, I am entirely interconnected with the world. Only Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	I want to write a play. I'd like to do an original musical. I should probably put together a poetry collection.
authors	creative	general	0	I want to write about people I love, and put them into a fictional world spun out of my own mind, not the world we actually have, because the world we actually have does not meet my standards.
authors	creative	general	0	I was a fervent Catholic, and I belonged to the national organizations, even becoming one of the national leaders, until the age of 21, 22.
authors	creative	general	0	I was a very keen reader of science fiction, and during the time I was going to libraries, it was good, written by people who knew their science.
authors	creative	general	0	I was a very keen reader of science fiction.
authors	creative	general	0	I was afraid I'd fail. So I didn't work.' And there it was, plain as a glass of water, the truth, which he had never admitted to himself. Ursula K. Le Guin, Orsinian Tales
authors	creative	general	0	I was alone, with a stranger, inside the walls of a dark palace, in a strange snow-changed city, in the heart of the Ice Age of an alien world. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I was in too much haste, and now have no time left. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	I was once a journalist. And I think of myself as a journalist, and that's it. You tell the truth. I even wrote a book called 'The Truth'.
authors	creative	general	0	I was saving the name of 'Geisel' for the Great American Novel.
authors	creative	general	0	I was the kind of kid whose parents would drop him off at the local town library on their way to work, and I'd go and work my way through the children's area.
authors	creative	general	0	I was willing to believe him that most modern writing was trash, on the evidence that so much old writing was trash; but I didn't put it that way to him. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	I was with you at the beginning of your journey. It is right that I should follow you to its end. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	I will tell my tale as if I told a story, for I was taught as a child on my homeworld that truth is a matter of the imagination. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I wish being a beekeeper, which I am, gave you a free pass on the carbon footprint, but it doesn't.
authors	creative	general	0	I would be married, but I'd have no wife, I would be married to a single life.
authors	creative	general	0	I would define the poetic effect as the capacity that a text displays for continuing to generate different readings, without ever being completely consumed.
authors	creative	general	0	I would say any behavior that is not the status quo is interpreted as insanity, when, in fact, it might actually be enlightenment. Insanity is sorta in the eye of the beholder.
authors	creative	general	0	I write books back to back, and I work very hard on them.
authors	creative	general	0	I write for the same reason I breathe - because if I didn't, I would die.
authors	creative	general	0	I write science fiction because that is what publishers call my books. Left to myself, I should call them novels. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction
authors	creative	general	0	I write what I write.
authors	creative	general	0	I write with all my heart Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I'll agonize over sentences. Mostly because you're trying to create specific effects with sentences, and because there are a number of different voices in the book.
authors	creative	general	0	I'll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it.
authors	creative	general	0	I'll die, you'll die; how could we love each other otherwise? The sun's going to burn out, what else keeps it shining? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	I'll make my report as if I told a story, for I was taught as a child on my homeworld that Truth is a matter of the imagination. Ursula K. LeGuin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I'm a lazy man. With lazy dreams. I need Tai to wake me up, make me vibrate, irritate me. I need my angry woman, my unforgiving friend. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
authors	creative	general	0	I'm a part of it. Not separate from it. I walk on the ground and the ground's walked on by me, I breathe the air and change it, I am entirely interconnected with the world. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	I'm afraid of losing my obscurity. Genuineness only thrives in the dark. Like celery.
authors	creative	general	0	I'm afraid of losing my obscurity. Genuineness only thrives in the dark. Like celery. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	I'm fat, but I'm thin inside... there's a thin man inside every fat man.
authors	creative	general	0	I'm glad a genre writer has got a knighthood, but stunned that it was me.
authors	creative	general	0	I'm never, I hope, stupid enough to believe that Twitter or blogging or any of this stuff is a substitute for actually doing the work or writing a book.
authors	creative	general	0	I'm not really good at fun-to-know, human interest stuff. We're not 'celebrities', whose life itself is a performance. Good or bad or ugly, we are our words. They're what people meet.
authors	creative	general	0	I'm not sure. I'm exceedingly ignorant-" The young man laughed and bowed. "I'm honored!" he said."I've lived here for three years, but haven't yet acquired enough ignorance to be worth mentioning. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	I'm old to be raising a child. And she She obeys me, but only because she wants to." "It's the only justification for obedience," Ged observed. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	I'm one of those writers who tends to be really good at making outlines and sticking to them. I'm very good at doing that, but I don't like it. It sort of takes a lot of the fun out.
authors	creative	general	0	I'm only confrontational with my friends.
authors	creative	general	0	I'm trying to make order out of chaos, trying to find some way of rationalising the horrific things that people do or the way the world is.
authors	creative	general	0	I've always been very curious about fringe cultures where people temporarily adopt a different social model or way of presenting themselves.
authors	creative	general	0	I've always felt that what I have going for me is not my imagination, because everyone has an imagination. What I have is a relentlessly controlled imagination. What looks like wild invention is actually quite carefully calculated.
authors	creative	general	0	I've always thought stand-up comedians were the oral storytellers of our time, because they know rhetoric, they know delivery, they know timing, they know all of these things that you can only learn by telling a story out loud and interacting with an audience.
authors	creative	general	0	I've been looking only at what's to be done next and forgetting why we're doing it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	I've got wide tastes, but I don't like jazz.
authors	creative	general	0	I've heard there are troubles of more than one kind; some come from ahead, and some come from behind. But I've brought a big bat. I'm all ready, you see; now my troubles are going to have troubles with me!
authors	creative	general	0	I've known ambitious people with no aptitude for the thing they did. Most of whom, rather terrifyingly, tended to succeed.
authors	creative	general	0	I've never known anyone who was what he or she seemed; or at least, was only what he or she seemed. People carry worlds within them.
authors	creative	general	0	I've often felt depressed; everyone feels depressed.
authors	creative	general	0	I, who am old, who have done what I must do, who stand in the daylight facing my own death, the end of all possibility, I know that there is only one power that is real and worth the having. And that is the power, not to take, but to accept. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Id like a poster showing two old people with stooped backs and arthritic hands and time-worn faces sitting talking, deep, deep in conversation. And the slogan would be Old Age Is Not for the Young. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Id rather get bad news from an honest man than lies from a flatterer, Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
authors	creative	general	0	Idealism is the noble toga that political gentlemen drape over their will to power.
authors	creative	general	0	Idealism is the noble toga that political gentlemen drape over their will to power. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Ideas devour the ages as men are devoured by their passions. When man is cured, human nature will cure itself perhaps. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	If I can't be beautiful, I want to be invisible.
authors	creative	general	0	If I could wake up in a different place, at a different time, could I wake up as a different person?
authors	creative	general	0	If Im ninety and believe Im forty-five, Im headed for a very bad time trying to get out of the bathtub. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	If Im pushed, I will push back. And Ive been pushed quite a lot. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	If a book told you something when you were fifteen, it will tell you it again when you're fifty, though you may understand it so differently that it seems you're reading a whole new book. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	If a book were written all in numbers, it would be true. It would be just. Nothing said in words ever came out quite even. Ursula K. Le Guina
authors	creative	general	0	If civilization has an opposite, it is war. Of those two things, you have either one, or the other. Not both. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	If civilization has an opposite, it is war. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	If eternity had a season, it would be midsummer. Autumn, winter, spring are all change and passage, but at the height of summer the year stands poised. It's only a passing moment, but even as it passes the heart knows it cannot change. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	If human beings were shown what they're really like, they'd either kill one another as vermin, or hang themselves.
authors	creative	general	0	If human beings were shown what they're really like, they'd either kill one another as vermin, or hang themselves. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	If it wasn't for the fun and money, I really don't know why I'd bother.
authors	creative	general	0	If it were proven that there is no God there would be no religion... But also if it were proven that there is a God, there would be no religion. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	If it were proven that there is no God there would be no religion...But also if it were proven that there is a God, there would be no religion. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	If knowledge can create problems, it is not through ignorance that we can solve them.
authors	creative	general	0	If liberty means anything at all, it means the right to tell people what they do not want to hear.
authors	creative	general	0	If memory remains sound and the thinking mind retains its vigor, an old intelligence may have extraordinary breadth and depth of understanding. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	If my doctor told me I had only six minutes to live, I wouldn't brood. I'd type a little faster.
authors	creative	general	0	If one believes that words are acts, as I do, then one must hold writers responsible for what their words do. Ursula K. Le Guin, Dancing at the Edge of the World: Thoughts on Words, Women, Places
authors	creative	general	0	If only the people who worry about their liabilities would think about the riches they do possess, they would stop worrying.
authors	creative	general	0	If people buy my books for vanity, I consider it a tax on idiocy.
authors	creative	general	0	If piano is the opposite of forte, graceful chitchat with strangers is definitely my piano. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	If somebody writes a book and doesn't care for the survival of that book, he's an imbecile.
authors	creative	general	0	If the government ever imposes a tax on books - and I wouldn't put it past them - I'm in dead trouble.
authors	creative	general	0	If the rowan's roots are shallow, it bears no crown. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	If there are frontiers between the civilized and the barbaric, between the meaningful and the unmeaning, they are not lines on a map nor are they regions of the earth. They are boundaries of the mind alone. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	If there had been zombies on the iceberg when the Titanic hit it, that would have made a much better movie.
authors	creative	general	0	If those who are the enemies of innocent amusements had the direction of the world, they would take away the spring, and youth, the former from the year, the latter from human life. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	If we can prove an afterlife, then we have less pressure to make our physical life last forever.
authors	creative	general	0	If we could but paint with the hand what we see with the eye. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	If we hide, Therru, we feed him. We will eat. And we will starve him. Come with me. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
authors	creative	general	0	If western culture is shown to be rich, it is because, even before the Enlightenment, it has tried to 'dissolve' harmful simplifications through inquiry and the critical mind.
authors	creative	general	0	If women had power what would men be but women who can't bear children? And what would women be but men who can? Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
authors	creative	general	0	If you believe in what you are doing, then let nothing hold you up in your work. Much of the best work of the world has been done against seeming impossibilities. The thing is to get the work done.
authors	creative	general	0	If you believe that words are acts, as I do, then one must hold writers responsible for what their words do Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	If you believe that words are acts, as I do, then one must hold writers responsible for what their words do. Ursula Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	If you can't lick'em, join'em. If it hurts, repeat it. But to praise despair is to condemn delight , to embrace violence is to lose hold of everything else. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	If you can't sleep, then get up and do something instead of lying there worrying. It's the worry that gets you, not the lack of sleep.
authors	creative	general	0	If you don't believe what other people believe, then they'll accuse you of being nihilistic.
authors	creative	general	0	If you don't know what you want, you end up with a lot you don't.
authors	creative	general	0	If you eat your...leafy greens and...develop your abs and blabs...in order to live a long life, that's good, and maybe it will work. But the longer a life is, the more of it will be in old age. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	If you evade suffering you also evade the chance of joy. Pleasure you may get, or pleasures, but you will not be fulfilled. You will not know what it is to come home. Takver Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	If you evade suffering you also evade the chance of joy. Pleasure you may get, or pleasures, but you will not be fulfilled. You will not know what it is to come home. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	If you flee from the things you fear, there's no resolution.
authors	creative	general	0	If you go ahead, if you keep running, wherever you run you will meet danger and evil, for it drives you, it chooses the way you go. You must choose. You must seek what seeks you. You must hunt the hunter. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	If you have embraced a creed which appears to be free from the ordinary dirtiness of politics - a creed from which you yourself cannot expect to draw any material advantage - surely that proves that you are in the right?
authors	creative	general	0	If you play against your own side youll lose the whole game. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	If you start in the pit of despair with these profane, awful things, even a glimmer of hope or awareness is going to occur that's much brighter coming from this dark, awful beginning.
authors	creative	general	0	If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever.
authors	creative	general	0	If you want to be enthusiastic, act enthusiastic.
authors	creative	general	0	If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
authors	creative	general	0	If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive.
authors	creative	general	0	If you want to know who your friends are, get yourself a jail sentence.
authors	creative	general	0	If you want your writing to be taken seriously, don't marry and have kids, and above all, don't die. But if you have to die, commit suicide. They approve of that. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	If you write science fiction you can spell things the way you like, sometimes. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
authors	creative	general	0	If you're losing your soul and you know it, then you've still got a soul left to lose.
authors	creative	general	0	If your strength is only the others weakness, you live in fear, Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
authors	creative	general	0	Ignorance defends itself savagely, and illiteracy, as I well knew, can be shrewd. Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
authors	creative	general	0	Im not dead. I sleep sometimes. Sleep comes very close to death, everyone knows that. The dead walk in dreams, everyone knows that. They come to you alive, and they say things. They walk out of death into the dreams. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Imagination grows by exercise and contrary to common belief is more powerful in the mature than in the young. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Imagination is not a means of making money. It has no place in the vocabulary of profit-making. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	Imagination, working at full strength, can shake us out of our fatal, adoring self-absorption and make us look up and see- with terror or with relief- that the world does not, in fact, belong to us at all. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	In America the imagination is generally looked on as something that might be useful when the TV is out of order. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	In Enlad," said Arren after a while, "we have a story about the boy whose schoolmaster was a stone:' "Aye?... What did he learn?" "Not to ask questions. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	In a State, even a democracy, where power is hierarchic, how can you prevent the storage of information from becoming yet another source of power to the powerfulanother piston in the great machine? Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home
authors	creative	general	0	In absence, presence. In death, life. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	In almost all my work, I try to re-invent Christian images and stories and themes. You'd be amazed by the letters I get from young Christians who recognise this and enjoy it.
authors	creative	general	0	In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this.
authors	creative	general	0	In bed, they made love. Love doesnt just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new. When it was made, they lay in each others arms, holding love, asleep. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	In diversity is life and where there's life there's hope, was the general sum of his creed, a modest one to be sure. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
authors	creative	general	0	In diving to the bottom of pleasure we bring up more gravel than pearls. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	In fact it was, the endless warm drizzle of spring - the ice of Antarctica, falling softly on the heads of the children of those responsible to melting it Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	In fact, while we read a novel, we are insane - bonkers. we believe in the existence of people who aren't there, we hear their voices, we watch the battle of Borodino with them, we may even become Napoleon. Sanity returns (in most cases) when the book is closed. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	In feudal times the aristocracy had sent their sons to university, conferring superiority on the institution. Nowadays it was the other way round: the university conferred superiority on the man. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	In general she had found that the main drawback in being a man was that conversations were less interesting. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
authors	creative	general	0	In his school, Bertrand Russell thought it was better if they had the sex, so they could give their undivided attention to mathematics, which was the main thing.
authors	creative	general	0	In innocence there is no strength against evil [...] but there is strength in it for good. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	In many ways, it was much, much harder to get the first book contract. The hardest thing probably overall has been learning not to trust people, publicists and so forth, implicitly.
authors	creative	general	0	In modern fantasy (literary or governmental), killing people is the usual solution to the so-called war between good and evil. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	In morals, truth is but little prized when it is a mere sentiment, and only attains its full value when realized in the world as fact. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	In my heart, I'm just a kid from the council houses. I can remember the old cottage and my dad coming round with the tin bath. I'm not a rich man.
authors	creative	general	0	In my work, as a writer, I only photograph, in words, what I see.
authors	creative	general	0	In our age there is no such thing as 'keeping out of politics.' All issues are political issues, and politics itself is a mass of lies, evasions, folly, hatred and schizophrenia.
authors	creative	general	0	In our loss and fear we craved the acts of religion, the ceremonies that allow us to admit our helplessness, our dependence on the great forces we do not understand. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	In our time political speech and writing are largely the defense of the indefensible.
authors	creative	general	0	In reading a novel, any novel, we have to know perfectly well that the whole thing is nonsense, and then, while reading, believe every word of it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	In reading a novel, any novel, we have to know perfectly well that the whole thing is nonsense, and then, while reading, believe every world of it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	In so far as one denies what is, one is possessed by what is not, the compulsions, the fantasies, the terrors that flock to fill the void. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	In the United States there's a Puritan ethic and a mythology of success. He who is successful is good. In Latin countries, in Catholic countries, a successful person is a sinner.
authors	creative	general	0	In the airport, luggage-laden people rush hither and yon through endless corridors, like souls to each of whom the devil has furnished a different, inaccurate map of the escape route from hell. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
authors	creative	general	0	In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded.
authors	creative	general	0	In the big, crowded, noisy room where golden suns swam on the walls and the years and Years were told on golden dials, he searched for the alien, the stranger, his wife. Ursula K. Le Guin, Planet of Exile
authors	creative	general	0	In the case of 'Ocean at the End of the Lane,' it's a book about helplessness. It's a book about family, it's a book about being 7 in a world of people who are bigger than you, and more dangerous, and stepping into territory that you don't entirely understand.
authors	creative	general	0	In the latter months of his own long sickness the Master Herbal had taught him much of the healer's lore, and the first lesson and the last of all that lore was this: Heal the wound and cure the illness, but let the dying spirit go. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	In the night one of them cried out aloud, dreaming. The other one reached his arm out sleepily, muttering reassurance, and the blind warm weight of his touch outweighed all fear. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	In this effort to attain security, independence and privacy of course were suspect.... Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	In this he saw that Ogion had been right: the shadow could not draw on his power, so long as he was turned against it. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	In trouble and from darkness you come, Ged, yet your coming is joy to me. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	In war everybody is a prisoner. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
authors	creative	general	0	Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
authors	creative	general	0	Independence was as far as his mind could reach. Yet I think his mind groped further, towards what he could not see, the body's obscure, inalterable dream of mutuality. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Individual science fiction stories may seem as trivial as ever to the blinder critics and philosophers of today - but the core of science fiction, its essence has become crucial to our salvation if we are to be saved at all.
authors	creative	general	0	Infinite are the arguments of mages, Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Injustice makes the rules and courage breaks them. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Instead of worrying about what people say of you, why not spend time trying to accomplish something they will admire.
authors	creative	general	0	Is it any wonder that no truly respectable society has ever trusted its artists? Leguin, Ursula
authors	creative	general	0	Is it the gods who set this fire in our hearts, or do we each make our fierce desire into a god? Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Is the chemical aftertaste the reason why people eat hot dogs, or is it some kind of bonus?
authors	creative	general	0	It comes down to a question of attention: it's difficult to use the Net distractedly, unlike the television or the radio.
authors	creative	general	0	It doesn't have to be the way it is. That is what fantasy says. It doesn't say "Anything goes" --- that's irresponsibility, when two and one make five, or forty-seven... Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	It doesnt make any difference if his end is good; means are all weve got Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	It had never occured to me that thinking and music are so much alike. In fact, you can say music is another way of thinking or maybe thinking is another kind of music. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	It had never occurred to me before that music and thinking are so much alike. In fact you could say music is another way of thinking, or maybe thinking is another kind of music. Ursula K. Le Guin, Very Far Away from Anywhere Else
authors	creative	general	0	It has always been the prerogative of children and half-wits to point out that the emperor has no clothes. But the half-wit remains a half-wit, and the emperor remains an emperor.
authors	creative	general	0	It is a bit embarrassing to have been concerned with the human problem all one's life and find at the end that one has no more to offer by way of advice than 'try to be a little kinder.'
authors	creative	general	0	It is a bit embarrassing to have been concerned with the human problem all one's life and find at the end that one has no more to offer by way of advice than 'try to be a little kinder.' ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	It is a fool's prerogative to utter truths that no one else will speak.
authors	creative	general	0	It is a great deal to ask of a kitten, to defend a man against the armies of the dead. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
authors	creative	general	0	It is a myth of publishers that people want to read easy things.
authors	creative	general	0	It is a terrible thing, this kindness that human beings do not lose. Terrible, because when we are finally naked in the dark and cold, it is all we have. We who are so rich, so full of strength, we end up with that small change. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	It is also true that one can write nothing readable unless one constantly struggles to efface one's own personality. Good prose is like a windowpane.
authors	creative	general	0	It is as absurd to say that a man can't love one woman all the time as it is to say that a violinist needs several violins to play the same piece of music. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	It is change, continuing change, inevitable change, that is the dominant factor in society today. No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.
authors	creative	general	0	It is clear that when you write a story that takes place in the past, you try to show what really happened in those times. But you are always moved by the suspicion that you are also showing something about our contemporary world.
authors	creative	general	0	It is easier to be a lover than a husband for the simple reason that it is more difficult to be witty every day than to say pretty things from time to time. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	It is easy to sit up and take notice, What is difficult is getting up and taking action. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	It is good to have an end to journey toward; but it is the journey that matters, in the end. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	It is good to have an end to journey towards; but it is the journey that matters, in the end. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	It is hard to swear when sex is not dirty and blasphemy does not exist. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	It is hard, I found, to be called traitor. Strange how hard it is, for it's an easy name to call another man; a name that sticks, that fits, that convinces. I was half convinced myself. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	It is not altogether a bad thing to have criminal ancestors. An arsonist grandfather may bequeath one a nose for smelling smoke. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	It is not death that allows us to understand each other, but poetry. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	It is not only the living who are killed in war.
authors	creative	general	0	It is of the nature of idea to be communicated: written, spoken, done. The idea is like grass. It craves light, likes crowds, thrives on crossbreeding, grows better for being stepped on. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	It is often said that before you die your life passes before your eyes. It is in fact true. It's called living.
authors	creative	general	0	It is only in the act of nursing that a woman realizes her motherhood in visible and tangible fashion; it is a joy of every moment. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	It is our suffering that brings us together. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	It is psychologically very hard to go through life without the justification, and the hope, provided by religion.
authors	creative	general	0	It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
authors	creative	general	0	It is sometimes hard to grasp the difference between identifying with one's own roots, understanding people with other roots, and judging what is good or bad.
authors	creative	general	0	It is the mark of a great man that he puts to flight all ordinary calculations. He is at once sublime and touching, childlike and of the race of giants. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	It is the nature of the idea to be communicated, written, spoken, done. The idea is like grass it craves light, likes crowds, thrives on crossbreeding, grows stronger from being stepped on. Ursula Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	It is useless work that darkens the heart. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	It is very hard for evil to take hold of the unconsenting soul. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	It is very seldom, the young man said at last, that dragons ask to do men favours. But it is very common, said the dragon, for cats to play with mice before they kill them. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	It is what it looks like and is called. A jail. it is not a front for something else, not a facade, not a pseudonym. It is real, the real thing, the thing behind the words. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	It is yin and yang. Light is the left hand of darkness... how did it go? Light, dark. Fear, courage. Cold, warmth. Female, male. It is yourself, Therem. Both and one. A shadow on snow. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	It isn't changing around from place to place that keeps you lively. It's getting time on your side. Working with it, not against it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about.
authors	creative	general	0	It occurred to me that at one point it was like I had two diseases - one was Alzheimer's, and the other was knowing I had Alzheimer's.
authors	creative	general	0	It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
authors	creative	general	0	It seems sensible to me that we should look to the medical profession, that over the centuries has helped us to live longer and healthier lives, to help us die peacefully among our loved ones in our own home without a long stay in God's waiting room.
authors	creative	general	0	It seems that when you have cancer you are a brave battler against the disease, but when you have Alzheimer's you are an old fart. That's how people see you. It makes you feel quite alone.
authors	creative	general	0	It takes a while to spoil a world, but it can be done. Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
authors	creative	general	0	It takes more than capital to swing business. You've got to have the A. I. D. degree to get by - Advertising, Initiative, and Dynamics.
authors	creative	general	0	It takes two to make a murder. There are born victims, born to have their throats cut, as the cut-throats are born to be hanged.
authors	creative	general	0	It takes two to make a murder. There are born victims, born to have their throats cut, as the cut-throats are born to be hanged. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	It was an ugly face, pale, coarse, and cruel, but Ged feared no man, though he might fear where such a man would guide him. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	It was easy to share when there was enough, even barely enough, to go round. But when there was not enough? Then force entered in; might making right; power, and its tool violence, and its most devoted ally, the averted eye. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	It was not in Raj Lyubov's nature to think, "What can I do?" Character and training disposed him not to interfere in other men's business. His job was to find out what they did, and his inclination was to let them go on doing it. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous.
authors	creative	general	0	It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	It was the idea of writing with a specific audience in mind or a specific age of reader that scared me off. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	It wasn't Juju this time, it might be that bigdome Gosse, or any of them; no difference; they all bleated baa. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
authors	creative	general	0	It would be curious to know what leads a man to become a stationer rather than a baker, when he is no longer compelled, as among the Egyptians, to succeed to his father's craft. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	It's a given that we exist in a world where we have to live in continuity every day; no one is immune to that, in life or romance novels. By the same token, it's not something I find terribly important.
authors	creative	general	0	It's a queer business, making oneself blind. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
authors	creative	general	0	It's a rare gift, to know where you need to be, before you've been to all the places you don't need to be. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	It's a wonderful thing, as a writer, to be given parameters and walls and barriers.
authors	creative	general	0	It's not a bad thing for a writer not to feel at home. Writers - we're much more comfortable at parties standing in the corner watching everybody else having a good time than we are mingling.
authors	creative	general	0	It's not death that allows us to understand one another, but poetry. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	It's not morbid to talk about death. Most people don't worry about death, they worry about a bad death.
authors	creative	general	0	It's not worth doing something unless you were doing something that someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing.
authors	creative	general	0	It's possible to love a human being if you don't know them too well.
authors	creative	general	0	It's useful to go out of this world and see it from the perspective of another one.
authors	creative	general	0	It's when he gets so, you know, like he has to control everything or everything will be out of control, I get sort of out of control. Ursula K. Le Guin, Another Story or a Fisherman of the Inland Sea
authors	creative	general	0	It's when you begin to lie to yourself in a poem in order to simply make a poem, that you fail.
authors	creative	general	0	It's with bad sentiments that one makes good novels.
authors	creative	general	0	It's with bad sentiments that one makes good novels. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Its a good place for a child, the woods. You dont learn much about people, but you learn silence. Patience. And that theres nothing much to fear in the wildernessless than there is on a farm or in the city. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Its always easier not to think for oneself. Find a nice safe hierarchy and settle in. Dont make changes, dont risk disapproval, dont upset your syndics. Its always easiest to let yourself be governed. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	Its queer that daylights not enough. We need the shadows, in order to walk. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Jag skulle inte be en sjuk man att lpa kapplopp", sa Sparvhk. "Inte heller skulle jag lgga sten p en rygg som redan var fr tungt lastad". Det framgick inte tydligt om han tnkte p sig sjlv eller p vrlden i stort. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Jo Walton: Among Others Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	Joan of Arc had style. Jesus had style.
authors	creative	general	0	John Dalton's records, carefully preserved for a century, were destroyed during the World War II bombing of Manchester. It is not only the living who are killed in war.
authors	creative	general	0	Jos Saramago Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	Journalism makes you think fast. You have to speak to people in all walks of life. Especially local journalism.
authors	creative	general	0	Joyce is a poet and also an elephantine pedant.
authors	creative	general	0	Judgement is poverty. Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home
authors	creative	general	0	Justice is in the hands of the gods, an old poet wrote, mortal hands hold only mercy and the sword. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	Justice, mercy, does Mars care for them? Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Karde bile rahatlatamaz insan kt saatte, karanlkta, duvarn dibinde. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Kings are quick to punish, it relieves their anxiety. Ursula Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Knowing that you are going to die is, I suspect, the beginning of wisdom.
authors	creative	general	0	Konserler: bir vahiydi sanki, cokudan gelen bir aknlkt. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Krbalarn, para ve yolculuk hakk iin krekilik yapanlarn srtna hi indirmiyorlard, ama kimisi krbalanan, kimisi de krbalanmayan bir mrettebat arasnda pek arkadalk ortam oluturulamazd. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	La libertad es una carga pesada, extraa y abrumadora para el espritu que ha de llevarla. No es cmoda. No es un regalo que se recibe, sino una eleccin que se hace, y la eleccin puede ser difcil. Ursula K. Le Guin, Las Tumbas de Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	La libertad se apoya ms sin duda en la franqueza que en la ocultacin, y la libertad siempre merece que se corra el riesgo. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	La libertad se apoya ms, sin duda, en la franqueza que en la ocultacin, y la libertad siempre merece que se corra el riesgo Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	La luz es la mano de la izquierda de la oscuridad, y la oscuridad es la mano derecha de la luz. Las dos son una, vida y muerte, juntas como amantes en kmmer, como manos unidas, como el trmino y el camino (p. 256). Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	La luz es la mano izquierda de la oscuridad, y la oscuridad es la mano derecha de la luz; las dos son una, vida y muerte, juntas como amantes Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	La vida es posible slo a causa de esa permanente e intolerable incertidumbre: no conocer lo que vendr. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Laime ir saistta ar loisko prtu, un tikai prts spj to novrtt. Man tika tas, ko cilvks nevar ne nopelnt, ne paturt, un biei vien pat nepazins saemanas brd, - sirds prieks. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Lanet olsun! dedi yksek sesle. Pravca, kfr etmek iin iyi bir dil deildi. Cinsellik pis bir ey olmaynca, gnaha girme diye bir ey de olmaynca kfretmek zordur. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Language ought to be the joint creation of poets and manual workers.
authors	creative	general	0	Laws are made against the impulse a people most fears in itself. Do not kill was the Shing's vaunted single Law. All else was permitted: which meant, perhaps, there was little else they really wanted to do... Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	Laws are spider webs through which the big flies pass and the little ones get caught. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Le Guins Rule: One person cannot do two fulltime jobs, but two persons can do three fulltime jobs if they honestly share the work. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
authors	creative	general	0	Legends of prediction are common throughout the whole Household of Man. God speaks, spirits speak, computers speak. Oracular ambiguity or statistical probability provides loopholes, and discrepancies are expunged by Faith. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Lendas sobre previses so comuns em toda a Famlia Humana. Deuses falam, espritos falam, computadores falam. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Mo Esquerda da Escurido
authors	creative	general	0	Let age be age. Let your old relative or old friend be who they are. Denial serves nothing, no one, no purpose. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Let no one else use you, Mr. Ai, the king was saying. Keep clear of factions. Tell your own lies, do your own deeds. And trust no one. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Let us do without soldiers. The joy built upon successful slaughter is not the right kind of joy; it will not do; it is fearful and it is trivial. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
authors	creative	general	0	Let us remember that sorrow alone is the creator of great things. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	Liberal: a power worshipper without power.
authors	creative	general	0	Libraries can take the place of God.
authors	creative	general	0	Life - and I don't suppose I'm the first to make this comparison - is a disease: sexually transmitted, and invariably fatal.
authors	creative	general	0	Life in the auntring, or for a settled man, is repetitive, as I said; and so it can be dull. Nothing new happens. The mind always wants new happenings. Ursula K. Le Guin, Solitude
authors	creative	general	0	Life is a fight, and the strongest wins. All civilization does is hide the blood and cover up the hate with pretty words! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	Life is always going to be stranger than fiction, because fiction has to be convincing, and life doesn't.
authors	creative	general	0	Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome.
authors	creative	general	0	Life loves to know itself, out to its furthest limits; to embrace complexity is its delight. Our difference is our beauty. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters
authors	creative	general	0	Life rises out of death, death rises out of life, in being opposite they yearn to each other, they give birth to each other and are forever reborn. And with them all is reborn, the flower of the apple tree, the light of the stars. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Light is the left hand of darkness and darkness is the right hand of light. Two are one, life and death, lying together like lovers in kemmer, like hands joined together, like the end and the way. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Light is the left hand of darkness and darkness the right hand of light. Two are one, life and death, lying together like lovers in kemmer, like hands joined together, like the end and the way. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Light is the left hand of darkness. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong. No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it.
authors	creative	general	0	Like all walls it was ambiguous, two faced. What was inside it and what was outside it depended upon which side you were on. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Like all walls it was ambiguous, two-faced. What was inside it and what was outside it depended upon which side of it you were on. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	Like every man of sense and good feeling, I abominate work.
authors	creative	general	0	Like every man of sense and good feeling, I abominate work. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Like every other good thing in this world, leisure and culture have to be paid for. Fortunately, however, it is not the leisured and the cultured who have to pay.
authors	creative	general	0	Like every other good thing in this world, leisure and culture have to be paid for. Fortunately, however, it is not the leisured and the cultured who have to pay. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Like some kind of particularly tenacious vampire the short story refuses to die, and seems at this point in time to be a wonderful length for our generation.
authors	creative	general	0	Little children are stoical. They cry over bumps, but they take the big things as they come, they don't whine like so many adults. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Living, being in the world, was a much greater and stranger thing than she had ever dreamed. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	Llor por los aos que haba perdido esclavizada a un mal intil. Lloraba de dolor, porque era libre. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	Los buenos terminan triunfando. O quiz los triunfadores terminan siendo los buenos? Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Loss of face for the Commensals, caught lying. You will be a treasure, a long-lost hearth-brother, to King Argaven, Genry. For a while. You must send for your Star Ship at once, at the first chance you get. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; re-made all the time, made new. When it was made, they lay in each other's arms, holding love, asleep. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Love doesnt just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; remade all the time, made new. When Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Love has its own instinct, finding the way to the heart, as the feeblest insect finds the way to its flower, with a will which nothing can dismay nor turn aside. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Love is a game in which one always cheats. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Love is the poetry of the senses. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Love may be or it may not, but where it is, it ought to reveal itself in its immensity. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Love or hatred must constantly increase between two persons who are always together; every moment fresh reasons are found for loving or hating better. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Love that wants only to get, to possess, is a monstrous thing Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters
authors	creative	general	0	Lovecraft dangles like a rabbit from the jaws of his unconscious. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Lovers have a way of using this word, nothing, which implies exactly the opposite. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Low pay generally means harder work under worse conditions.
authors	creative	general	0	Make good art.
authors	creative	general	0	Man approaches the unattainable truth through a succession of errors.
authors	creative	general	0	Man approaches the unattainable truth through a succession of errors. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Man is an intelligence in servitude to his organs.
authors	creative	general	0	Man is an intelligence in servitude to his organs. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Man is the only creature that consumes without producing. He does not give milk, he does not lay eggs, he is too weak to pull the plough, he cannot run fast enough to catch rabbits. Yet he is lord of all the animals.
authors	creative	general	0	Man makes holy what he believes. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	Man's singularity is his divinity. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Manhood is patience. Mastery is nine time patience Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Mankind is not likely to salvage civilization unless he can evolve a system of good and evil which is independent of heaven and hell.
authors	creative	general	0	Manners are the hypocrisy of a nation. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Many men are deeply moved by the mere semblance of suffering in a woman; they take the look of pain for a sign of constancy or of love. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Many people genuinely do not want to be saints, and it is probable that some who achieve or aspire to sainthood have never felt much temptation to be human beings.
authors	creative	general	0	Many people who no longer go to church end up falling prey to superstition.
authors	creative	general	0	Marriage must incessantly contend with a monster that devours everything: familiarity. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Masochism is a valuable job skill.
authors	creative	general	0	Maybe Christmas, the Grinch thought, doesn't come from a store.
authors	creative	general	0	Maybe humans are just the pet alligators that God flushed down the toilet.
authors	creative	general	0	Maybe this world is another planet's hell.
authors	creative	general	0	Maybe this world is another planet's hell. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Maybe we have to break everything to make something better out of ourselves.
authors	creative	general	0	Maybe when you meet the people you are supposed to meet you know it, without knowing it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Very Far Away from Anywhere Else
authors	creative	general	0	Meaning - this is perhaps the common note, the bane I am seeking. What is the Meaning of this book, this event in the book, this story ... ? Tell me what it Means. But that is not my job, honey. That's your job. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Meaning in art isnt the same as meaning in science. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Meanwhile, fears of universal disaster sank to an all time low over the world.
authors	creative	general	0	Media populism means appealing to people directly through media. A politician who can master the media can shape political affairs outside of parliament and even eliminate the mediation of parliament.
authors	creative	general	0	Meeting authors is kind of the death of the characters. That is always heartbreaking.
authors	creative	general	0	Men are destroyed for being rebellious, and women destroy themselves by failing to be rebellious. Unless you can make that next jump to either getting along with people or resisting people, you are ultimately destroying yourself.
authors	creative	general	0	Men are only as good as their technical development allows them to be.
authors	creative	general	0	Men can only be happy when they do not assume that the object of life is happiness.
authors	creative	general	0	Men die in despair, while spirits die in ecstasy. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Men do not learn much from the lessons of history and that is the most important of all the lessons of history.
authors	creative	general	0	Men do not learn much from the lessons of history and that is the most important of all the lessons of history. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Men of age object too much, consult too long, adventure too little, repent too soon, and seldom drive business home to the full period, but content themselves with a mediocrity of success.
authors	creative	general	0	Men want to make the best use of time and want to see how something can inform them and give them a stronger sense of power.
authors	creative	general	0	Minne oppaani ystvllisyydessn minut johdattavat, / Min seuraan, seuraan kevyesti / eik tomuun taaksemme / j ainuttakaan jalanjlke. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	Modesty is the conscience of the body. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Money is an unavoidable consequence, but it isn't the reason I write; if it was, I wouldn't have written any of the YA books, because advances in that field are small compared to what I'd got now for an 'adult' DW.
authors	creative	general	0	Most bigots are sincere. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	Most gods throw dice, but Fate plays chess, and you don't find out til too late that he's been playing with two queens all along.
authors	creative	general	0	Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted.
authors	creative	general	0	Most human beings have an almost infinite capacity for taking things for granted. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Most ignorance is vincible ignorance. We don't know because we don't want to know.
authors	creative	general	0	Most ignorance is vincible ignorance. We don't know because we don't want to know. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Most novels, I find, are three times longer than they need to be. Very little happens, and I don't want to waste my time with them.
authors	creative	general	0	Most of one's life is one prolonged effort to prevent oneself thinking.
authors	creative	general	0	Most of one's life is one prolonged effort to prevent oneself thinking. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
authors	creative	general	0	Most of us have far more courage than we ever dreamed we possessed.
authors	creative	general	0	Most people get a fair amount of fun out of their lives, but on balance life is suffering, and only the very young or the very foolish imagine otherwise.
authors	creative	general	0	Much publishing is done through politics, friends, and natural stupidity.
authors	creative	general	0	My advice to young writers is, if you cant marry money, at least dont marry envy. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
authors	creative	general	0	My books are all fantastically sentimental.
authors	creative	general	0	My days, my years, my life has seen up and downs, lights and darknesses. If I wrote only and continually of the 'light' and never mentioned the other, then as an artist, I would be a liar.
authors	creative	general	0	My dogs have barked at a beggar tonight and he proves a prince of starlight. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	My enemies must nominate themselves; I have no interest at all in making, finding, or knowing them. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	My experience in Amsterdam is that cyclists ride where the hell they like and aim in a state of rage at all pedestrians while ringing their bell loudly, the concept of avoiding people being foreign to them.
authors	creative	general	0	My fate cannot be mastered; it can only be collaborated with and thereby, to some extent, directed. Nor am I the captain of my soul; I am only its noisiest passenger.
authors	creative	general	0	My fate cannot be mastered; it can only be collaborated with and thereby, to some extent, directed. Nor am I the captain of my soul; I am only its noisiest passenger. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	My father considered a walk among the mountains as the equivalent of churchgoing.
authors	creative	general	0	My father considered a walk among the mountains as the equivalent of churchgoing. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	My father was an accountant and his father was a typographer.
authors	creative	general	0	My favorite books to give or get are short story collections. And always paperbacks because they are easy to carry as you travel.
authors	creative	general	0	My grandfather had a particularly important influence on my life, even though I didn't visit him often, since he lived about three miles out of town and he died when I was six. He was remarkably curious about the world, and he read lots of books.
authors	creative	general	0	My great-aunt. . . . said nobody under 18 had any business reading Dickens. . . . She was right. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader and the Imagination
authors	creative	general	0	My guiltiest pleasure is Harry Stephen Keeler. He may have been the greatest bad writer America has ever produced. Or perhaps the worst great writer. I do not know. There are few faults you can accuse him of that he is not guilty of. But I love him.
authors	creative	general	0	My imagination makes me human and makes me a fool; it gives me all the world and exiles me from it. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	My lord, do nothing because it is righteous or praiseworthy or noble to do so; do nothing because it seems good to do so; do only that which you must do and which you cannot do in any other way. There Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	My love is a hummingbird sitting that quiet moment on the bough, as the same cat crouches.
authors	creative	general	0	My maternal grandmother - she was a compulsive reader. She had only been through five grades of elementary school, but she was a member of the municipal library, and she brought home two or three books a week for me. They could be dime novels or Balzac.
authors	creative	general	0	My mother was mad, but I was not. My father was old, but I was young. Like Spartan Helen, I caused a war. She caused hers by letting men who wanted her take her. I caused mine because I wouldnt be given, wouldnt be taken, but chose my man and my fate. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	My only writing ritual is to shave my head bald between writing the first and second drafts of a book. If I can throw away all my hair, then I have the freedom to trash any part of the book on the next rewrite.
authors	creative	general	0	My own books drive themselves. I know roughly where a book is going to end, but essentially the story develops under my fingers. It's just a matter of joining the dots.
authors	creative	general	0	My parents divorced about the same time the movie 'The Parent Trap' came out, about two twins at camp who scheme to get their parents back together. I had that same fantasy.
authors	creative	general	0	My soul is ten thousand miles wide and extremely invisibly deep. It is the same size as the sea, and you cannot, you cannot cram it into beer cans and fingernails and stake it out in lots and own it. It will drown you all and never even notice. Ursula K. Le Guin, Searoad
authors	creative	general	0	My species has a great many good reasons for making war, though none of them is as good as the reason for not making war. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
authors	creative	general	0	My stuff gets published in some countries as fiction and in some countries as fantasy. It's just where they think it will do best in the bookshops.
authors	creative	general	0	My teacher Tom Spanbauer, the man who got me started writing in his workshop, used to say: 'Writers write because they weren't invited to a party.' That always struck so true, and people always nod their heads when they hear that. Especially writers.
authors	creative	general	0	My theory on genre is that while there are people out there who believe that genre tells people what to read, actually I believe that genre exists as a marketing tool to tell you what to avoid.
authors	creative	general	0	My thought is that the average adjusted boy is, if anything, more humanly wasted than the disaffected. So let us go on to discuss his stupidity, his lack of patriotism, his sexual confusion, and his lack of faith.
authors	creative	general	0	My writing is jagged and harsh, I want it to remain that way; I don't want it smoothed out.
authors	creative	general	0	My writing process isn't a very organized thing.
authors	creative	general	0	Myths which are believed in tend to become true.
authors	creative	general	0	Narrativity presumes a special taste for plot. And this taste for plot was always very present in the Anglo-Saxon countries and that explains their high quality of detective novels.
authors	creative	general	0	Nationalism is power hunger tempered by self-deception.
authors	creative	general	0	Nature makes only dumb animals. We owe the fools to society. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Negare il passato significa negare il futuro. Un uomo non costruisce il proprio destino. Lo accetta o lo contrasta. Ursula K. Le Guin, La saga di Terramare
authors	creative	general	0	Neither anger nor hope served any purpose. Nor grief. It was not the time for grief yet. Rekam was here with them, and they would delight in him as long as he was here. As long as his life. He is my great gift. You do hold my joy. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Neither grief nor pride had so much truth in them as did joy, the joy that trembled in the cold wind between sky and sea, bright and brief as fire. Ursula K. Le Guin, Planet of Exile
authors	creative	general	0	Neither of my parents went to church, but they did everything that you needed to do to be Christian. That's something a Quaker would call an intimation of the divine.
authors	creative	general	0	Never envy a man his lady. Behind it all lays a living hell.
authors	creative	general	0	Never get out of bed before noon.
authors	creative	general	0	Never let your sense of morals get in the way of doing what's right.
authors	creative	general	0	Never trust any complicated cocktail that remains perfectly clear until the last ingredient goes in, and then immediately clouds.
authors	creative	general	0	No advance in wealth, no softening of manners, no reform or revolution has ever brought human equality a millimeter nearer.
authors	creative	general	0	No darkness lasts forever. And even there, there are stars. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	No entendan que uno tiene que ponerse del lado de los ganadores, o perder. Y es el hombre el que gana, siempre. El viejo conquistador. Ursula K. Le Guin, Los mundos de Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	No good has ever come from feeling guilty, neither intelligence, policy, nor compassion. The guilty do not pay attention to the object but only to themselves, and not even to their own interests, which might make sense, but to their anxieties.
authors	creative	general	0	No idea can succeed except at the expense of sacrifice; no one ever escapes without enduring strain from the struggle of life. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	No man should marry until he has studied anatomy and dissected at least one woman. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	No man, no power, can bind the action of wizardry or still the words of power. For they are the very words of Making, and one who could silence them could unmake the world. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	No matter how humble the spirit its offered in, a sermon is an act of aggression. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	No need to try to find it," said Unroy. "The sacredness is there. In the truth, the pain, the beauty. So that the telling of it is sacred. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	No one can look back on his schooldays and say with truth that they were altogether unhappy.
authors	creative	general	0	No one else, no thing even, has an existence of its own for him; he sees the world only as a means to his end. It doesnt make any difference if his end is good; means are all weve got Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	No one's policing their own minds more than an author. You spend a lot of time in your own head analysing what you think about things, and a philosophy comes.
authors	creative	general	0	No sensible decision can be made any longer without taking into account not only the world as it is, but the world as it will be.
authors	creative	general	0	No sirve de nada tener una respuesta cuando la pregunta est equivocada. Ursula K. Le Guin, Los mundos de Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	No sou servo de ningum. Um homem deve projetar a prpria sombra... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	No wizardry would serve him now, but only his own flesh, his life itself, against the unliving. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	No, I don't mean love, when I say patriotism. I mean fear. The fear of the other. And its expressions are political, not poetical: hate, rivalry, aggression. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	No, I don't understand him, but he is worth listening to. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	No, I dont mean love, when I say patriotism. I mean fear. The fear of the other. And its expressions are political, not poetical: hate, rivalry, aggression. It grows in us, that fear. It grows in us year by year. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	No-mind is an evil place for mind to stay. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	Nobody loves a woman because she is handsome or ugly, stupid or intelligent. We love because we love. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Nobody owns anything to rob. . . . As for violence . . . Oiie, would you murder me, ordinarily? And if you felt like it, would a law against it stop you? Coercion is the least efficient means of obtaining order. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Nobody who says, I told you so has ever been, or will ever be, a hero. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Nobody's told me anything to date that I've been completely reviled by.
authors	creative	general	0	None of this is spare time. I cant spare it. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Not all roads that lead down lead up as well. Ursula K. Le Guin, Rocannon's World
authors	creative	general	0	Not even need and love can defeat fate, Lavinia. Aeneas' gift is to know his fate, what he must do, and do it. In spite of need. In spite of love. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Not even need and love can defeat fate... Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Not to expose your true feelings to an adult seems to be instinctive from the age of seven or eight onwards.
authors	creative	general	0	Nothing I can say or devise, and nothing anybody else can say or devise, is going to be perfect.
authors	creative	general	0	Nothing gives a fearful man more courage than another's fear.
authors	creative	general	0	Nothing is a greater impediment to being on good terms with others than being ill at ease with yourself. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Nothing is boring if you are aware of it. It may be irritating, but it is not boring. If it is pleasant the pleasure will not fail so long as you are aware of it. Being aware is the hardest work the soul can do, I think. Ursula K. Le Guin, Solitude
authors	creative	general	0	Nothing is yours. It is to use. It is to share. If you will not share it, you cannot use it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Nothing remains the same from one moment to the next, you cant step into the same river twice. Life evolution the whole universe of space/time, matter/energy existence itself is essentially change. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Nothing said in words ever came out quite even. Things in words got twisted and ran together, instead of staying straight and fitting together. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Novelists probably talk less than any other kind of artist about beauty, because the word is seldom used to describe what they make. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	Nr vi vat ngot blir vra handlingar starka och nr djupt. Nr vi inte knner rtta kursen blir vi frvirrade. Gr vilse, frslsar vrt arv. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Oceania was at war with Eurasia; therefore Oceania had always been at war with Eurasia.
authors	creative	general	0	Odo said it all her life. 'Only peace brings peace, only just acts bring justice! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Of course it happened. An effective dream is a reality, Dr. Haber. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Of course there is no veneer, the process is one of growth, and primitiveness and civilization are degrees of the same thing. If civilization has an opposite, it is war. Of those two things, you have either one, or the other. Not both. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Of course there is no veneer, the process is one of growth, and primitiveness and civilization are degrees of the same thing. If civilization has an opposite, it is war. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Official dignity tends to increase in inverse ratio to the importance of the country in which the office is held.
authors	creative	general	0	Official dignity tends to increase in inverse ratio to the importance of the country in which the office is held. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Often I sort of work up and down the manuscript. I sometimes used to go ahead of myself to see what was going to happen next, to make certain it fits what was going to be happening soon.
authors	creative	general	0	Oh Lavinia, Lavinia, you are worth ten Camillas. And I never saw it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Oh, Hank," Susan whispered, "their wings are furry." "Oh, James," Harriet whispered, "their hands are kind. Ursula K. Le Guin, Catwings
authors	creative	general	0	Oh, never and forever aren't for mortals, love. But we won't be parted till I know it's right that we part. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Oh, tweeting prolifically is the most easy thing in the world. Tweeting prolifically is like somebody saying, 'Boy, you're a really good walker around,' you know. It's not really hard.
authors	creative	general	0	Old Age Is Not for the Young. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Old age generally involves pain and danger and inevitably ends in death. The acceptance of that takes courage. Courage deserves respect. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Old age isnt a state of mind. Its an existential situation. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Old maids, having never bent their temper or their lives to other lives and other tempers, as woman's destiny requires, have for the most part a mania for making everything about them bend to them. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	On a world where a common table implement is a little device with which you crack the ice that has formed on your drink between drafts, hot beer is a thing you come to appreciate. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	On the whole, human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time.
authors	creative	general	0	On top of pique, umbrage, and ennui. Oh, the French diseases of the soul. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Once I start writing, I can't stop.
authors	creative	general	0	Once religion has been dismissed by primarily an intellectual class of people, we lose the really useful social functions of religion... What replaces it might be worse than what we throw away.
authors	creative	general	0	One alien is a curiosity, two are an invasion. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	One can be a great poet and be politically stupid.
authors	creative	general	0	One can love a child, perhaps, more deeply than one can love another adult, but it is rash to assume that the child feels any love in return.
authors	creative	general	0	One cannot really be a Catholic and grown up.
authors	creative	general	0	One day is the day for moving on, and overnight, the next day, there is no more good in moving on, because you have come where you were going to. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Unreal and the Real: The Selected Short Stories of Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes a revolution in order to establish a dictatorship.
authors	creative	general	0	One is respected and judged only as a human being. It is an appalling experience. Back Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	One keeps oneself neat out of mere decency mere sanity, awareness of other people. And finally even that goes, and one dribbles unashamed. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Day Before the Revolution
authors	creative	general	0	One of our finest methods of organized forgetting is called discovery. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	One of the great attractions of patriotism - it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous.
authors	creative	general	0	One of the great attractions of patriotism - it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	One of the most tragic things I know about human nature is that all of us tend to put off living. We are all dreaming of some magical rose garden over the horizon instead of enjoying the roses that are blooming outside our windows today.
authors	creative	general	0	One should believe in marriage as in the immortality of the soul. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	One thing I really envy about my friends who have kids is that as their children develop, they're able to revisit their own developmental stages and recognise themselves and undo a lot of things they decided.
authors	creative	general	0	One thing that writers have in common is that they are readers first. They have read lots and lots of stuff, because they're just infested with lots of stuff.
authors	creative	general	0	One voice speaking truth is a greater force than fleets and armies, given time; plenty of time; Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	One voice speaking truth is a greater force than fleets and armies... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Onlardan korkuyorsun nk lmden korkuyorsun hakl olarak: nk lm lm korkuntur ve lmden korkmak gerekir... Ve yaam da korkun bir eydir... ve yaamdan hem korkulmal hem de yaam vlmelidir. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Only in our dreams are we free. The rest of the time we need wages.
authors	creative	general	0	Only in silence the word, Only in dark the light, Only in dying life: Bright the hawk's flight On the empty sky. The Creation of a Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Only in silence the word, only in dark the light, only in dying life: bright the hawk's flight on the empty sky. The Creation of a Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Only in silence the word, only in dark the light, only in dying life: bright the hawk's flight on the empty sky. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Only pain is intellectual, only evil interesting. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
authors	creative	general	0	Only shadow can fight shadow.Only darkness can defeat the dark. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Only shadow can fight shadow.Only darkness can defeath the dark. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Only the prepared speaker deserves to be confident.
authors	creative	general	0	Only through destroying myself can I discover the greater power of my spirit.
authors	creative	general	0	Only what is mortal bears life, Arren. Only in death is there rebirth. The Balance is not a stillness. it is a movement--an eternal becoming. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Only you can control your future.
authors	creative	general	0	Opera happens because a large number of things amazingly fail to go wrong.
authors	creative	general	0	Opinion all too often leaves no room for anything but itself. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Oponerse a la vulgaridad es inevitablemente ser vulgar. Hay que ir a alguna otra parte; hay que tener otra meta; entonces el camino es distinto. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Oracular ambiguity or statistical probability provides loopholes, and discrepancies are expunged by Faith. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Orr had a tendency to assume that people knew what they were doing, perhaps because he generally assumed that he did not. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Orr slept. He dreamed. There was no rub. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Orrs gods were nameless and unenvious, asking neither worship nor obedience. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Orrs gods were nameless and unenvious, asking neither worship nor obedience. Yet Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Orthodoxy is the diehard of the world of thought. It learns not, neither can it forget.
authors	creative	general	0	Orthodoxy is the diehard of the world of thought. It learns not, neither can it forget. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Other people's stories may become part of your own, the foundation of it, the ground it goes on. Ursula K. LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	Our Generation has had no Great war, no Great Depression. Our war is spiritual. Our depression is our lives.
authors	creative	general	0	Our border now is no line between two hills, but the line our planet makes in circling the Sun. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Our fatigue is often caused not by work, but by worry, frustration and resentment.
authors	creative	general	0	Our finest method of organized forgetting is called discovery. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Our life is full of empty space.
authors	creative	general	0	Our most bitter enemies are our own kith and kin. Kings have no brothers, no sons, no mother! ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Our most noted satirists are true columnists, and their opinions can be worth more than any well-documented expose.
authors	creative	general	0	Our opinions become fixed at the point where we stop thinking. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	Our souls are old, often used before. The knife outlasts the hand that holds it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home
authors	creative	general	0	Outside the locked room is the landscape of time, in which the spirit may, with luck and courage, construct the fragile, makeshift, improbable roads and cities of fidelity: a landscape inhabitable by human beings. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Over the centuries, mankind has tried many ways of combating the forces of evil... prayer, fasting, good works and so on. Up until Doom, no one seemed to have thought about the double-barrel shotgun. Eat leaden death, demon.
authors	creative	general	0	Owning is owing, having is hoarding. Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home
authors	creative	general	0	Paradise is for those who make Paradise. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that, once it is competently programmed and working smoothly, it is completely honest.
authors	creative	general	0	Part of the reason for the ugliness of adults, in a child's eyes, is that the child is usually looking upwards, and few faces are at their best when seen from below.
authors	creative	general	0	Partly because I get such astonishingly nice fans.
authors	creative	general	0	Passion is universal humanity. Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Past events exist, after all, only in memory, which is a form of imagination. The event is real now, but once its then, its continuing reality is entirely up to us, dependent on our energy and honesty. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Pasternaks Doctor Zhivago Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	Patriotism is usually stronger than class hatred, and always stronger than internationalism.
authors	creative	general	0	Peace above all, until the War comes... Ursula K. Le Guin, Rocannon's World
authors	creative	general	0	People are tired of simple things. They want to be challenged.
authors	creative	general	0	People had huddled back into the old core of the city; and once the suburbs had been looted, they burned. Like Moscow in 1812, acts of God or vandalism: they were no longer wanted, and they burned. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	People have to really suffer before they can risk doing what they love.
authors	creative	general	0	People intoxicate themselves with work so they won't see how they really are.
authors	creative	general	0	People intoxicate themselves with work so they won't see how they really are. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	People need God the way a three-year-old needs a chainsaw. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
authors	creative	general	0	People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.
authors	creative	general	0	People sleep peaceably in their beds at night only because rough men stand ready to do violence on their behalf.
authors	creative	general	0	People used what they called a telephone because they hated being close together and they were scared of being alone.
authors	creative	general	0	People who deny the existence of dragons are often eaten by dragons. From within. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader and the Imagination
authors	creative	general	0	People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.
authors	creative	general	0	Perhaps I am not as wise as I like to think I am.
authors	creative	general	0	Perhaps it's good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if he's happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life?
authors	creative	general	0	Perhaps it's good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if he's happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life? ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Perhaps the mission of those who love mankind is to make people laugh at the truth, to make truth laugh, because the only truth lies in learning to free ourselves from insane passion for the truth.
authors	creative	general	0	Perhaps women have more complicated selves. They know how to do more than one thing at one time. That comes late to men. If at all. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Pero tan inevitablemente como el futuro se convierte en pasado, el pasado se convierte en futuro. Renegar del pasado no es triunfar. Ursula K. Le Guin, Los mundos de Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Personally, I think the best motto for an educational establishment is: 'Or Would You Rather Be a Mule?'
authors	creative	general	0	Plot exposition that can be gently wound out by the authorial voice and internal monologue of a character in the length of a page has to be delivered in a matter of seconds on the stage.
authors	creative	general	0	Poetry is not a matter of feelings, it is a matter of language. It is language which creates feelings.
authors	creative	general	0	Pois eu tinha me esquecido de tanta luz que h no mundo, at voc devolv-la a mim. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Political chaos is connected with the decay of language... one can probably bring about some improvement by starting at the verbal end.
authors	creative	general	0	Political language... is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.
authors	creative	general	0	Political liberty, the peace of a nation, and science itself are gifts for which Fate demands a heavy tax in blood! ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Portland is quickly becoming one of those lovely, lush Third World countries where kinda-rich people retire with their money.
authors	creative	general	0	Positive thinking founded on denial may not be so great. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Power inheres in a center. You're going to the center. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Power is action; the electoral principle is discussion. No political action is possible when discussion is permanently established. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship.
authors	creative	general	0	Power is not revealed by striking hard or often, but by striking true. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Praise God from whom all blessings flow, including good-natured men. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Pravic was not a good swearing language. It is hard to swear when sex is not dirty and blasphemy does not exist. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	Preachers in pulpits talked about what a great message is in the book. No matter what you do, somebody always imputes meaning into your books.
authors	creative	general	0	Pregnant women have no ethics. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Previous generations understood about death, and undoubtedly would have seen a reasonable amount of death. Once you get into the Victorian era, you might well have seen the funerals of many of your siblings before you were very old.
authors	creative	general	0	Pride kept her from confiding in the other girls, and caution kept her from confessing to the older women. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	Privacy, in fact, was almost as desirable for physics as it was for sex. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Probably the battle of Waterloo was won on the playing-fields of Eton, but the opening battles of all subsequent wars have been lost there.
authors	creative	general	0	Progress is not an illusion, it happens, but it is slow and invariably disappointing.
authors	creative	general	0	Progress means nothing to presence. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Prolonged, indiscriminate reviewing of books is a quite exceptionally thankless, irritating and exhausting job. It not only involves praising trash but constantly inventing reactions towards books about which one has no spontaneous feeling whatever.
authors	creative	general	0	Proverbs are always platitudes until you have personally experienced the truth of them.
authors	creative	general	0	Proverbs are always platitudes until you have personally experienced the truth of them. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Que nuestros enemigos mueran sin hijos dijo el angya gravemente, alzando la copa, que haba vuelto a llenar. Ursula K. Le Guin, Mundos de exilio e ilusin
authors	creative	general	0	Question 14: Are you living your secret desires? Floored again. I finally didnt check Yes, Somewhat, or No, but wrote in I have none, my desires are flagrant. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away.
authors	creative	general	0	Reality means you live until you die. The real truth is nobody wants reality.
authors	creative	general	0	Religion has nothing to do with God. It's a fundamental attitude of human beings, who ask about the origins of life and what happens after death. For many, the answer is a personal god. In my opinion, it's religion that produces God, not the other way round.
authors	creative	general	0	Religion is not a popular error; it is a great instinctive truth, sensed by the people, expressed by the people. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think.
authors	creative	general	0	Ronde, one a live village and the other deserted, as dead as Karnak, Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proved innocent.
authors	creative	general	0	Sanity returns (in most cases) when the book is closed. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Sanki ezelden beri bu sessiz varln yannda, kararmakta olan sessiz bir diyarda yryormu gibi geldi Ged'e. indeki gayret ve dikkat hisleri kreldi. Sanki uzun, ok uzun bir dte, hibir yere doru yryordu. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Science fiction is not predictive; it is descriptive. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Science fiction is not prescriptive; it is descriptive. Ursula K. LeGuin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Science fiction writers foresee the inevitable, and although problems and catastrophes may be inevitable, solutions are not.
authors	creative	general	0	Science fiction writers, I am sorry to say, really do not know anything. We can't talk about science, because our knowledge of it is limited and unofficial, and usually our fiction is dreadful.
authors	creative	general	0	Science has explained nothing; the more we know the more fantastic the world becomes and the profounder the surrounding darkness.
authors	creative	general	0	Science has explained nothing; the more we know the more fantastic the world becomes and the profounder the surrounding darkness. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Se puteau da jos foi dup foi de pe o ceap i totui s nu apar nimic altceva dect tot ceap. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Seen rightly, any situation, even a chaos or a trap would come clear and lead of itself to its one proper outcome: for there is in the long run no disharmony, only misunderstanding, no chance or mischance but only the ignorant eye. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	Self-education is, I firmly believe, the only kind of education there is.
authors	creative	general	0	Self-satisfaction with the inability to remain conscious when faced with printed matter seems misplaced. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wild Girls
authors	creative	general	0	Semiotics is a general theory of all existing languages... all forms of communication - visual, tactile, and so on... There is general semiotics, which is a philosophical approach to this field, and then there are many specific semiotics.
authors	creative	general	0	Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.
authors	creative	general	0	Serious sport is war minus the shooting.
authors	creative	general	0	Seven hundred thousand people who have dementia in this country are not heard. I'm fortunate; I can be heard. Regrettably, it's amazing how people listen if you stand up in public and give away $1 million for research into the disease, as I have done.
authors	creative	general	0	Several excuses are always less convincing than one.
authors	creative	general	0	Several excuses are always less convincing than one. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Shakespeare didn't work at all for me.
authors	creative	general	0	She couldnt be a hero in the hero-tale sense. Not even in a fantasy? No. Because to me, fantasy isnt wishful thinking, but a way of reflecting, and reflecting on reality. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	She had made these with scrap wire and tools from the craft supply depot, and called them Occupations of Uninhabited Space. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	She had never been herself with other people, had always felt a falsity in her relationships with them; she had never known who she was at all, except sometimes for a moment in meditation, when her I am became It is, and she breathed the stars. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	She had not realized how very different people were, how differently they saw life. She felt as if she had looked up and suddenly seen a whole new planet hanging huge and populous right outside the window. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	She laughed again, and she looked at me. Just for a moment. But she looked, she saw. She wasn't looking at me to see what she looked like, she was looking me to see what I looked like. That is unusual in my experience Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	She said it seemed like the only choices offered were to want to be what other people were, or to be what other people wanted you to be. Ursula K. Le Guin, Very Far Away from Anywhere Else
authors	creative	general	0	She took his arm. He stopped short, as if her touch had electrocuted him on the spot. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	She touched his face and tied his hair back for him. Her hands were cool. He had never felt anything pleasanter in all his life than the touch of her hands. He reached out for her hand. She was not there, she had gone. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	She was so elaborately and ostentatiously a female body that she seemed scarcely to be a human being. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	She was the woman in the table. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	She waved through the dirty window from her seat as the train started up. I did not do the ape act. I stood there and did the human act as well as possible. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	She'll die.' 'Aye. That's a consequence of being alive. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Shes pious. By that word I meant responsible, faithful to duty, open to awe. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Shevek" dedi. Yabanc biriyle konumaya balarken tutunabilecei bir dal uzatmak iin adn sylemek gelenektendi. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Shevek, meeting her eyes, knew that he had committed an unforgivable fault in forgetting her and, . . . Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Short stories are tiny windows into other worlds and other minds and dreams. They are journeys you can make to the far side of the universe and still be back in time for dinner.
authors	creative	general	0	Show me a man who lives alone and has a perpetually clean kitchen, and 8 times out of 9 I'll show you a man with detestable spiritual qualities.
authors	creative	general	0	Siren voices tell me, 'You don't have to keep going on.' And then you think, 'I'm a writer. What do I do? Sit there watching my wife clean up?' I don't know. I like being a writer.
authors	creative	general	0	Sleep gets some really good PR from poets, who are used to talking clearly about things we dont understand. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	Slo una pregunta tiene respuesta, Genry, y ya conocemos la respuesta... La vida es posible slo a causa de esa permanente e intolerable incertidumbre: no conocer lo que vendr Ursula K. Le Guin, Los mundos de Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Small Beer Press Easthampton, MA Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	Small natures require despotism to exercise their sinews, as great souls thirst for equality to give play to their heart. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Smiles, bells, parades, horses, bleh. If so, please add an orgy. If an orgy would help, don't hesitate. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
authors	creative	general	0	So I went out and bought myself a copy of the Writer and Artist Yearbook, bought lots of magazines and got on the phone and talked to editors about ideas for stories. Pretty soon I found myself hired to do interviews and articles and went off and did them.
authors	creative	general	0	So honest conversation about concerning geezerhood takes place mostly among geezers. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	So long as men worship the Caesars and Napoleons, Caesars and Napoleons will duly arise and make them miserable.
authors	creative	general	0	So long as men worship the Caesars and Napoleons, Caesars and Napoleons will duly arise and make them miserable. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	So many of his problems were of a kind that other people did not understand, that he got used to working them out for himself, in silence. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	So much of left-wing thought is a kind of playing with fire by people who don't even know that fire is hot.
authors	creative	general	0	So rest a while, we can talk in the cool of the evening. Or the cool of the morning. There 's seldom as much hurry as I used to think there was." -Hawk Who had been Archmage The Other Wind Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	So the Comic Book Legal Defense Fund is out there preserving and fighting for, and sometimes winning and sometimes losing, the fight for First Amendment rights in comics and, more generally, for freedom of speech.
authors	creative	general	0	So the first step out of childhood is made all at once, without looking before or behind, without caution, and nothing held in reserve. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	So the unwanting soul sees whats hidden, and the ever-wanting soul sees only what it wants. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tao Te Ching: A Book about the Way and the Power of the Way
authors	creative	general	0	So when one stands in a cherished place for the last time before a voyage without return, he sees it all whole, and real, and dear, as he has never seen it before and never will see it again. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Society bristles with enigmas which look hard to solve. It is a perfect maze of intrigue. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Society has always to demand a little more from human beings than it will get in practice.
authors	creative	general	0	Solitude is fine, but you need someone to tell you that solitude is fine. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Solitude was his fate; he was trapped in his heredity. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Solo en el silencio la palabra, solo en la oscuridad la luz, solo en la muerte la vida; el brillo del halcn brilla en el cielo vaco. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Some dreams tell us what we wish to believe. Some dreams tell us what we fear. Some dreams are of what we know though we may not know we know it. The rarest dream is the dream that tells us what we have not known. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
authors	creative	general	0	Some of the best ideas I get seem to happen when I'm doing mindless manual labor or exercise. I'm not sure how that happens, but it leaves me free for remarkable ideas to occur.
authors	creative	general	0	Some people never go crazy, What truly horrible lives they must live.
authors	creative	general	0	Somebody once asked me what my theory of life was, and I said, 'Don't try.' That fits the writing, too. I don't try; I just type.
authors	creative	general	0	Somehow is a super-weasel, a word that betrays that the author didnt want to bother thinking out the storySomehow Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
authors	creative	general	0	Sometimes I've called writing a disease. If so, I'm glad that it caught me.
authors	creative	general	0	Sometimes it is better to light a flamethrower than curse the darkness.
authors	creative	general	0	Sometimes the best way to learn something is by doing it wrong and looking at what you did.
authors	creative	general	0	Sometimes the first duty of intelligent men is the restatement of the obvious.
authors	creative	general	0	Sometimes the very best way to deal with unpleasant things is to depict them in ways that allow people to laugh at them and destroy the power of unsayable things, rather than refusing to acknowledge them.
authors	creative	general	0	Sometimes you do something, and you get screwed. Sometimes it's the things you don't do, and you get screwed.
authors	creative	general	0	Sometimes you must go against the wheel's turn. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Sometimes you say things with a smile with the precise intention of making it clear that you are not being serious, and are only kidding. If I salute a friend with a smile and say, 'How are you, you old scoundrel!' clearly I don't really mean he's a scoundrel.
authors	creative	general	0	Sometimes, when I see my granddaughters make small discoveries of their own, I wish I were a child.
authors	creative	general	0	Sons have always a rebellious wish to be disillusioned by that which charmed their fathers.
authors	creative	general	0	Sons have always a rebellious wish to be disillusioned by that which charmed their fathers. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Sooner or later we're all someone's dog.
authors	creative	general	0	Speakers who talk about what life has taught them never fail to keep the attention of their listeners.
authors	creative	general	0	Specialized meaninglessness has come to be regarded, in certain circles, as a kind of hallmark of true science.
authors	creative	general	0	Specialized meaninglessness has come to be regarded, in certain circles, as a kind of hallmark of true science. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Speech is sharinga cooperative art. You're not sharing, merely egoizing. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	Speed provides the one genuinely modern pleasure.
authors	creative	general	0	Speed provides the one genuinely modern pleasure. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Speed, it seems to me, provides the one genuinely modern pleasure.
authors	creative	general	0	Speed, it seems to me, provides the one genuinely modern pleasure. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Stealthily the stars slid forward into nothingness. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Step with care and great tact, and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act.
authors	creative	general	0	Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken.
authors	creative	general	0	Stories are what death thinks he puts an end to. He can't understand that they end in him, but they don't end with him. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
authors	creative	general	0	Story is our only boat for sailing on the river of time, but in the great rapids and the winding shallows no boat is safe. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
authors	creative	general	0	Story is our only boat for sailing on the river of time. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Strange how paranoia can link up with reality now and then.
authors	creative	general	0	Students are intense people, they laugh and cry, they break down and rebuild. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
authors	creative	general	0	Study lends a kind of enchantment to all our surroundings. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Success is getting what you want. Happiness is wanting what you get.
authors	creative	general	0	Suicide, moreover, was at the time in vogue in Paris: what more suitable key to the mystery of life for a skeptical society? ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Suppose that we are wise enough to learn and know - and yet not wise enough to control our learning and knowledge, so that we use it to destroy ourselves? Even if that is so, knowledge remains better than ignorance.
authors	creative	general	0	Sure, it's simple writing for kidsjust as simple as bringing them up. Ursula K. LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	Syle bakalm,' dedi en sonunda, 'Roke'ten ayrlmaya korkuyor musun? Yoksa buradan ayrlmaya istekli misin? Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Sz sessizlikte, k karanlkta, yaam lrken; bombo gkyznde uarken parlar atmaca. -Ea'nn Yaradl Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	THE DOMESTICATION OF HUNCH Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	THINKING about Homer, and it occurred to me that his two books are the two basic fantasy stories: the War and the Journey. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Take a chance! All life is a chance. The man who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.
authors	creative	general	0	Take care, Tenar, he said. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	Talking about it changed it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	Taxation is just a sophisticated way of demanding money with menaces.
authors	creative	general	0	Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards.
authors	creative	general	0	Technological progress has merely provided us with more efficient means for going backwards. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Tell the audience what you're going to say, say it; then tell them what you've said.
authors	creative	general	0	Terrible, because when we are finally naked in the dark and cold, it is all we have. We who are so rich, so full of strength, we end up with that small change. We have nothing else to give. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Tezyeme," he said, which meant something on the order of "it is happening the way it is supposed to happen. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
authors	creative	general	0	That all men are equal is a proposition to which, at ordinary times, no sane human being has ever given his assent.
authors	creative	general	0	That all men are equal is a proposition to which, at ordinary times, no sane human being has ever given his assent. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	That is between me and my shadow. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history.
authors	creative	general	0	That men do not learn very much from the lessons of history is the most important of all the lessons of history. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	That saying, about how you always kill the thing you love, well, it works both ways.
authors	creative	general	0	That we are not much sicker and much madder than we are is due exclusively to that most blessed and blessing of all natural graces, sleep.
authors	creative	general	0	That we are not much sicker and much madder than we are is due exclusively to that most blessed and blessing of all natural graces, sleep. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The 'New Testament', now, I quite liked. Jesus had a lot of good things to say, and as for his father, he must have been highly thought of by the community to work with wood - a material that couldn't have been widely available in Palestine.
authors	creative	general	0	The Akan system is a spiritual discipline with spiritual goals, but they're exactly the same goals it seeks for bodily and ethical well-being. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	The Beat spokesman, surprisingly, seemed to be satisfied with the ethics that we have inherited.
authors	creative	general	0	The Catholic and the Communist are alike in assuming that an opponent cannot be both honest and intelligent.
authors	creative	general	0	The Civil War won formal rights for Negroes, but failed to win social justice and factual democracy. The actual result has been segregation, and fear and ignorance for both whites and blacks.
authors	creative	general	0	The Encyclopedia Planaria, in forty-four volumes, is not portable, and after all, what is entirely reliable unless it's dead? Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
authors	creative	general	0	The Enlightenment, the Age of Reason, is seen as the beginning of modern depravity.
authors	creative	general	0	The French, the Italians, the Germans, the Spanish and the English have spent centuries killing each other.
authors	creative	general	0	The Martians are always coming.
authors	creative	general	0	The Owl thinks slowly, but the Owl thinks long. Ursula K. Le Guin, Catwings
authors	creative	general	0	The Revolution is in the individual spirit, or it is nowhere. It is for all, or it is nothing. If it is seen as having any end, it will never truly begin. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	The United States needed a civil war to unite properly.
authors	creative	general	0	The Veksi are an angry species. Their social life consists largely of arguments, recriminations, quarrels, fights, outbursts of fury, fits of the sulks, brawls, feuds, and impulsive acts of vengeance. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes: Stories
authors	creative	general	0	The Wild Winds of Possibility: Vonda McIntyres Dreamsnake Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	The Yomeshta would say that mans singularity is his divinity. Lords of the Earth, yes. Other cults on other worlds have come to the same conclusion. They tend to be the cults of dynamic, aggressive, ecology-breaking cultures. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The admirable is inexplicable. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being, but to remind him that he is already degraded.
authors	creative	general	0	The airport bookstore did not sell books, only bestsellers, which Sita Dulip cannot read without risking a severe systemic reaction. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
authors	creative	general	0	The answer is there is no answer.
authors	creative	general	0	The art of motherhood involves much silent, unobtrusive self-denial, an hourly devotion which finds no detail too minute. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	The artist deals with what cannot be said in words. The artist whose medium is fiction does this in words. The novelist says in words what cannot be said in words. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The artist who goes into himself most deeply -- and it is a painful journey -- is the artist who touches us most closely, speaks to us most clearly. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The atmosphere of orthodoxy is always damaging to prose, and above all it is completely ruinous to the novel, the most anarchical of all forms of literature.
authors	creative	general	0	The atom bombs are piling up in the factories, the police are prowling through the cities, the lies are streaming from the loudspeakers, but the earth is still going round the sun.
authors	creative	general	0	The author is not impartial. Dystopia is not tragedy. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	The author may not interpret. But he must tell why and how he wrote his book.
authors	creative	general	0	The author of the Iliad is either Homer or, if not Homer, somebody else of the same name.
authors	creative	general	0	The author of the Iliad is either Homer or, if not Homer, somebody else of the same name. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The basic tool for the manipulation of reality is the manipulation of words. If you can control the meaning of words, you can control the people who must use the words.
authors	creative	general	0	The best books... are those that tell you what you know already.
authors	creative	general	0	The best thing about getting a flu shot is that you never again need to wash your hands. That's how I see it.
authors	creative	general	0	The biggest difference between England and America is that England has history, while America has geography.
authors	creative	general	0	The book is still filtering down through my emotional Melitta and I will have further reports later, Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different.
authors	creative	general	0	The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The child stared at her or at nothing, trying to breathe, and trying again to breathe, and trying again to breathe. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
authors	creative	general	0	The comic is the perception of the opposite; humor is the feeling of it.
authors	creative	general	0	The constrained body knows and values the freedom of the mind. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
authors	creative	general	0	The core of my writing is not art but truth.
authors	creative	general	0	The country is provincial; it becomes ridiculous when it tries to ape Paris. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	The current total of countries in the world with First Amendments is one. You have guaranteed freedom of speech. Other countries don't have that.
authors	creative	general	0	The daily hummingbird assaults existence with improbability. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	The danger in trying to do good is that the mind comes to confuse the intent of goodness with the act of doing things well. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	The dead are dead. The great and mighty go their way unchecked. The only hope in the world lies in the people of no account. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The difference between a democracy and a dictatorship is that in a democracy you vote first and take orders later; in a dictatorship you don't have to waste your time voting.
authors	creative	general	0	The discovery brings him victory, the kind of victory that isnt the end of a battle but the beginning of a life. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	The doctor was not, he thought, really sure that anyone else existed, and wanted to prove they did by helping them. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	The duration of passion is proportionate with the original resistance of the woman. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	The elimination of war. Did the Ancient Hainish postulate that continuous sexual capacity and organized social aggression, neither of which are attributes of any mammal but man, are cause and effect? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The end justifies the means. But what if there never is an end? All we have is means. Orr Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	The end justifies the means. But what if there never is an end? All we have is means. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure.
authors	creative	general	0	The essence of being human is that one does not seek perfection.
authors	creative	general	0	The essential act of war is destruction, not necessarily of human lives, but of the products of human labor.
authors	creative	general	0	The experience was disagreeable. I began to feel like an atheist praying. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The explorer who will not come back or send back his ships to tell his tale is not an explorer, only an adventurer, and his sons are born in exile. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	The explorer who will not come back or send back his ships to tell his tale is not an explorer, only an adventurer; and his sons are born in exile. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	The expression a woman wears on her face is far more important than the clothes she wears on her back.
authors	creative	general	0	The fact is that love is of two kinds, one which commands, and one which obeys. The two are quite distinct, and the passion to which the one gives rise is not the passion of the other. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	The false starts and futilities of the past years proved themselves to be groundwork, foundations, laid in the dark but well laid. Ursuala K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The female loves to play man against man. And if she is in a position to do it, there is not one who will resist.
authors	creative	general	0	The finest works of art are precious, among other reasons, because they make it possible for us to know, if only imperfectly and for a little while, what it actually feels like to think subtly and feel nobly.
authors	creative	general	0	The finest works of art are precious, among other reasons, because they make it possible for us to know, if only imperfectly and for a little while, what it actually feels like to think subtly and feel nobly. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The first step to eternal life is you have to die.
authors	creative	general	0	The first thing I can remember clearly is writing the way into the secret room. Ursula K. Le Guin, Voices
authors	creative	general	0	The fish in the creek said nothing. Fish never do. Few people know what fish think about injustice, or anything else. Ursula K. Le Guin, Catwings
authors	creative	general	0	The free soul is rare, but you know it when you see it - basically because you feel good, very good, when you are near or with them.
authors	creative	general	0	The function of memory is not only to preserve, but also to throw away. If you remembered everything from your entire life, you would be sick.
authors	creative	general	0	The good of a book lies in its being read. A book is made up of signs that speak of other signs, which in their turn speak of things. Without an eye to read them, a book contains signs that produce no concepts; therefore it is dumb.
authors	creative	general	0	The grandeur of Jerusalem is also... its problem.
authors	creative	general	0	The great enemy of clear language is insincerity. When there is a gap between one's real and one's declared aims, one turns, as it were, instinctively to long words and exhausted idioms, like a cuttlefish squirting out ink.
authors	creative	general	0	The great thing about Batman and Superman, in truth, is that they are literally transcendent. They are better than most of the stories they are in.
authors	creative	general	0	The greatest men of a nation are those it puts to death. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	The guesswork of a wizard is close to knowledge, though he may not know what it is he knows. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	The habit of silence is lead on the tongue. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
authors	creative	general	0	The habits of life form the soul, and the soul forms the countenance. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	The harder I work, the luckier I become.
authors	creative	general	0	The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	The hunger of a dragon is slow to wake, but hard to sate. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The idea is like grass. It craves light, likes crowds, thrives on crossbreeding, grows better for being stepped on. Even Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	The idea is like grass. It craves light, likes crowds, thrives on crossbreeding, grows better for being stepped on. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	The idea is like grass. It craves light, likes crowds, thrives on crossbreeding, grows better for being stepped on. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	The ideal death, I think, is what was the ideal Victorian death, you know, with your grandchildren around you, a bit of sobbing. And you say goodbye to your loved ones, making certain that one of them has been left behind to look after the shop.
authors	creative	general	0	The ideas I stand for are not mine. I borrowed them from Socrates. I swiped them from Chesterfield. I stole them from Jesus. And I put them in a book. If you don't like their rules, whose would you use?
authors	creative	general	0	The imagination is a muscle. If it is not exercised, it atrophies.
authors	creative	general	0	The imagination is an essential tool of the mind, a fundamental way of thinking, an indispensable means of becoming and remaining human. We Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	The imagination is truly the enemy of bigotry and dogma. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The important thing is not the finding, it is the seeking, it is the devotion with which one spins the wheel of prayer and scripture, discovering the truth little by little. If this machine gave you the truth immediately, you would not recognize it. Ursula K. Leguin
authors	creative	general	0	The impulse to cruelty is, in many people, almost as violent as the impulse to sexual love - almost as violent and much more mischievous.
authors	creative	general	0	The impulse to cruelty is, in many people, almost as violent as the impulse to sexual love - almost as violent and much more mischievous. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The individual cannot bargain with the State. The State recognizes no coinage but power: and it issues the coins itself. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	The infinite possibility, the unlimited and unqualified wholeness of being of the uncommitted, the nonacting, the uncarved: the being who, being nothing but himself, is everything. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	The insistent permissiveness of the late twentieth century had produced fully as much sex-guilt and sex-fear in its heirs as had the insistent repressiveness of the late nineteenth century. Orr Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	The insistent permissiveness of the late twentieth century had produced fully as much sex-guilt and sex-fear in its heirs as had the insistent repressiveness of the late nineteenth century. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	The intellectual is different from the ordinary man, but only in certain sections of his personality, and even then not all the time.
authors	creative	general	0	The intelligence of the creature known as a crowd, is the square root of the number of people in it.
authors	creative	general	0	The island of Gont, a single mountain that lifts its peak a mile above the storm-racked Northeast Sea, is a land famous for wizards. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	The joy of doing 'Sandman' was doing a comic and telling people, 'No, it has an end,' at a time when nobody thought you could actually get to the end and stop doing a comic that people were still buying just because you'd finished.
authors	creative	general	0	The king was pregnant. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The law of evolution is that the strongest survives!' 'Yes, and the strongest, in the existence of any social species, are those who are most social. In human terms, most ethical...There is no strength to be gained from hurting one another. Only weakness. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The liberty of the individual is a necessary postulate of human progress. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	The life of a man who deliberately runs through his fortune often becomes a business speculation; his friends, his pleasures, patrons, and acquaintances are his capital. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	The life of every man is in the Center of Time, for all were seen in the seeing of Meshe, and are in his eye. We are the pupils of his Eye... Our doing is his Seeing: our being is his Knowing. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The light is the left hand of darkness Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The lower you fall, the higher you'll fly.
authors	creative	general	0	The machine conceals the machinations. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The main problem with writing in verse is, if your fourth line doesn't come out right, you've got to throw four lines away and figure out a whole new way to attack the problem. So the mortality rate is terrific.
authors	creative	general	0	The majority of husbands remind me of an orangutan trying to play the violin. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	The male, for all his bravado and exploration, is the loyal one, the one who generally feels love. The female is skilled at betrayal and torture and damnation.
authors	creative	general	0	The man as he converses is the lover; silent, he is the husband. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	The man whose action habitually bears the stamp of his mind is a genius, but the greatest genius is not always equal to himself, or he would cease to be human. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	The margin between collusion and respect can be narrow, Tong said. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	The means are the end, only peace brings peace, only just acts bring justice...the separation of means and ends was false. For her as for him, there was no end. There was process: process was all. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The mobile phone... is a tool for those whose professions require a fast response, such as doctors or plumbers.
authors	creative	general	0	The moment that you feel that just possibly you are walking down the street naked... that's the moment you may be starting to get it right.
authors	creative	general	0	The moment was gone; he saw it going. He did not try to hold on to it. He knew he was part of it, not it of him. He was in its keeping. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	The more cats you have, the longer you live. If you have a hundred cats, you'll live 10 times longer than if you have 10. Someday this will be discovered, and people will have a thousand cats and live forever. It's truly ridiculous.
authors	creative	general	0	The more one judges, the less one loves. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude.
authors	creative	general	0	The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.
authors	creative	general	0	The most distressing thing that can happen to a prophet is to be proved wrong. The next most distressing thing is to be proved right.
authors	creative	general	0	The most distressing thing that can happen to a prophet is to be proved wrong. The next most distressing thing is to be proved right. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...'
authors	creative	general	0	The most interesting letters I received about 'The Name of the Rose' were from people in the Midwest that maybe didn't understand exactly, but wanted to understand more and who were excited by this picture of a world which was not their own.
authors	creative	general	0	The most shocking fact about war is that its victims and its instruments are individual human beings, and that these individual beings are condemned by the monstrous conventions of politics to murder or be murdered in quarrels not their own.
authors	creative	general	0	The most shocking fact about war is that its victims and its instruments are individual human beings, and that these individual beings are condemned by the monstrous conventions of politics to murder or be murdered in quarrels not their own. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The most valuable of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it has to be done, whether you like it or not.
authors	creative	general	0	The most valuable of all education is the ability to make yourself do the thing you have to do, when it has to be done, whether you like it or not. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The most virtuous women have something within them, something that is never chaste. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	The most winning characteristic of the rather harsh Cetian temperament was curiosity, inopportune, and inexhaustible curiosity; Cetians died eagerly, curious as to what came next. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
authors	creative	general	0	The moths look like souls in the underworld, Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	The motto of chivalry is also the motto of wisdom; to serve all, but love only one. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	The nationalist not only does not disapprove of atrocities committed by his own side, but he has a remarkable capacity for not even hearing about them.
authors	creative	general	0	The nod of a head is such a small thing, it can mean so little, yet it is the gesture of assent that allows, that makes to be. The nod is the gesture of power, the yes. The numen, the presence of the sacred, is called by its name Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	The nod of a head is such a small thing, it can mean so little, yet it is the gesture of assent that allows, that makes to be. The nod is the gesture of power, the yes. The numen. the presence of the sacred, is called by its name. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The novelist says in words what cannot be said in words. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The novelist's business is lying. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The offer of a generous spirit is not one to refuse lightly. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	The old farfetchers' motto: Opinion ends reception. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can.
authors	creative	general	0	The only emotion I felt was shame. For him, for myself. Again I had trusted, and again I had betrayed and been betrayed. Venne Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	The only people I ever get irritated with are the ones who announce, using my Twitter handle, that they are no longer following me and why.
authors	creative	general	0	The only questions that really matter are the ones you ask yourself. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The only superstition I have is that I must start a new book on the same day that I finish the last one, even if it's just a few notes in a file. I dread not having work in progress.
authors	creative	general	0	The only thing I shy away from is non-consensual violence. I can't write a story where someone is a simple victim because it's boring.
authors	creative	general	0	The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty; not knowing what comes next.
authors	creative	general	0	The only way to get the best of an argument is to avoid it.
authors	creative	general	0	The path never reached it, though it always seemed to be about to. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	The pen is mightier than the sword if the sword is very short, and the pen is very sharp.
authors	creative	general	0	The people of Winter, who always live in the Year One, feel that progress is less important than presence. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The person who goes farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare. The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore.
authors	creative	general	0	The person who seeks all their applause from outside has their happiness in another's keeping .
authors	creative	general	0	The philosophic aim of education must be to get each one out of his isolated class and into the one humanity. Prudence and responsibility are not middle-class virtues but human virtues.
authors	creative	general	0	The politics of the flesh are the roots of power. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The premise is: everybody's like me and we all think alike. The corollary is: people who don't think like me don't matter. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader and the Imagination
authors	creative	general	0	The prisoner is the jailer's jailer. Ursula K. Le Guin, Rocannon's World
authors	creative	general	0	The problem with the Internet is that it gives you everything - reliable material and crazy material. So the problem becomes, how do you discriminate?
authors	creative	general	0	The propagandist's purpose is to make one set of people forget that certain other sets of people are human.
authors	creative	general	0	The propagandist's purpose is to make one set of people forget that certain other sets of people are human. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The proper study of mankind is books.
authors	creative	general	0	The proper study of mankind is books. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The quality and virtue of a slave is invisibility. The powerless need to be invisible even to themselves. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	The quality of moral behavior varies in inverse ratio to the number of human beings involved.
authors	creative	general	0	The quality of moral behavior varies in inverse ratio to the number of human beings involved. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The question of manuscript changes is very important for literary criticism, the psychology of creation and other aspects of the study of literature.
authors	creative	general	0	The quickest way of ending a war is to lose it.
authors	creative	general	0	The real hero is always a hero by mistake; he dreams of being an honest coward like everybody else.
authors	creative	general	0	The really terrible thing about being young is the triviality Ursula K. Le Guin, Very Far Away from Anywhere Else
authors	creative	general	0	The reason literacy is important is that literature is the operating instructions. The best manual we have. The most useful guide to the country we're visiting, life.
authors	creative	general	0	The revolution is in the individual spirit, or it is nowhere. It is for all or it is nothing. If it is seen as having any end, it will never truly begin. We can't stop here. We must go on. We must take the risks. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	The road goes upward towards the light; but the laden traveler may never reach the end of it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	The room smelled of books, that subtle smell which to some is stuffy and to others intoxicating, and it was silent. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	The royal road to a man's heart is to talk to him about the things he treasures most.
authors	creative	general	0	The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
authors	creative	general	0	The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm.
authors	creative	general	0	The secret of genius is to carry the spirit of the child into old age, which means never losing your enthusiasm. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The short story is still like the novel's wayward younger brother, we know that it's not respectable - but I think that can also add to the glory of it.
authors	creative	general	0	The simplest schoolboy is now familiar with truths for which Archimedes would have sacrificed his life. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	The simplest way to make sure that we raise literate children is to teach them to read, and to show them that reading is a pleasurable activity.
authors	creative	general	0	The sleeper dreamed. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	The sleeper turns his back on everyone. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	The social function of narrative is not limited to 'primitive' people sitting around the fire telling each other where Fire came from and why they're sitting around it. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The story is not in the plot but in the telling. Ursula K. LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	The story is the way the story is told. Adams Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination
authors	creative	general	0	The story is the way the story is told. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination
authors	creative	general	0	The strength of Shevek's personality, unchecked by any self-consciousness or consideration of self-defense, was formidable. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.
authors	creative	general	0	The sun itself was hidden, but there was a glitter on the horizon, almost like the dazzle of the crystal walls of the Undertomb, a kind of joyous shimmering off on the edge of the world. "What is that?' the girl said, and he: "The sea. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	The sunlights differ, but there is only one darkness. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	The thing about working with time, instead of against it, he thought, is that it is not wasted. Even pain counts. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	The thing about working with time, instead of against it, he thought, is that it is not wasted. Even pain counts. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	The thing that I fear discriminating against is humor and truth.
authors	creative	general	0	The tongue they speak there is not like any spoken in the Archipelago or the other Reaches, and they are a savage people, white-skinned, yellow-haired, and fierce, liking the sight of blood and the smell of burning towns. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	The traitor, the self; the self that cries I want to live; let the world burn so long as I can live! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	The trick to forgetting the big picture is to look at everything close-up.
authors	creative	general	0	The trouble is, women have to be absolutely first class to get where third-class men get. Ursula K. Le Guin, Very Far Away from Anywhere Else
authors	creative	general	0	The trouble with being educated is that it takes a long time; it uses up the better part of your life and when you are finished what you know is that you would have benefited more by going into banking.
authors	creative	general	0	The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it.
authors	creative	general	0	The true delight is in the finding out rather than in the knowing.
authors	creative	general	0	The truth is that as a man's real power grows and his knowledge widens, ever the way he can follow grows narrower: until at last he chooses nothing but does only and wholly what he must do. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	The truth may be out there, but lies are inside your head.
authors	creative	general	0	The unconscious mind is coextensive with the universe. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	The unexpected is what makes life possible, he said. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The unexpected is what makes life possible. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The universe as a giant harpstring, oscillating in and out of existence! What note does it play, by the way? Passages from the Numerical Harmonies, I supposed? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	The universe is information and we are stationary in it, not three dimensional and not in space or time.
authors	creative	general	0	The unknown, said Faxes soft voice in the forest, the unforetold, the unproven, that is what life is based on. Ignorance is the ground of thought. Unproof is the ground of action. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The unknown, the unforetold, the unproven, that is what life is based on. Ignorance is the ground of thought. Unproof is the ground of action. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	The unknown...the unforetold, the unproven, that is what life is based on. Ignorance is the ground of thought...The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	The unread story is not a story; it is little black marks on wood pulp. The reader, reading it, makes it live: a live thing, a story. Ursula K. Le Guin, Dancing at the Edge of the World: Thoughts on Words, Women, Places
authors	creative	general	0	The usage the creator spirit gives its vessels is rough, it wears them out, discards them, gets a new model. Ursula K. Le Guinla
authors	creative	general	0	The use of imaginative fiction is to deepen your understanding of your world, and your fellow men, and your own feelings, and your destiny. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction
authors	creative	general	0	The vast majority of human beings dislike and even actually dread all notions with which they are not familiar... Hence it comes about that at their first appearance innovators have generally been persecuted, and always derided as fools and madmen.
authors	creative	general	0	The vast majority of human beings dislike and even actually dread all notions with which they are not familiar... Hence it comes about that at their first appearance innovators have generally been persecuted, and always derided as fools and madmen. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The very concept of objective truth is fading out of the world. Lies will pass into history.
authors	creative	general	0	The way that can be gone is not the eternal Way.... His Ursula K. Le Guin, City Of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	The way to see how beautiful the earth is, is to see it as the moon. The way to see how beautiful the life is, is from the vantage point of death. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	The wise needn't ask, the fool asks in vain. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	The world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before.
authors	creative	general	0	The world is always new, said Coro Mena, however old its roots. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
authors	creative	general	0	The worst enemy of life, freedom and the common decencies is total anarchy; their second worst enemy is total efficiency.
authors	creative	general	0	The worst enemy of life, freedom and the common decencies is total anarchy; their second worst enemy is total efficiency. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	The writing of fiction is endlessly surprising to the writer. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	Then Ged pitied her. She was like a white deer caged, like a white bird wing-clipped, like a silver ring in an old man's finger. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Then I saw . . . you see . . . I saw that you can't do anything for anybody. We can't save each other. Or ourselves. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	There are a limited number of plots (some say seven, some say twelve, some say thirty). There is no limit to the number of stories. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
authors	creative	general	0	There are always three speeches, for every one you actually gave. The one you practiced, the one you gave, and the one you wish you gave.
authors	creative	general	0	There are books on our shelves we haven't read and doubtless never will, that each of us has probably put to one side in the belief that we will read them later on, perhaps even in another life.
authors	creative	general	0	There are four ways, and only four ways, in which we have contact with the world. We are evaluated and classified by these four contacts: what we do, how we look, what we say, and how we say it.
authors	creative	general	0	There are men right now who have never learned how to talk to women. How will we talk to somebody really different aliens? Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	There are more books in the world than hours in which to read them. We are thus deeply influenced by books we haven't read, that we haven't had the time to read.
authors	creative	general	0	There are more people than you think who want to have a challenging experience, in which they are obliged to reflect about the past.
authors	creative	general	0	There are no right answers to wrong questions Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	There are people out there who will not read books, but somehow they'll read my books.
authors	creative	general	0	There are some ideas so wrong that only a very intelligent person could believe in them.
authors	creative	general	0	There are some people who hate my guts. But that goes with the territory.
authors	creative	general	0	There are some women whose pregnancy would make some sly bachelor smile. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	There are souls, he thought, who's umbilicus has never been cut. They never got weaned from the universe. They do not understand death as the enemy; they look forward to rotting and turning into humus. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	There are souls, he thought, whose umbilicus has never been cut. They never got weaned from the universe. They do not understand death as an enemy; they look forward to rotting and turning into humus. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	There are things around, and I know where they can be got quite easily, but I quite like waking up to the sunshine.
authors	creative	general	0	There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception.
authors	creative	general	0	There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	There are two kinds of knowledge, local and universal. There are two kinds of time, local and historical. Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
authors	creative	general	0	There are two kinds of knowledge, local and universal. Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
authors	creative	general	0	There are women who can make you feel more with their bodies and their souls, but these are the exact women who will turn the knife into you right in front of the crowd. Of course, I expect this, but the knife still cuts.
authors	creative	general	0	There can be no better grounding for a lifetime as an author than to see humanity in all its various guises through the lens of the reporter for the town.
authors	creative	general	0	There have been great societies that did not use the wheel, but there have been no societies that did not tell stories. ursula le guin
authors	creative	general	0	There is a certain bleakness in finding hope where one expected certainty. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	There is a rumour going around that I have found God. I think this is unlikely because I have enough difficulty finding my keys, and there is empirical evidence that they exist.
authors	creative	general	0	There is a single light of science, and to brighten it anywhere is to brighten it everywhere.
authors	creative	general	0	There is a soak-the-rich attitude in the air, a feeling that if you have a lot of money you must have got it by some ghastly means. I can quite happily say there was never any family money. All the money we got was mine, just from writing books.
authors	creative	general	0	There is hardly such a thing as a war in which it makes no difference who wins. Nearly always one side stands more or less for progress, the other side more or less for reaction.
authors	creative	general	0	There is neither source nor end, for all things are in the Center of Time. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	There is no break in the wholeness of time. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	There is no great sport in having bullets flying about one in every direction, but I find they have less horror when among them than when in anticipation.
authors	creative	general	0	There is no kingdom like the forests. It is time I went there, went in silence, went alone. And maybe there I would learn at last what no act or art or power can teach me, what I have never learned. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	There is no kingdom like the forests. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	There is no more subversive act than the act of writing from a woman's experience of life using a woman's judgment. "Prospects for Women in Writing" 1986 Ursula K. Le Guin, Dancing at the Edge of the World: Thoughts on Words, Women, Places
authors	creative	general	0	There is no safety. There is no end. The word must be heard in silence. There must be darkness to see the stars. The dance is always danced above the hollow place, above the terrible abyss. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	There is no substitute for talent. Industry and all its virtues are of no avail.
authors	creative	general	0	There is no substitute for talent. Industry and all its virtues are of no avail. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	There is no such thing as a great talent without great will power. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	There is not much you can say about a baby unless you are talking with its father or another mother or nurse; infants are not part of the realm of ordinary language, talk is inadequate to them as they are inadequate to talk. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	There is nothing more difficult to define than an aphorism.
authors	creative	general	0	There is nothing, the Ice says, but Ice. But the young volcano there to northward has another word it thinks of saying. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
authors	creative	general	0	There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	There is only one way... to get anybody to do anything. And that is by making the other person want to do it.
authors	creative	general	0	There is something curiously boring about somebody else's happiness.
authors	creative	general	0	There is something curiously boring about somebody else's happiness. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	There is something great and terrible about suicide. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	There isn't any formula or method. You learn to love by loving - by paying attention and doing what one thereby discovers has to be done.
authors	creative	general	0	There isn't any formula or method. You learn to love by loving - by paying attention and doing what one thereby discovers has to be done. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	There must be darkness to see the stars. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	There was once a caustic comment from someone suggesting I was breeding a new race. Fans from different countries have married, amazing things like that. I've been to some of the weddings. I went to one here the other day, a pagan ceremony.
authors	creative	general	0	There was room for them. A great deal of Italy, back then, was forest. Where man goes, trees die; or, to paraphrase Tacitus, we make a desert and call it progress. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	There were actually very few men who could face reality when the going got tough. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	There were people who swore as an art formperforming a dazzling juncture of the inordinate and the unexpected. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	There will always be an underground.
authors	creative	general	0	There will always be something to ruin our lives, it all depends on what or which finds us first. We are always ripe and ready to be taken.
authors	creative	general	0	There's a glorious sense of freedom in comedy, just allowing myself to tell jokes, allowing myself to interrupt myself and tell old African folk stories that I made up - or didn't - and Jamaican stories.
authors	creative	general	0	There's a point, around the age of twenty, when you have to choose whether to be like everybody else the rest of your life, or to make a virtue of your peculiarities. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	There's a saying," Aeneas said: "Keep an eye on Greeks when they offer gifts." He spoke wryly. "Horses, particularly. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	There's nothing wrong with me...except acute chronic fear. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	There's one way to make a baby. If you know another, you can do it with somebody else! Ursula K. Le Guin, Four Ways to Forgiveness
authors	creative	general	0	There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
authors	creative	general	0	There's only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	There's only one effectively redemptive sacrifice, the sacrifice of self-will to make room for the knowledge of God.
authors	creative	general	0	There's only one effectively redemptive sacrifice, the sacrifice of self-will to make room for the knowledge of God. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Theres a Hainish parable of the Mirror. If the glass is whole, it reflects the whole world, but broken, it shows only fragments, and cuts the hand that holds it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	Theres a point, around age twenty, Bedap said, when you have to choose whether to be like everybody else the rest of your life, or to make a virtue of your peculiarities. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	These two issues combinedour inability to deal with our own numbers and our insistence that we are what matters mostmay well be the finish of us. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	They argued because they liked argument, liked the swift run of the unfettered mind along the paths of possibility, liked to question what was not questioned. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	They can send death at once, but life is slower... Ursula K. Le Guina K. Le Guin, Rocannon's World
authors	creative	general	0	They exist. But they are not your Masters. They never were. You are free, Tenar. You were taught to be a slave, but you have broken free. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	They just came to look, as if she were the Great Tower in Rodarred, or the Canyon of the Tulaevea. A phenomenon, a monument. They were awed, adoring. She snarled at them: Think your own thoughts! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Day Before the Revolution
authors	creative	general	0	They let us be, here, in the cage of our ignorance. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	They made love. Love doesn't just sit there, like a stone, it has to be made, like bread; re-made all the time, made new. When it was made, they lay in each other's arms, holding love, asleep. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	They move their heads around and flatten out their mouth and nose on the other persons mouth and nose and open their mouths in different ways, and you are supposed to feel sort of hot or wet or something as you watch. Ursula K. Le Guin`
authors	creative	general	0	They praised his modesty and did not listen to him, for listening is a rare gift, and men will have their heroes. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Earthsea Trilogy
authors	creative	general	0	They preserved autonomy of conscience even at the cost of becoming eccentric. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	They say a little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but it's not one half so bad as a lot of ignorance.
authors	creative	general	0	They say one gets used to being a millionaire; so after a year or two a human being begins to get used to being a woman. Ursula K. Le Guin, Orsinian Tales
authors	creative	general	0	They say there is nothing new under any sun. But if each life is not new, each single life, then why are we born? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	They tended to be stolid, slovenly, heavy, and to my eyes effeminate - not in the sense of delicacy, etc., but in just the opposite sense: a gross, bland fleshiness, a bovinity without point or edge. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	They think if people can possess enough things they will be content to live in prison. But I will not believe that. I want the walls down. I want solidarity, human solidarity. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	They think if people can possess enough things they will be content to live in prison. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	They were my age, but wed reached our age by different roads. What Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	They were not victors, he and his kind, not in any way, they were the defeated still, for they had become like their betters. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	They were without shame and without desire, like the angels. But it is not human to be without shame and without desire. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Things need not have happened to be true. Tales and adventures are the shadow truths that will endure when mere facts are dust and ashes and forgotten.
authors	creative	general	0	Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
authors	creative	general	0	This has been going on for two or three millennia. That is an amazingly long time for anything to mean anything to anybody. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	This is a work of fiction. All the characters in it, human and otherwise, are imaginary, excepting only certain of the fairy folk, whom it might be unwise to offend by casting doubts on their existence. Or lack thereof.
authors	creative	general	0	This is morally problematic when personal decision is confused with personal opinion. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	This is part of what I meant about housework. If it isn't important, what is? If it isn't done honorably, where is honor? Ista Ursula K. Le Guin, Voices
authors	creative	general	0	This is the treason of the artist: a refusal to admit the banality of evil and the terrible boredom of pain. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
authors	creative	general	0	This is. And thou art. There is no safety. There is no end. The word must be heard in silence. There must be darkness to see the stars. The dance is always danced above the hollow place, above the terrible abyss. Ursula K. LeGuin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic.
authors	creative	general	0	This principle, getting it out of place, off-limits, the basic principle of swearing, I understand and approve. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	This was the way he had to go; he had no choice. He had never had any choice. He was only a dreamer. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	This writing doesn't affect reality any more than any writing does; that is to say, indirectly, but considerably. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	This, to me, is the ultimately heroic trait of ordinary people; they say no to the tyrant and they calmly take the consequences of this resistance.
authors	creative	general	0	Those convinced against their will are of the same opinion still.
authors	creative	general	0	Those who 'abjure' violence can do so only because others are committing violence on their behalf.
authors	creative	general	0	Those who believe that they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something.
authors	creative	general	0	Those who believe that they are exclusively in the right are generally those who achieve something. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Those who build walls are their own prisoners. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Those who have been writing literature have not been writing life.
authors	creative	general	0	Those who spend too fast never grow rich. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Though bigots have small ears. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	Thought is a key to all treasures; the miser's gains are ours without his cares. Thus I have soared above this world, where my enjoyment have been intellectual joys. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Thought must be divided against itself before it can come to any knowledge of itself.
authors	creative	general	0	Thought must be divided against itself before it can come to any knowledge of itself. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Thus they both set a fatal trap for the believer: if you believe in God you cant believe in evolution, and vice versa. But this is rather like saying if you believe in Tuesday you cant believe in artichokes. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Thwil Town Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Time is not duration but intensity; time is the beat and the interval [...] Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
authors	creative	general	0	Time says Let there be every moment and instantly there is space and the radiance of each bright galaxy. And eyes beholding radiance. And the gnats flickering dance. And the seas expanse. And death, and chance. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	To an ordinary human being, love means nothing if it does not mean loving some people more than others.
authors	creative	general	0	To be an atheist is to maintain God. His existence or his non-existence, it amounts to much the same, on the plane of proof. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	To be reborn one must die, Tenar. It is not so hard as it looks from the other side. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	To be whole is to be part; true voyage is return. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	To be whole is to be part; true voyage is return. Ursula K. LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	To be, the will to power must increase with each fulfillment, making the fulfillment only a step to a further one. The vaster the power gained, the vaster the appetite for more. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	To believe that our beliefs are permanent truths which encompass reality is a sad ignorance. To let go of that belief is to find safety. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	To break a promise is to deny the reality of the past; therefore it is to deny the hope of a real future. Ursala K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	To break a promise is to deny the reality of the past; therefore it is to deny the hope of a real future. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	To break a rule you have to know the rule. A blunder is not a revolution. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
authors	creative	general	0	To conceive the good, in fact, is not sufficient; it must be made to succeed among men. To accomplish this less pure paths must be followed. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	To deny the past is to deny the future. A man does not make his destiny: he accepts it or denies it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	To deny the past is to deny the future. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	To die is to lose the self and rejoin the rest. He had kept himself, and lost the rest. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	To die is to lose the self and rejoin the rest. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	To do a dull thing with style-now that's what I call art.
authors	creative	general	0	To enter with heart and mind into the world of the imagination may be to head deliberately and directly toward, or back toward, engagement with the real world. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	To exhibit the perfect uselessness of knowing the answer to the wrong question. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	To find a new world, maybe you have to have lost one. Maybe you have to be lost. The dance of renewal, the dance that made world, was always danced here at the edge of things, on the brink, on the foggy coast.
authors	creative	general	0	To go under a river: theres a strange thing to do, a really weird idea. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	To hear, one must be silent. The Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	To hear, one must be silent. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Earthsea Trilogy
authors	creative	general	0	To him a thinking man's job was not to deny one reality at the expense of the other, but to include and to connect. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	To his dog, every man is Napoleon; hence the constant popularity of dogs.
authors	creative	general	0	To his dog, every man is Napoleon; hence the constant popularity of dogs. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	To insult someone we call him 'bestial. For deliberate cruelty and nature, 'human' might be the greater insult.
authors	creative	general	0	To keep dark the mind of the mage born, that is a dangerous thing. Ursala K. LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	To kill a relative of whom you are tired is something. But to inherit his property afterwards, that is genuine pleasure. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	To learn a belief without the belief is to sing a song without the tune. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	To learn which questions are unanswerable, and not to answer them: this skill is most needful in times of stress and darkness. Tormenbod Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	To learn which questions are unanswerable, and not to answer them: this skill is most needful in times of stress and darkness. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	To let understanding stop at what cannot be understood is a high attainment. Those who cannot do it will be destroyed on the lathe of heaven. CHUANG TSE : XXIII Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	To let understanding stop at what cannot be understood is a high attainment. Those who cannot do it will be destroyed on the lathe of heaven. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	To light a candle is to cast a shadow . . . Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	To make a thief, make an owner; to create crime, create laws. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	To make something well is to give yourself to it, to seek wholeness, to follow spirit. To learn to make something well can take your whole life. Its worth it. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
authors	creative	general	0	To merely observe your culture without contributing to it seems very close to existing as a ghost.
authors	creative	general	0	To nie bro ani kobieta stwarza mczyzn, nawet nie magia czy moc. Jedynie on sam moe tego dokona. Ursula K. LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	To not to have entirely wasted one's life seems to be a worthy accomplishment, if only for myself.
authors	creative	general	0	To oppose something is to maintain it. They Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	To oppose something is to maintain it. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	To oppose something is to maintain it... You must go somewhere else; you must have another goal; then you walk a different road. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	To read a paper book is another experience: you can do it on a ship, on the branch of a tree, on your bed, even if there is a blackout.
authors	creative	general	0	To see a candle's light one must take it into a dark place. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	To see a candles light, one must take it into a dark place. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	To see that your life is a story while you're in the middle of living it may be a help to living it well. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
authors	creative	general	0	To surrender to ignorance and call it God has always been premature, and it remains premature today.
authors	creative	general	0	To survive it is often necessary to fight and to fight you have to dirty yourself.
authors	creative	general	0	To think that realistic fiction is by definition superior to imaginative fiction is to think imitation is superior to invention. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader and the Imagination
authors	creative	general	0	To those who have exhausted politics, nothing remains but abstract thought. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries.
authors	creative	general	0	To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	To use the enemy's weapon is to play the enemy's game...speak the truth and hear the truth. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	To walk through the ruined cities of Germany is to feel an actual doubt about the continuity of civilization.
authors	creative	general	0	Today is life-the only life you are sure of. Make the most of today. Get interested in something. Shake yourself awake. Develop a hobby. Let the winds of enthusiasm sweep through you. Live today with gusto.
authors	creative	general	0	Today was good. Today was fun. Tomorrow is another one.
authors	creative	general	0	Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you!
authors	creative	general	0	Today, political events are nullified unless they're on TV.
authors	creative	general	0	Tolkien is eminently filmable, I think. 'The Lord of the Rings' is intensely... landscaped. But 'Discworld' is about dialogue, which is one reason why it might be hard to film.
authors	creative	general	0	Towns find it as hard as houses of business to rise again from ruin. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Translation is the art of failure.
authors	creative	general	0	True love is eternal, infinite, and always like itself. It is equal and pure, without violent demonstrations: it is seen with white hairs and is always young in the heart. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	True voyage is return. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Truth is a matter of the imagination. The soundest fact may fail or prevail in the style of its telling: Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Truth is a matter of the imagination. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Truthfully, without over-egging it, as I often do, the library and journalism, those things made me who I am.
authors	creative	general	0	Ultimately you write alone. Ursula K. Le Guin, Steering the Craft: A Twenty-First-Century Guide to Sailing the Sea of Story
authors	creative	general	0	Um amor profundo entre duas pessoas envolve, afinal, o poder e a oportunidade de causar mgoa profunda. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Under his feet he felt the hillroots going down and down into the dark, and over his head he saw the dry, far fires of the stars. Between, all things were his to order, to command. He stood at the center of the world. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Unintelligent persons are like weeds that thrive in good ground; they love to be amused in proportion to the degree in which they weary themselves. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Unless physical action reflects psychic action, unless the deeds express the person, I get very bored with adventure stories; often it seems that the more action there is, the less happens. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Found and the Lost: The Collected Novellas of Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not.
authors	creative	general	0	Up here on the Ice each of us is singular, isolate, I as cut off from those like me, from my society, and its rules, as he from his. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Ursula K. Le Guin urges authors to remember why they do what they do. Her argument is that writing is an form of art rather than a commodity. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Varln pnarlar, hayattan daha derindir, lmden de... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Ve sonra, eer bana ihtiyacn olursa, beni ar. Gelirim. Beni arrsan, mezarmdan bile kar gelirim Tenar ! Ama seninle kalamam. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	Verbs allow you to communicate a story in a much more converged or involuntary way for a reader. The verbs allow you to come in under the radar, below people's defenses.
authors	creative	general	0	Vermediiniz eyi alamazsnz, kendinizi vermeniz gerekir. Devrim'i satn alamazsnz. Devrim'i yapamazsnz. Devrim olabilirsiniz ancak. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.
authors	creative	general	0	Virtue, perhaps, is nothing more than politeness of soul. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Vocations which we wanted to pursue, but didn't, bleed, like colors, on the whole of our existence. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Vrlden r vldig och frunderlig,..., men den r inte vldigare eller mer frunderlig n vrt medvetande. (s. 65) Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
authors	creative	general	0	War against a foreign country only happens when the moneyed classes think they are going to profit from it.
authors	creative	general	0	War is a way of shattering to pieces... materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable and... too intelligent.
authors	creative	general	0	War is evil, but it is often the lesser evil.
authors	creative	general	0	War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.
authors	creative	general	0	War is war. The only good human being is a dead one.
authors	creative	general	0	Ward: Which would you rather have, a National Book Award or a Hugo? Le Guin: Oh, a Nobel, of course. Ward: They don't give Nobel Awards in fantasy. Le Guin: Maybe I can do something for peace.
authors	creative	general	0	Was he leaving home, or going home? Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	Wasnt it immoral to do work you didnt enjoy? The work needed doing but a lot of people didnt care what they were posted to and changed jobs all the time; they should have volunteered. Any fool could do this work. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	Wasnt it immoral to do work you didnt enjoy? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will.
authors	creative	general	0	We all do harm by being. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	We all have forests in our minds. Forests unexplored, unending. Each of us gets lost in the forest, every night, alone. Hidden Ursula K. Le Guin, The Found and the Lost: The Collected Novellas of Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	We all have forests in our minds. Forests unexplored, unending. Each of us gets lost in the forest, every night, alone. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Found and the Lost: The Collected Novellas of Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	We all have forests on our minds. Forests unexplored, unending. Each one of us gets lost in the forest, every night, alone. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters
authors	creative	general	0	We all have possibilities we don't know about. We can do things we don't even dream we can do.
authors	creative	general	0	We all not only could know everything. We do. We just tell ourselves we don't to make it all bearable.
authors	creative	general	0	We are a pluralist civilisation because we allow mosques to be built in our countries, and we are not going to stop simply because Christian missionaries are thrown into prison in Kabul. If we did so, we, too, would become Taliban.
authors	creative	general	0	We are all dead, and we spoiled the world before we died. There is nothing left. Nothing but dreams. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	We are all geniuses up to the age of ten.
authors	creative	general	0	We are all geniuses up to the age of ten. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us.
authors	creative	general	0	We are here to unlearn the teachings of the church, state, and our education system.
authors	creative	general	0	We are never racist against somebody who is very far away. I don't know any racism against the Eskimos. To have a racist feeling, there must be an other who is slightly different from us - but is living close to us.
authors	creative	general	0	We are not seeking power. We are seeking the end of power! ... The means are the end. ... Only peace brings peace, only just acts bring justice! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	We are not special. We are not crap or trash, either. We just are. We just are, and what happens just happens.
authors	creative	general	0	We are volcanoes. When we women offer our experience as our truth, as human truth, all the maps change. There are new mountains. Ursula K. LeGuinn
authors	creative	general	0	We broke the world to make it whole... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Other Wind
authors	creative	general	0	We can't prevent suffering. This pain and that pain, yes, but not Pain. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	We can't restructure our society without restructuring the English language. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	We cried Sisterhood is powerful!and they believed us. Terrified misogynists of both sexes were howling that the house was burning down before most feminists found out where the matches were. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	We decided that it was no good asking what is the meaning of life, because life isn't an answer, life is the question, and you, yourself, are the answer.
authors	creative	general	0	We demand a rebellious spirit of those who have no chance to learn that rebellion is possible, but we the privileged hold still and see no evil. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination
authors	creative	general	0	We don't see a lot of models for male social interaction. There's sports and barn raisings.
authors	creative	general	0	We dont count relatives much; we are all relatives, you see. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	We exaggerate misfortune and happiness alike. We are never as bad off or as happy as we say we are. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	We have a limit, a very discouraging, humiliating limit: death.
authors	creative	general	0	We have been so successful in the past century at the art of living longer and staying alive that we have forgotten how to die. Too often we learn the hard way. As soon as the baby boomers pass pensionable age, their lesson will be harsher still.
authors	creative	general	0	We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men.
authors	creative	general	0	We have wasted History like a bunch of drunks shooting dice back in the men's crapper of the local bar.
authors	creative	general	0	We invented the car, and it made it easier for us to crash and die. If I gave a car to my grandfather, he would die in five minutes, while I have grown up slowly to accept speed.
authors	creative	general	0	We like lists because we don't want to die.
authors	creative	general	0	We like to think we live in daylight, but half the world is always dark, and fantasy, like poetry, speaks the language of the night. Ursula Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	We live in capitalism. Its power seems inescapable. So did the divine right of kings. Any human power can be resisted and changed by human beings. Resistance and change often begin in art, and very often in our art, the art of words. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	We live in capitalism. Its power seems inescapable. So did the divine right of kings. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	We make sense of the world intentionally. Faced with chaos, we seek or make the familiar, and build up the world with it. Babies do it, we all do it; we filter out most of what our senses report. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Fisherman of the Inland Sea
authors	creative	general	0	We may find in the long run that tinned food is a deadlier weapon than the machine-gun.
authors	creative	general	0	We men dream dreams, we work magic, we do good, we do evil. The dragons do not dream. They are dreams. They do not work magic: it is their substance, their being. They do not do; they are. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	We need writers who know the difference between the production of a commodity and the practice of an art. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	We of the sinking middle class may sink without further struggles into the working class where we belong, and probably when we get there it will not be so dreadful as we feared, for, after all, we have nothing to lose.
authors	creative	general	0	We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look.
authors	creative	general	0	We participate in a tragedy; at a comedy we only look. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	We read books to find out who we are. What other people, real or imaginary, do and think and feel is an essential guide to our understanding of what we ourselves are and may become Ursula Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	We read books to find out who we are. What other people, real or imaginary, do and think and feel is an essential guide to our understanding of what we ourselves are and may become. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	We scarcely know how much of our pleasure and interest in life comes to us through our eyes until we have to do without them; and part of that pleasure is that the eyes can choose where to look. But the ears can't choose where to listen. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
authors	creative	general	0	We shape each other to be human. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
authors	creative	general	0	We sleep safe in our beds because rough men stand ready in the night to visit violence on those who would do us harm.
authors	creative	general	0	We strike a medium, and he shivers in his bag, while I swelter in mine, but considering from what distances we have come together, we do well enough. Ursula Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	We tried mindspeech again. I had never before sent repeatedly to a total non-receiver. The experience was disagreeable. I began to feel like an atheist praying. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	We werent cruel, we were ignorant, foolish. Children are ignorant and foolish. But they learn. If they are given a chance to learn. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wave in the Mind: Talks and Essays on the Writer, the Reader, and the Imagination
authors	creative	general	0	We who live by writing and publishing wantand should demandour fair share of the proceeds. But the name of our beautiful reward is not profit. Its name is freedom. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	We're all going to die, all of us; what a circus! That alone should make us love each other, but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities. We are eaten up by nothing.
authors	creative	general	0	We're each of us alone, to be sure. What can you do but hold your hand out in the dark? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wind's Twelve Quarters, Volume 1
authors	creative	general	0	We're making the same mistakes we made 1,000 years ago. So they must be the right ones. So relax.
authors	creative	general	0	We're not outside the world... We are the world. We're its language. So we live and it lives. You see? If we don't say the words, what is their in our world? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Telling
authors	creative	general	0	We're prisoners, so freedom is a thing we study. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Wealth, status, pride, are their own ruin. To do good, work well, and lie low is the way of the blessing. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tao Te Ching: A Book about the Way and the Power of the Way
authors	creative	general	0	Were a rough people, born of oak, as they say, here in the western land; tempers run high, weapons are always at hand. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Weve outgrown the kind of barbarism that used to bring war into the heart of the high civilizations! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	What I'd love to do is every now and then go, 'Oh my God, I've got this amazing idea for 'Doctor Who.'
authors	creative	general	0	What a comfort the past is," Mimen said, "when the future offers none. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	What are we so afraid of? Why don't we let 'em tell us we're afraid? What is it they're afraid of?" She picked up the stocking she had been darning, turned it in her hands, was silent awhile; finally she said, "What are they afraid of us for? Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
authors	creative	general	0	What books didnt influence me? If only someone would ask that! Ive been waiting for years to answer it. Atlas Shrugged, by Ayn Rand, I will say, had absolutely no influence on me except to cause hours of incredulous boredom. Ursula LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	What can you do against the lunatic who is more intelligent than yourself, who gives your arguments a fair hearing and then simply persists in his lunacy?
authors	creative	general	0	What did they want her back for? Her husbands honor demanded it. I should think his honor demanded that he divorce her and find himself a decent wife. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	What does culture want? To make infinity comprehensible.
authors	creative	general	0	What good is power when you're too wise to use it? Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	What good seeking the safe course, on a journey such as this? There are senseless courses, which I shall not take; but there is no safe one. Streth Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	What happens to a man who just won't cooperate?" "Well, he moves on. The others get tired of him, you know. They make fun of him, or they get rough with him, beat him up . . . Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	What is a child, monsieur, but the image of two beings, the fruit of two sentiments spontaneously blended? ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	What is absurd and monstrous about war is that men who have no personal quarrel should be trained to murder one another in cold blood.
authors	creative	general	0	What is absurd and monstrous about war is that men who have no personal quarrel should be trained to murder one another in cold blood. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	What is an anarchist? One who, choosing, accepts the responsibility of choice Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	What is art? Nature concentrated. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	What is evil?" asked the younger man. The round web, with its black center, seemed to watch them both. "A web we men weave." Ged answered. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	What is hard is to keep alive on a world you don't belong to. Ursula K. Le Guin, Planet of Exile
authors	creative	general	0	What is life without incompatible realities? Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	What is love of ones country; is it hate of ones uncountry? Then its not a good thing. Is it simply self-love? Thats a good thing, but one mustnt make a virtue of it, or a profession... Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	What is more arrogant than honesty? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	What is normal? Normal was yesterday. If you lose a leg, one day you're hopping around on one leg, so you know the difference.
authors	creative	general	0	What is the Meaning of this book, this event in the book, this story... ? Tell me what it Means. But thats not my job, honey. Thats your job. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	What is the sense of giving a boundary to all that, of giving it a name and ceasing to love where the name ceases to apply? What is love of one's country; is it hate of one's uncountry? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	What is the sense of giving a boundary to all... of giving it a name and ceasing to love where the name ceases to apply? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	What is true is sacred. What has been suffered. What is beautiful. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	What matters most about a word is that is says what we need a word for. Ursula K. Le Guin, Hainish Novels & Stories, Vol. 1: Rocannons World / Planet of Exile / City of Illusions / The Left Hand of Darkness / The Dispossessed / Stories
authors	creative	general	0	What my character is or how many jails I have lounged in, or wards or walls or wassails, how many lonely-heart poetry readings I have dodged, is beside the point. A man's soul or lack of it will be evident with what he can carve upon a white sheet of paper.
authors	creative	general	0	What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy? Ursula K. LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	What she needs, at least one thing she needs, is companionship. After all why should she eat? Who needs her to be alive? What we call psychosis is sometimes simply realism. But human beings can't live on realism alone. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	What to make of a diminished thing? Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	What was and what may be lie, like children whose faces we cannot see, in the arms of silence. All we have is here, now. Ursula K. Le Guin, Always Coming Home
authors	creative	general	0	What we call 'evil' is produced by civilization, its constraints and repressions, deforming the spontaneous, free self-expression of the personality. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	What we don't understand we can make mean anything.
authors	creative	general	0	What we feel and think and are is to a great extent determined by the state of our ductless glands and viscera.
authors	creative	general	0	What we feel and think and are is to a great extent determined by the state of our ductless glands and viscera. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	What will the creature made all of sea-drift do on the dry sand of daylight; what will the mind do, each morning, waking? His Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	What will the creature made all of seadrift do on the dry sand of daylight; what will the mind do, each morning, waking? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	What with making their way and enjoying what they have won, heroes have no time to think. But the sons of heroes - ah, they have all the necessary leisure.
authors	creative	general	0	What with making their way and enjoying what they have won, heroes have no time to think. But the sons of heroes - ah, they have all the necessary leisure. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	What you love, you will love. What you undertake you will complete. You are a fulfiller of hope; you are to be relied on. But seventeen years give little armor against despairConsider, Arren. To refuse death is to refuse life. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	What you wrote above the nightingale is so interesting, Mr. Keats, please tell us more. Ursula K. Le Guin, Ursula K. Le Guin: Conversations on Writing
authors	creative	general	0	What's wrong with pleasure, Takver? why don't you want it?" "Nothing's wrong with it. And I do want it. Only I don't need it. And if I take what I don't need, I'll never get to what I do need. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Whatever is funny is subversive, every joke is ultimately a custard pie... a dirty joke is a sort of mental rebellion.
authors	creative	general	0	When I believe, I am crazy. When I don't believe, I suffer psychotic depression.
authors	creative	general	0	When I read about the way in which library funds are being cut and cut, I can only think that American society has found one more way to destroy itself.
authors	creative	general	0	When I say that basically writing is a hard hustle, I don't mean that it is a bad life, if one can get away with it. It's the miracle of miracles to make a living by the typer.
authors	creative	general	0	When I started out, there were a lot of things I knew I couldn't do, and a lot of things I only found out I couldn't do by going and doing it. And no-one was watching, and nobody cared.
authors	creative	general	0	When I was 7, my proudest possession would have been my bookshelf 'cause I had alphabetized all of the books on my bookshelf.
authors	creative	general	0	When I was a kid, I read the science-fiction shelves, and I read the fantasy shelves.
authors	creative	general	0	When I was young, I was reading anything and anything I could lay my hands on. I was a veracious-to-the-point-of-insane reader.
authors	creative	general	0	When I went from being an academic to being a member of the community of writers some of my former colleagues did look on me with a certain resentment.
authors	creative	general	0	When I write, when I'm going hot, I don't want to write more than four hours in a row. After that, you're pushing it.
authors	creative	general	0	When I'm writing I don't dream much; it's like the dreaming gets used in the writing. Ursula K. LeGuin
authors	creative	general	0	When Religion and Royalty are swept away, the people will attack the great, and after the great, they will fall upon the rich. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	When action grows unprofitable, gather information; when information grows unprofitable, sleep. Ursula K. LeGuin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	When all ways are lost the way is clear. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	When at last I learned forgetting, I learned it very quickly and all too well. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	When at last we are sure, You've been properly pilled, Then a few paper forms, Must be properly filled. So that you and your heirs, May be properly billed.
authors	creative	general	0	When dealing with people, remember you are not dealing with creatures of logic, but creatures of emotion.
authors	creative	general	0	When did the future switch from being a promise to a threat?
authors	creative	general	0	When everything works best, it's not because you chose writing but because writing chose you. It's when you're mad with it, it's when it's stuffed in your ears, your nostrils, under your fingernails. It's when there's no hope but that.
authors	creative	general	0	When fate hands you a lemon, make lemonade.
authors	creative	general	0	When he found that the administrators were upset, he laughed. Do they expect students not to be anarchists? he said. What else can the young be? When you are on the bottom, you must organize from the bottom up Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	When in the Land of Property think like a propertarian. Dress like one, eat like one, act like one, be one. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	When it comes to the pinch, human beings are heroic.
authors	creative	general	0	When law becomes despotic, morals are relaxed, and vice versa. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	When men stop believing in God, it isn't that they then believe in nothing: they believe in everything.
authors	creative	general	0	When one starts writing a book, especially a novel, even the humblest person in the world hopes to become Homer.
authors	creative	general	0	When people complain of life, it is almost always because they have asked impossible things of it. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	When someone has to intervene to defend the liberty of the press, that society is sick.
authors	creative	general	0	When the poet is in love, he is incapable of writing poetry on love. He has to write when he remembers that he was in love.
authors	creative	general	0	When theres no social pressure behind it, respectful behavior becomes a decision, an individual choice. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	When we're done with it, we may findif it's a good novelthat we're a bit different from what we were before we read it, that we have been changed a little, as if by having meet a new face, crossed a street we've never crossed before. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes; when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not even our virtues. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	When you have nothing to pray for, thats when Luck hears you. If Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	When you light a candle, you also cast a shadow. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	When you read, I'm sure you don't realize that your eyes are going backwards and forwards and to this place and that place. Mine don't do that.
authors	creative	general	0	When you're all singing together, it brings things together. I know the songs that my grandfather and my father sang.
authors	creative	general	0	Whenever things go a bit sour in a job I'm doing, I always tell myself, 'You can do better than this.'
authors	creative	general	0	Where do you get your ideas from, Ms Le Guin? From forgetting Dostoyevsky and reading road signs backwards, naturally. Where else? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
authors	creative	general	0	Where does your soul go when you die in Hell? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Where man goes, trees die; or, to paraphrase Tacitus, we make a desert and call it progress. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Where will you sleep? he inquired, sitting down heavily on the bed. No where, the Alien replied, its toneless voice dividing the word into two equally significant wholes. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Where would Jesus be if no one had written the gospels?
authors	creative	general	0	Where, then, is Truth? declaimed Bedap, and yawned. In the hill one happens to be sitting on, said Tirin. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	Where, then, is Truth? declaimed Bedap, and yawned. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	Which is better off, a lizard basking in the sun or a philosopher? Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
authors	creative	general	0	Which of us saved the other from the Labyrinth, Ged? Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
authors	creative	general	0	While we read a novel, we are insane - bonkers. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	While we read a novel, we are insanebonkers. We believe in the existence of people who aren't there, we hear their voices... Sanity returns (in most cases) when the book is closed. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	While writing, I tend to repeat the same song, endlessly, for thousands of times. This helps me ignore any lyrics, and helps create a consistent mood for each book.
authors	creative	general	0	Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
authors	creative	general	0	Who do you think is lying to us? Shevek demanded. Placid, Bedap met his gaze. Who, brother? Who but ourselves? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Who knows a man's name, holds that man's life in his keeping. Thus to Ged, who had lost faith in himself, Vetch had given him that gift that only a friend can give, the proof of unshaken, unshakeable trust. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Who would be an artist if they did not believe that that happens? If they did not know it happens, because they have felt the god within them use their tongue, their hands? Maybe only once, once in their lives. But once is enough. Nor Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Whoever is winning at the moment will always seem to be invincible.
authors	creative	general	0	Why are my sons followed thus by darkness?' ...'Because they were born in the house of flesh, therefore death follows at their heels. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Why must there be war?" "Oh Lavinia, what a woman's question that is! Because men are men. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Why, why is a girl brought up at home to be a woman in exile the rest of her life? Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Winter hasnt achieved in thirty centuries what Terra once achieved in thirty decades. Neither has Winter ever paid the price that Terra paid. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Wisdom is that apprehension of heavenly things to which the spirit rises through love. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	With all of its defects, the global market makes war less likely, even between the U.S.A. and China.
authors	creative	general	0	With eye and hand and breath and will. Ursula K. Le Guin, Gifts
authors	creative	general	0	Without language, they have no lies. Thus they have no future. Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes
authors	creative	general	0	Without war there are no heroes." "What harm would that be?" "Oh, Lavinia, what a woman's question that is. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	Wold felt sorry for him, as he often did for young men, who have not seen how passion and plan over and over are wasted, how their lives and acts are wasted between desire and fear. Ursula K. Le Guin, Planet of Exile
authors	creative	general	0	Women are tenacious, and all of them should be tenacious of respect; without esteem they cannot exist; esteem is the first demand that they make of love. ~ Honore de Balzac
authors	creative	general	0	Words are events, they do things, change things. They transform both speaker and hearer; they feed energy back and forth and amplify it Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	Words are my mattermy stuff. Words are my skein of yarn, my lump of wet clay, my block of uncarved wood. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	Words are the wings both intellect and imagination fly on. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	Words, words, words! They shut one off from the universe. Three quarters of the time one's never in contact with things, only with the beastly words that stand for them.
authors	creative	general	0	Words, words, words! They shut one off from the universe. Three quarters of the time one's never in contact with things, only with the beastly words that stand for them. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Would you give up the craft of your hands, and the passion of your heart, and the hunger of your mind, to buy safety? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	Would you really like to live in a society where you have no responsibility and no freedom, no choice, only the false option of obedience to the law, or disobedience followed by punishment? Would you really want to go live in a prison? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	Would you walk away from Omelas? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas
authors	creative	general	0	Write your story as it needs to be written. Write it honestly, and tell it as best you can. I'm not sure that there are any other rules. Not ones that matter.
authors	creative	general	0	Writers have to put up with this editor thing; it is ageless and eternal and wrong.
authors	creative	general	0	Writers write to influence their readers, their preachers, their auditors, but always, at bottom, to be more themselves.
authors	creative	general	0	Writers write to influence their readers, their preachers, their auditors, but always, at bottom, to be more themselves. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	Writing is the most fun you can have by yourself.
authors	creative	general	0	Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers.
authors	creative	general	0	Yes. There's really only one question that can be answered, Genry, and we already know the answer....The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	Yet a greater, unlearned skill he possessed, which was the art of kindness. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	Yet we were rescued by that fancy, and saved by a myth. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	You always have to defend the imagination against idiots. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	You are all in jail. Each alone, solitary, with a heap of what he owns. You live in prison, die in prison. It is all I can see in your eyes the walls, the walls! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	You are like a lantern swathed and covered, hidden away in a dark place. Yet the light shines; they could not put out the light. They could not hide you. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	You begin saving the world by saving one man at a time; all else is grandiose romanticism or politics.
authors	creative	general	0	You can close more business in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get people interested in you.
authors	creative	general	0	You can conquer almost any fear if you will only make up your mind to do so. For remember, fear doesn't exist anywhere except in the mind.
authors	creative	general	0	You can do without a woman but not a typewriter.
authors	creative	general	0	You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room.
authors	creative	general	0	You can go home again, the General Temporal Theory asserts, so long as you understand that home is a place where you have never been. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	You can make more friends in two months by becoming interested in other people than you can in two years by trying to get other people interested in you.
authors	creative	general	0	You can see the old cities still everywhere. The bones and bricks go to dust, but the little pieces of plastic never do - they never adapt either. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	You can take for granted that people know more or less what a street, a shop, a beach, a sky, an oak tree look like. Tell them what makes this one different.
authors	creative	general	0	You can't die with an unfinished book.
authors	creative	general	0	You can't remember the plot of the Dr Who movie because it didn't have one, just a lot of plot holes strung together. It did have a lot of flashing lights, though.
authors	creative	general	0	You can't trample infidels when you're a tortoise. I mean, all you could do is give them a meaningful look.
authors	creative	general	0	You cannot buy the revolution. You cannot make the revolution. You can only be the revolution. It is in your spirit, or it is nowhere. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	You cannot buy the revolution... you can only BE the revolution Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	You cannot buy the revolution/You cannot make the revolution/You can only BE the revolution! It is in your spirit/ or it is nowhere. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	You cannot take what you have not given, and you must give yourself. You cannot buy the Revolution. You cannot make the Revolution. You can only be the Revolution. It is in your spirit, or it is nowhere. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	You cant crush ideas by suppressing them. You can only crush them by ignoring them. By refusing to think, refusing to change. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	You cant crush ideas by suppressing them. You can only crush them by ignoring them. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	You die, but most of what you have accumulated will not be lost; you are leaving a message in a bottle.
authors	creative	general	0	You don't see yet, Genry, why we perfected and practice Fortelling?" "No..." "To exhibit the perfect uselessness of knowing the answer to the wrong question. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	You don't speak of dreams as unreal. They exist. They leave a mark behind them. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	You dont see yet, Genry, why we perfected and practice Foretelling? No To exhibit the perfect uselessness of knowing the answer to the wrong question. I Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	You fear them because you fear death, and rightly: for death is terrible and must be feared,' the mage said...'And life is also a terrible thing,' Ged said, 'and must be feared and praised. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	You get ideas from daydreaming. You get ideas from being bored. You get ideas all the time. The only difference between writers and other people is we notice when we're doing it.
authors	creative	general	0	You go to the Place of the Lie to find out the truth? Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	You have brains in your head. You have feet in your shoes. You can steer yourself in any direction you choose. You're on your own, and you know what you know. And you are the guy who'll decide where to go.
authors	creative	general	0	You have not thought things through, he said. By his standards it was a brutal insult. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Word for World is Forest
authors	creative	general	0	You have nothing. You posses nothing. You own nothing. You are free. All you have is what you are, and what you give. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	You have to have really wide reading habits and pay attention to the news and just everything that's going on in the world: you need to. If you get this right, then the writing is a piece of cake.
authors	creative	general	0	You have to help another person. But it's not right to play God with masses of people. To be God you have to know what you're doing. And to do any good at all, just believing you're right and your motives are good isn't enough. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	You hear the best stories from ordinary people. That sense of immediacy is more real to me than a lot of writerly, literary-type crafted stories. I want that immediacy when I read a novel.
authors	creative	general	0	You know theres always prejudice in a revolutionary movement. Ursula Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	You know, it's weird being interviewed! Because the weird thing about being interviewed is you get asked these questions that you've never thought about, and you find out what you think as you answer.
authors	creative	general	0	You make 'em, I amuse 'em.
authors	creative	general	0	You may take great comfort from the fact that suffering inwardly for the sake of truth proves abundantly that one loves it and marks one out as being of the elect. ~ Ernest Renan
authors	creative	general	0	You must be Arha, or you must be Tenar. You cannot be both. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	You never achieve success unless you like what you are doing.
authors	creative	general	0	You put another lock on the door and call it democracy. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	You realize you have no control over how you're perceived.
authors	creative	general	0	You see, I dont write the way I was trained to write at the conservatory. I write dysfunctional music. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad.
authors	creative	general	0	You shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	You should hurry up and acquire the cigar habit. It's one of the major happinesses. And so much more lasting than love, so much less costly in emotional wear and tear.
authors	creative	general	0	You should hurry up and acquire the cigar habit. It's one of the major happinesses. And so much more lasting than love, so much less costly in emotional wear and tear. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	You were the vessel of evil. The Evil is poured out. It is done. It is buried in it's own tomb. You were never made for cruelty and darkness; you were made to hold light Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	You're a respectable woman, dearie, and her reputation is a woman's wealth." "Her wealth," Tenar repeated in the same blank way; then she said it again: "Her wealth. Her treasure. Her hoard. Her value... Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
authors	creative	general	0	You're in pretty good shape for the shape you are in.
authors	creative	general	0	You're never too old, too wacky, too wild, to pick up a book and read to a child.
authors	creative	general	0	You're trying to reach progressive, humanitarian goals with a tool that isnt suited to the job. Who has humanitarian dreams? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	Young people do not watch television; they are on the Internet.
authors	creative	general	0	Your purpose is to make your audience see what you saw, hear what you heard, feel what you felt. Relevant detail, couched in concrete, colorful language, is the best way to recreate the incident as it happened and to picture it for the audience.
authors	creative	general	0	Your true traveller finds boredom rather agreeable than painful. It is the symbol of his liberty - his excessive freedom. He accepts his boredom, when it comes, not merely philosophically, but almost with pleasure.
authors	creative	general	0	Your true traveller finds boredom rather agreeable than painful. It is the symbol of his liberty - his excessive freedom. He accepts his boredom, when it comes, not merely philosophically, but almost with pleasure. ~ Aldous Huxley
authors	creative	general	0	[...]falcon-winged, falcon-mad, like an unfalling arrow, like an unforgotten thought. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	[T]he status of women in a society is a pretty reliable index of the degree of civilization of that society. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Language of the Night: Essays on Fantasy and Science Fiction
authors	creative	general	0	[T]he thought was meaningless, an attempt to quantify direct experience. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	[T]hey had not taught the boy to lie. But they had not taught him to know truth from lies. Ursula K. Le Guin, City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	a book is a box of words until you open it. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	a book were written all in numbers, it would be true. It would be just. Nothing said in words ever came out quite even. Things in words got twisted and ran together, instead of staying straight and fitting together. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	a man: who, knowing his whole true self, cannot be used or possessed by any power other than himself, and whose life therefore is lived for lifes sake and never in the service of ruin, or pain, or hatred, or the dark. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	adumbration of Ursula K. Le Guin, The Complete Orsinia: Malafrena / Stories and Songs
authors	creative	general	0	and none could cry Murder, but only Justice done. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	are all contingent. Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia
authors	creative	general	0	assumed that if you removed a human beings natural incentive to workhis initiative, his spontaneous creative energyand replaced it with external motivation and coercion, he would become a lazy and careless worker. But Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	bom ter um objetivo nas jornadas que empreendemos; mas, no fim das contas, o que importa a jornada em si. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Mo Esquerda da Escurido
authors	creative	general	0	but you're not a traitor, you've merely been the tool of one. I don't punish tools. They do harm only in the hands of a bad workman. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	cats have no guilt and very little shame. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	dont know if our life has a purpose and I dont see that it matters. What does matter is that were a part. Like a thread in a cloth or a grass-blade in a field. It is and we are. What we do is like wind blowing on the grass. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	existed. He had grown up in a country run by politicians who sent the pilots to man the bombers to kill the babies to make the world safe for children to grow up in. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	exudation on Ursula K. Le Guin, The Unreal and the Real: Selected Stories Volume Two: Outer Space, Inner Lands
authors	creative	general	0	figurines and souvenirs and kickshaws and mementos and gewgaws and bric-a-brac, everything either useless to begin with or ornamented so as to disguise its use; acres of luxuries, acres of excrement. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	for though only the society could give security and stability, only the individual, the person, had the power of moral choicethe power of change, the essential function of life. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	he laughed. Do they expect students not to be anarchists? he said. What else can the young be? When you are on the bottom, you must organize from the bottom up! Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	he saw what was up and Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	he thought no more of performing the lesser arts of magic than a bird thinks of flying. Yet a greater, unlearned skill he possessed, which was the art of kindness. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	his heart going hard. Ursula K. Le Guin, Worlds of Exile and Illusion: Rocannon's World / Planet of Exile / City of Illusions
authors	creative	general	0	if I wanted to be the center of the universe Id have a dog. Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	it doesnt take a thousand men to open a door, Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	it is as if i were dead, and this is the after-life, her in the sunlight, beyond the edge of the world, among the sons and daughters of the sea. Ursula K. Le Guin
authors	creative	general	0	it is strange, exceedingly strange, to know that ones life has been fulfilled. Yet Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	itself and to its consequences, and makes you act again and yet again. Then very seldom do you come upon a space, a time like this, between act and act, when you may stop and simply be. Or wonder who, after all, you are. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore
authors	creative	general	0	kids could and did swim in it happily as in their native element, at least until some teacher or professor told them they had to come out, dry off, and breathe modernism ever after. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	kisi de ayrlk yznden ac ekmilerdi, epeyce ac ekmilerdi, ama ikisi de ballklarndan kaarak acy reddetmeyi dnmemilerdi. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed
authors	creative	general	0	moieties Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
authors	creative	general	0	my books won't take me far into this place Ursula K. Le Guin, Out Here: Poems and Images from Steens Mountain Country
authors	creative	general	0	my heart told me incontrovertibly that neither gender could go far without the other. So, in my story, neither the woman nor the man can get free without the other. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
authors	creative	general	0	new worlds were born of their talking. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	nusuth Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	paralyzing humiliation was a chemical sequel to getting drunk, like the headache. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	patience with him either, always at him to hurry up and Ursula K. Le Guin, Tales from Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	proud men and umbrageous men, casting black shadows. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	put it this way: fictionwriting it, reading itis an act of the imagination. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	said, without sincerity, but with absolute truth, It is a marvelous thing indeed for them as well, the coming to a new world, a new mankind. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	she had never known who she was at all, except sometimes for a moment in meditation, when her I am became It is, and she breathed the stars Ursula K. Le Guin, The Birthday of the World and Other Stories
authors	creative	general	0	she sipped her coffee and brandy, which would have grown hair on a Chihuahua. There Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven
authors	creative	general	0	so long as Ive tried to understand what the author tried to do, and have no illusions of my critical infallibility, condoning inferiority isnt an option open to me. Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	some men who live hard and in good health cant believe sickness or weakness is anything but laziness, a sham. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	spare time is the time not spent at your job or at otherwise keeping yourself Ursula K. Le Guin, No Time to Spare: Thinking About What Matters
authors	creative	general	0	stediin kadar bir ta sula, ta bymez. Ursula K. Le Guin, Tehanu
authors	creative	general	0	that silent vastness of fire and ice that said in enormous letters of black and white DEATH, DEATH, written right across a continent. The sledge pulled like a feather, and we laughed with joy. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	the Old Powers of earth are not for men to use. They were never given into our hands, and in our hands they work only ruin. Ill means, ill end. I was not drawn here, but driven here, and the force that drove me works to my undoing. Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	the longer he lived on Urras, the less real it became to him. It seemed Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed: An Ambiguous Utopia
authors	creative	general	0	the process is one of growth, and primitiveness and civilization are degrees of the same thing. If civilization has an opposite, it is war. Of those two things, you have either one, or the other. Not both. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	the sure, quick, and lasting way to make people into a nation: war. His Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	the truth is a matter of the imagination LeGuin, Ursula
authors	creative	general	0	the vehicle you arrived on, locked up where we cant see it, would it be possible, as suggested, for you to bring down your ... Star Ship? What do you call it? Ai: Star Ship is a good name, sir. Alshel: Oh? What do you call it? Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	we must learn to keep the balance. Having intelligence, we must not act in ignorance. Having choice we must not act without. Who am i-though i have the power to do it- to punish and reward, playing with men's destinies? Le Guin, Ursula K.
authors	creative	general	0	what I told them was 'a poem,' a thing made by a maker, a work of art, part history of long ago, part invention. Ursula K. Le Guin, Powers
authors	creative	general	0	which seemed best to us. And they enjoyed it so much they collected the stories into a Book of Fantasy, Ursula K. Le Guin, Words Are My Matter: Writings About Life and Books, 2000-2016, with a Journal of a Writers Week
authors	creative	general	0	white-skinned, Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea
authors	creative	general	0	you're not a traitor, youve merely been the tool of one. I dont punish tools. They do harm only in the hands of a bad workman. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
authors	creative	general	0	zgrlk ar bir yktr, ruhun yklenmesi gereken byk ve garip bir sorumluluk. Kolay deildir. Verilen bir armaan deil, yaplan bir seimdir; bu seim de zor bir seim olabilir. Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan
artists	creative	general	0	'Art or anti-art?' was the question I asked when I returned from Munich in 1912 and decided to abandon pure painting or painting for its own sake. I thought of introducing elements alien to painting as the only way out of a pictorial and chromatic dead end.
artists	creative	general	0	A beautiful body perishes, but a work of art dies not.
artists	creative	general	0	A creator needs only one enthusiast to justify him.
artists	creative	general	0	A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
artists	creative	general	0	A game of chess is a visual and plastic thing, and if it isn't geometric in the static sense of the word, it is mechanical, since it moves. It's a drawing; it's a mechanical reality.
artists	creative	general	0	A lot of things have been thrown at me in life, and I've got through it all without a rule book, taking it one day at a time.
artists	creative	general	0	A nation that has no music and no fairytales is a tragedy.
artists	creative	general	0	A painting that doesn't shock isn't worth painting.
artists	creative	general	0	A powerful performance will transform everyone in the room.
artists	creative	general	0	Abstract painting is abstract. It confronts you. There was a reviewer a while back who wrote that my pictures didn't have any beginning or any end. He didn't mean it as a compliment, but it was.
artists	creative	general	0	Action is the foundational key to all success.
artists	creative	general	0	After I was 70, I realized that, 'Okay, I would like to have another 50 years, and I probably could.' But part of me is saying, 'Maybe I'm not going to have that much time.'
artists	creative	general	0	After my husband John Lennon passed away, I tried to smile for my health.
artists	creative	general	0	Alchemy is a kind of philosophy: a kind of thinking that leads to a way of understanding.
artists	creative	general	0	All I can say is, it's not very easy for a woman to be associated with The Beatles.
artists	creative	general	0	All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once he grows up.
artists	creative	general	0	All critics should be assassinated.
artists	creative	general	0	All graffiti is low-level dissent, but stencils have an extra history. They've been used to start revolutions and to stop wars.
artists	creative	general	0	All individual thought is dissolved in universal thought, as all form is dissolved in the universal plastic means of Abstract-Real painting.
artists	creative	general	0	All knowledge which ends in words will die as quickly as it came to life, with the exception of the written word: which is its mechanical part.
artists	creative	general	0	All my concerts had no sounds in them; they were completely silent. People had to make up their own music in their minds!
artists	creative	general	0	All my inspiration comes from life. That's how it never stops, in a way.
artists	creative	general	0	All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
artists	creative	general	0	All painting, beginning with Impressionism, is antiscientific, even Seurat. I was interested in introducing the precise and exact aspect of science, which hadn't often been done, or at least hadn't been talked about very much.
artists	creative	general	0	All that is base in the masses is temporary, no doubt serving only to prevent evolution (that of the elite, as well) from proceeding too quickly and thus not becoming 'reality.'
artists	creative	general	0	All the gossip and craziness becomes a kind of sustained narrative which, in turn, can become history. It's scary.
artists	creative	general	0	Although my art work was heavily informed by my design work on a formal and visual level, as regards meaning and content the two practices parted ways.
artists	creative	general	0	Although nature commences with reason and ends in experience it is necessary for us to do the opposite, that is to commence with experience and from this to proceed to investigate the reason.
artists	creative	general	0	Americans don't like European movies.
artists	creative	general	0	An artist has to look at the future, to see what we can do better.
artists	creative	general	0	An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have.
artists	creative	general	0	An artist should not fall in love with another artist.
artists	creative	general	0	An idea is a point of departure and no more. As soon as you elaborate it, it becomes transformed by thought.
artists	creative	general	0	An original is a creation motivated by desire. Any reproduction of an originals motivated be necessity. It is marvelous that we are the only species that creates gratuitous forms. To create is divine, to reproduce is human.
artists	creative	general	0	Anyone who conducts an argument by appealing to authority is not using his intelligence; he is just using his memory.
artists	creative	general	0	Anyone who doesn't feel the crosses simply doesn't get that country.
artists	creative	general	0	Are we to paint what's on the face, what's inside the face, or what's behind it?
artists	creative	general	0	Art doesn't interest me. Only artists interest me.
artists	creative	general	0	Art for me is like breathing.
artists	creative	general	0	Art is a habit-forming drug. Art has absolutely no existence as veracity, as truth. People always speak of it with this great, religious reverence, but why should it be so revered?
artists	creative	general	0	Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.
artists	creative	general	0	Art is a mind-game that we do to make our lives easier. If it isn't for that, it becomes superfluous.
artists	creative	general	0	Art is all a matter of personality.
artists	creative	general	0	Art is like breathing for me. If I don't do it, I start to choke.
artists	creative	general	0	Art is my life and my life is art.
artists	creative	general	0	Art is never finished, only abandoned.
artists	creative	general	0	Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs.
artists	creative	general	0	Art is the elimination of the unnecessary.
artists	creative	general	0	Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.
artists	creative	general	0	Art is the path to being spiritual.
artists	creative	general	0	Art is what you can get away with.
artists	creative	general	0	Art shows and the institutions end up being the couriers for culture for the next generation and are an important component as well. It may seem ironic from one perspective, but I think if you look at my overall strategy, it's actually not out of step.
artists	creative	general	0	Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
artists	creative	general	0	Art? That's a man's name.
artists	creative	general	0	Artists and musicians of the Sixties were definitely into clothes.
artists	creative	general	0	Artists are going to be the metronome of this society.
artists	creative	general	0	Artists can do whatever they want!
artists	creative	general	0	Artists of all times are like the gamblers of Monte Carlo, and this blind lottery allows some to succeed and ruins others. In my opinion, neither the winners nor the losers are worth worrying about.
artists	creative	general	0	Artists should never think of themselves as an idol. Fame is a side effect of one's work.
artists	creative	general	0	As a person, I was born to give out my opinions. By giving out my opinions, I realize who I am. As long as I can communicate, I'm not so lonely. If I cannot travel, or do art, or have company, if they take away all my belongings, it doesn't matter at all.
artists	creative	general	0	As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death.
artists	creative	general	0	As every divided kingdom falls, so every mind divided between many studies confounds and saps itself.
artists	creative	general	0	As tradition, the female element clings to the old art and opposes anything new - precisely because each new art moves further away from the natural appearance of things.
artists	creative	general	0	At least I had that, one guy understood me.
artists	creative	general	0	At the age of six I wanted to be a cook. At seven I wanted to be Napoleon. And my ambition has been growing steadily ever since.
artists	creative	general	0	Bad stories are written about me because the press knows they can make me into a weeping dog and few people will object.
artists	creative	general	0	Because Great Britain has self-confidence, it doesn't need a monumental Olympics.
artists	creative	general	0	Because of technology, we don't develop telepathy. We don't use telepathy, but use, you know, the mobile phones. Why?
artists	creative	general	0	Because of the economic crisis, China and the United States are bound together. This is a totally new phenomenon, and nobody will fight for ideology anymore. It's all about business.
artists	creative	general	0	Before I was shot, I always thought that I was more half-there than all-there - I always suspected that I was watching TV instead of living life. Right when I was being shot and ever since, I knew that I was watching television.
artists	creative	general	0	Beijing's Olympics were very grand - they were trying to throw a party for the world, but the hosts didn't enjoy it. The government didn't care about people's feelings because it was trying to create an image.
artists	creative	general	0	Being alone is very difficult.
artists	creative	general	0	Being an artist is not easy - I have always said that to the students I have taught over the years. It's a huge sacrifice.
artists	creative	general	0	Being born is like being kidnapped. And then sold into slavery.
artists	creative	general	0	Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
artists	creative	general	0	Believe it or not, I can actually draw.
artists	creative	general	0	Beyond a doubt truth bears the same relation to falsehood as light to darkness.
artists	creative	general	0	Blinding ignorance does mislead us. O! Wretched mortals, open your eyes!
artists	creative	general	0	Bums are the well-to-do of this day. They didn't have as far to fall.
artists	creative	general	0	But only art and music have the power to bring peace.
artists	creative	general	0	By turning from the surface, one comes closer to the inner laws of matter, which are also the laws of the Spirit.
artists	creative	general	0	Can works be made which are not 'of art'?
artists	creative	general	0	Cancer is an emotional disease.
artists	creative	general	0	Charles Saatchi has never liked my work at all.
artists	creative	general	0	Checks aren't money.
artists	creative	general	0	Chemically speaking or biologically, we research things, but we don't know half of them. We only know our half of it - symbolically - and we don't know ourselves more than half.
artists	creative	general	0	Chess can be described as the movement of pieces eating one another.
artists	creative	general	0	China and the U.S. are two societies with very different attitudes towards opinion and criticism. In China, I am constantly under surveillance. Even my slightest, most innocuous move can - and often is - censored by Chinese authorities.
artists	creative	general	0	China is an old nation with a colourful history. Its booming economy has triggered an appetite and a curiosity around the world for its art and culture, one that continues to grow. I can, however, tell people that it is a show with no actor.
artists	creative	general	0	Colors, like features, follow the changes of the emotions.
artists	creative	general	0	Common Sense is that which judges the things given to it by other senses.
artists	creative	general	0	Company makes my day.
artists	creative	general	0	Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
artists	creative	general	0	Controversy is part of the nature of art and creativity.
artists	creative	general	0	Countries have lost their culture because what they wanted was money. Money became the running theme in every country and culture was sacrificed.
artists	creative	general	0	DJs are in incredible competition, musically. And they are the most musically creative and sensitive people in all the music charts. I am amazed how they are.
artists	creative	general	0	Dada was an extreme protest against the physical side of painting. It was a metaphysical attitude.
artists	creative	general	0	Dance, theatre, etc. as art, will disappear along with the dominating 'expression' of tragedy and harmony: the movement of life itself will become harmonious.
artists	creative	general	0	Dancing is a very healthy thing to do for our body.
artists	creative	general	0	Democratic societies are unfit for the publication of such thunderous revelations as I am in the habit of making.
artists	creative	general	0	Direct address has been a consistent tactic in my work, regardless of the medium that I'm working in.
artists	creative	general	0	Disciples be damned. It's not interesting. It's only the masters that matter. Those who create.
artists	creative	general	0	Distance doesn't exist, in fact, and neither does time. Vibrations from love or music can be felt everywhere, at all times.
artists	creative	general	0	Distortion came first from the fauves, who, in turn, were under the strong influence of primitive art.
artists	creative	general	0	Do you know why language manifests itself the way it does in my work? It's because I understand short attention spans.
artists	creative	general	0	Don't bother about being modern. Unfortunately it is the one thing that, whatever you do, you cannot avoid.
artists	creative	general	0	Don't pay any attention to what they write about you. Just measure it in inches.
artists	creative	general	0	Don't put my name on it. These are simply documents I make.
artists	creative	general	0	Drawing is the honesty of the art. There is no possibility of cheating. It is either good or bad.
artists	creative	general	0	During the 1960s, I think, people forgot what emotions were supposed to be. And I don't think they've ever remembered.
artists	creative	general	0	Dying is the most embarrassing thing that can ever happen to you, because someone's got to take care of all your details.
artists	creative	general	0	Each man is always in the middle of the surface of the earth and under the zenith of his own hemisphere, and over the centre of the earth.
artists	creative	general	0	Each morning when I awake, I experience again a supreme pleasure - that of being Salvador Dali.
artists	creative	general	0	Employees make the best dates. You don't have to pick them up and they're always tax-deductible.
artists	creative	general	0	Energy is so important. If you don't have it, don't bother with rock and roll.
artists	creative	general	0	Even my mother told me: 'You are a handsome woman, but you're not pretty. Pretty girls don't have those big bones.'
artists	creative	general	0	Even now, I have traces of the good little girl. When I am not performing, for instance, I am really very quiet and ordinary.
artists	creative	general	0	Even when I was a little girl, I remember going to the Museum of Modern Art. I think my parents took me there once or twice. And what I really remember is the design collection.
artists	creative	general	0	Events are the best teacher for us. You try to learn from people, there is always some bend to it.
artists	creative	general	0	Every act of creation is first an act of destruction.
artists	creative	general	0	Every action needs to be prompted by a motive.
artists	creative	general	0	Every child is an artist. The problem is how to remain an artist once we grow up.
artists	creative	general	0	Every drop in the ocean counts.
artists	creative	general	0	Every good painter paints what he is.
artists	creative	general	0	Every moment in our lives is a miracle we should enjoy instead of ignoring.
artists	creative	general	0	Every party is the same, too many people, too little food, and you have to wait around. I'm extremely bored with parties.
artists	creative	general	0	Every positive value has its price in negative terms... the genius of Einstein leads to Hiroshima.
artists	creative	general	0	Everybody's an artist. Everybody's God. It's just that they're inhibited.
artists	creative	general	0	Everyone needs a fantasy.
artists	creative	general	0	Everyone wants an iPhone, but it would be impossible to design an iPhone in China because it's not a product; it's an understanding of human nature.
artists	creative	general	0	Everything important that I have done can be put into a little suitcase.
artists	creative	general	0	Everything is a miracle. It is a miracle that one does not dissolve in one's bath like a lump of sugar.
artists	creative	general	0	Everything is expressed through relationship. Colour can exist only through other colours, dimension through other dimensions, position through other positions that oppose them. That is why I regard relationship as the principal thing.
artists	creative	general	0	Everything you can imagine is real.
artists	creative	general	0	Experience does not err. Only your judgments err by expecting from her what is not in her power.
artists	creative	general	0	Experience never errs; it is only your judgments that err by promising themselves effects such as are not caused by your experiments.
artists	creative	general	0	Experience was my only teacher; I knew little of the modern art movement. When I first saw the works of the Impressionists, van Gogh, van Dongen, and Fauves, I admired it. But I had to seek the true way alone.
artists	creative	general	0	Experiencing sadness and anger can make you feel more creative, and by being creative, you can get beyond your pain or negativity.
artists	creative	general	0	Expiring for love is beautiful but stupid.
artists	creative	general	0	Fantasy love is much better than reality love.
artists	creative	general	0	Feet, what do I need you for when I have wings to fly?
artists	creative	general	0	First of all, to do performance art, you really have to give 100 percent. I only know that I have to give 100 percent and then what happens, happens.
artists	creative	general	0	For a while, I was drawing on good paper, but now I've gone back to the bad stuff. I put matte medium on it. If you put matte medium on it, it seals up, so it doesn't really matter.
artists	creative	general	0	For me, it is OK as long as I can breathe, as long as my heart is pumping, as long as I can express myself.
artists	creative	general	0	For me, performance is a holy ground. When I perform, I really step into a different state of consciousness.
artists	creative	general	0	For me, the 'Three Stoppages' was a first gesture liberating me from the past.
artists	creative	general	0	For me, the most difficult piece is the one I'm about to make.
artists	creative	general	0	For me, there has always been a disconnect with the sort of elitist structure of the high-art world - and my distaste for that is at odds with my feeling that art should aspire to do great things.
artists	creative	general	0	For once you have tasted flight you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been and there you will long to return.
artists	creative	general	0	For, verily, great love springs from great knowledge of the beloved object, and if you little know it, you will be able to love it only little or not at all.
artists	creative	general	0	Fracking is an incredible risk to the human race, I don't know why they even thought of doing it.
artists	creative	general	0	Fracking kills, and it doesn't just kill us. It kills the land, nature and, eventually, the whole world.
artists	creative	general	0	From a purely ethnological point of view, I was not a period-born Dada.
artists	creative	general	0	From the moment you are born, you could die. I think as an artist it is important to meditate on that.
artists	creative	general	0	Give me a museum and I'll fill it.
artists	creative	general	0	God is really only another artist. He invented the giraffe, the elephant and the cat. He has no real style, He just goes on trying other things.
artists	creative	general	0	Good artists copy, great artists steal.
artists	creative	general	0	Graffiti's always been a temporary art form. You make your mark and then they scrub it off.
artists	creative	general	0	Gravity is not controlled physically in us by one of the 5 ordinary senses. We always reduce a gravity experience to an autocognizance, real or imagined, registered inside us in the region of the stomach.
artists	creative	general	0	Great Art is Great because it inspired you greatly. If it didn't, no matter what the critics, the museums and the galleries say, it's not great art for you.
artists	creative	general	0	Happiness comes from the full understanding of your own being.
artists	creative	general	0	Happiness is such a good state, it doesn't need to be creative. You're not creative from happiness, you're just happy. You're creative when you're miserable and depressed. You find the key to transform things. Happiness does not need to transform.
artists	creative	general	0	Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it.
artists	creative	general	0	Having a son is not all pleasure.
artists	creative	general	0	He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
artists	creative	general	0	He drove his kind of realism at me so hard I bounced right into nonobjective painting.
artists	creative	general	0	He who is fixed to a star does not change his mind.
artists	creative	general	0	He who loves practice without theory is like the sailor who boards ship without a rudder and compass and never knows where he may cast.
artists	creative	general	0	He who wishes to be rich in a day will be hanged in a year.
artists	creative	general	0	Healing yourself is connected with healing others.
artists	creative	general	0	How many emperors and how many princes have lived and died and no record of them remains, and they only sought to gain dominions and riches in order that their fame might be ever-lasting.
artists	creative	general	0	Human subtlety will never devise an invention more beautiful, more simple or more direct than does nature because in her inventions nothing is lacking, and nothing is superfluous.
artists	creative	general	0	Humor and laughter - not necessarily derogatory derision - are my pet tools. This may come from my general philosophy of never taking the world too seriously - for fear of dying of boredom.
artists	creative	general	0	I admire Ai Weiwei for his art and his activism. His art is beautiful in form, and in function embodies the principles of populism and social consciousness I aspire to in my own practice.
artists	creative	general	0	I admire all people who are trying to be a good power in this chaotic world.
artists	creative	general	0	I always hear myself saying, 'She's a beauty!' or 'He's a beauty!' or 'What a beauty!' but I never know what I'm talking about.
artists	creative	general	0	I always like to see if the art across the street is better than mine.
artists	creative	general	0	I always thought I'd like my own tombstone to be blank. No epitaph, and no name. Well, actually, I'd like it to say 'figment.'
artists	creative	general	0	I always thought that I was an important musician. If you don't have that confidence, why would you go on and do it?
artists	creative	general	0	I always wished I had died, and I still wish that, because I could have gotten the whole thing over with.
artists	creative	general	0	I am a deeply superficial person.
artists	creative	general	0	I am afraid to end up being in need to sell canvases - in other words, to be a society painter.
artists	creative	general	0	I am against the word 'anti' because it's a little bit like 'atheist,' as compared to 'believer.' And an atheist is just as much of a religious man as the believer is.
artists	creative	general	0	I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
artists	creative	general	0	I am aware of the sufferings of women in India, which is also the suffering of women in many, many countries on our planet. My heart is filled with empathy and love for them.
artists	creative	general	0	I am extremely rebellious. I have this strong, defiant spirit.
artists	creative	general	0	I am happy to be alive, as long as I can paint.
artists	creative	general	0	I am in agreement with everything my father taught me and nothing my mother taught me.
artists	creative	general	0	I am interested in ideas, not merely in visual products.
artists	creative	general	0	I am my own muse, the subject I know best.
artists	creative	general	0	I am not a black artist, I am an artist.
artists	creative	general	0	I am not a therapist. I am not a spiritual leader. These elements are in the art: it is therapeutic, spiritual, social and political - everything. It has many layers. But art has to have many layers. If it doesn't, then forget it.
artists	creative	general	0	I am not free because I can be exploded anytime.
artists	creative	general	0	I am only interested in the ideas that become obsessive and make me feel uneasy. The ideas that I'm afraid of.
artists	creative	general	0	I am only satisfied insofar as I feel 'Broadway Boogie Woogie' is a definite progress, but even about this picture I am not quite satisfied. There is still too much of the old in it.
artists	creative	general	0	I am still a victim of chess. It has all the beauty of art - and much more. It cannot be commercialized. Chess is much purer than art in its social position.
artists	creative	general	0	I am very clear that I am not a feminist. It puts you into a category and I don't like that.
artists	creative	general	0	I began as a naturalistic painter. Very quickly I felt the urgent need for a more concise form of expression and an economy of means. I never stopped progressing toward abstraction.
artists	creative	general	0	I began to see that the short texts I was writing were poster material.
artists	creative	general	0	I begin with an idea and then it becomes something else.
artists	creative	general	0	I believe I would rather have Stieglitz like something - anything I had done - than anyone else I know.
artists	creative	general	0	I believe so much in the power of performance I don't want to convince people. I want them to experience it and come away convinced on their own.
artists	creative	general	0	I believe that life is shorter; that is why we have to make experience longer.
artists	creative	general	0	I believe the artist has an obligation to society.
artists	creative	general	0	I call on people to be 'obsessed citizens,' forever questioning and asking for accountability. That's the only chance we have today of a healthy and happy life.
artists	creative	general	0	I came to feel an artist might use anything - a dot, a line, the most conventional or unconventional symbol - t say what he wanted to say.
artists	creative	general	0	I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.
artists	creative	general	0	I continue to get further away from the usual painter's tools such as easel, palette, brushes, etc.
artists	creative	general	0	I couldn't go into the haphazard drawing or the paintings, the splashing of paint. I wanted to go back to a completely dry drawing, a dry conception of art.
artists	creative	general	0	I decided that if I could paint that flower in a huge scale, you could not ignore its beauty.
artists	creative	general	0	I decided to start anew, to strip away what I had been taught.
artists	creative	general	0	I did not break up the Beatles. You can't have it both ways. If you're going to blame me for breaking the Beatles up, you should be thankful that I made them into myth rather than a crumbling group.
artists	creative	general	0	I didn't abandon everything at a moment's notice - on the contrary. I returned to France from America, leaving the 'Large Glass' unfinished.
artists	creative	general	0	I didn't get paid for performances most of my life. If I did, I would be billionaire now, and I'm not.
artists	creative	general	0	I do not know how I shall develop, but for the present, I am continuing to work within ordinary, generally known terrain, different only because of a deep substratum, which leads those who are receptive to sense the finer regions.
artists	creative	general	0	I do not paint a portrait to look like the subject, rather does the person grow to look like his portrait.
artists	creative	general	0	I do not seek. I find.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't believe in a chronological way of doing things.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't believe in accidents. There are only encounters in history. There are no accidents.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't believe in art. I believe in artists.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't believe in the so-called Olympic spirit. I speak from personal experience. When China hosted the Games, it failed to include the people. The event was constructed without regard for their joy.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't do drugs. I am drugs.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't do husbands. I don't do children.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't have a goal. I don't limit myself to a goal.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't have this obsessive need to do street art all the time because it's already opened doors for me.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't have time to listen to anybody's music. I'm making it, you know.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't know anything about the afterlife because I haven't been there yet.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't know how to write love letters.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't know why people are so keen to put the details of their private life in public; they forget that invisibility is a superpower.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't listen to what art critics say. I don't know anybody who needs a critic to find out what art is.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't necessarily think that installation is the only way to go. It's just a label for certain kinds of arrangements.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't think about art when I'm working. I try to think about life.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't think about the future. I don't think about the past. I just think of what comes into my head at the time. So that might be about the past, that might be about the future. Or, the present.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't think it's worth discussing new directions in the context of Chinese art - there were no old directions, either. Chinese art has never had any clear orientation.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't think you should always stay calm in a tense situation, because you might not ever confront the problem. Maybe it's better to actually let yourself be tense - and find a solution.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't very much enjoy looking at paintings in general. I know too much about them. I take them apart.
artists	creative	general	0	I don't work from drawings. I don't make sketches and drawings and color sketches into a final painting.
artists	creative	general	0	I feel that my work is not in vain, that it does have a place in society, even though it may not be considered that it has a place in society - it doesn't matter.
artists	creative	general	0	I feel there is something unexplored about woman that only a woman can explore.
artists	creative	general	0	I feel uncomfortable with the term public art, because I'm not sure what it means. If it means what I think it does, then I don't do it. I'm not crazy about categories.
artists	creative	general	0	I find that Americans completely lack sensibility and good taste. They are boring, and they all have faces like unbaked rolls.
artists	creative	general	0	I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn't say any other way - things I had no words for.
artists	creative	general	0	I get up about four times a night and go back to sleep, or not. Then I swill tea around 8 a.m. I answer e-mail, while I stall thinking about whatever scares me.
artists	creative	general	0	I get very nervous before I get on the stage, but once I'm on the stage, I'm just, you know, me. Nothing hurts me.
artists	creative	general	0	I give away thousands of paintings for free.
artists	creative	general	0	I had a lot of dates but I decided to stay home and dye my eyebrows.
artists	creative	general	0	I had a very difficult relationship with my mother. She used to wake me up in the middle of the night if I wasn't sleeping straight and was messing up the sheets. Now when I stay in hotels I sleep so straight they don't even think I've used the bed.
artists	creative	general	0	I had some money, I made the best paintings ever. I was completely reclusive, worked a lot, took a lot of drugs. I was awful to people.
artists	creative	general	0	I had to create an equivalent for what I felt about what I was looking at - not copy it.
artists	creative	general	0	I had to figure out how to bring the world into my work.
artists	creative	general	0	I had very few friends. There was nobody I could trust. I left home when I was fifteen. I lived in Washington Square Park.
artists	creative	general	0	I happen to have been born a Cartesian. The French education is based on a sequence of strict logic. You carry it with you.
artists	creative	general	0	I hardly ever stretch the canvas before painting.
artists	creative	general	0	I hate flowers - I paint them because they're cheaper than models and they don't move.
artists	creative	general	0	I hate kitchens. I don't understand these enormous American kitchens that take up half the living room and then they just order pizza.
artists	creative	general	0	I hate studio. For me, studio is a trap to overproduce and repeat yourself. It is a habit that leads to art pollution.
artists	creative	general	0	I have Dalinian thought: the one thing the world will never have enough of is the outrageous.
artists	creative	general	0	I have Social Disease. I have to go out every night. If I stay home one night I start spreading rumors to my dogs.
artists	creative	general	0	I have a horror of people who speak about the beautiful. What is the beautiful? One must speak of problems in painting!
artists	creative	general	0	I have a painting where somebody's holding a chicken, and underneath the chicken is somebody's head.
artists	creative	general	0	I have always felt it is my destiny to build a machine that would allow man to fly.
artists	creative	general	0	I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
artists	creative	general	0	I have been known as the minimal and conceptual artist for over five decades. I think I haven't changed much.
artists	creative	general	0	I have done only two portraits: one of the artist Francesco Clemente and another of Andy Warhol.
artists	creative	general	0	I have forced myself to contradict myself in order to avoid conforming to my own taste.
artists	creative	general	0	I have found that, in the composition of the human body as compared with the bodies of animals, the organs of sense are duller and coarser. Thus, it is composed of less ingenious instruments, and of spaces less capacious for receiving the faculties of sense.
artists	creative	general	0	I have no fear of making changes, destroying the image, etc., because the painting has a life of its own.
artists	creative	general	0	I have nothing to say, I am saying it, and that is poetry.
artists	creative	general	0	I have offended God and mankind because my work didn't reach the quality it should have.
artists	creative	general	0	I have only one life, so I want to make sure it's a good one.
artists	creative	general	0	I have things in my head that are not like what anyone has taught me - shapes and ideas so near to me - so natural to my way of being and thinking that it hasn't occurred to me to put them down.
artists	creative	general	0	I have wasted my hours.
artists	creative	general	0	I haven't been in the Louvre for twenty years. It doesn't interest me because I have these doubts about the value of the judgments which decided that all these pictures should be presented to the Louvre instead of others which weren't even considered.
artists	creative	general	0	I just go with the flow, so any style can be in my music - that makes it exciting.
artists	creative	general	0	I just happen to like ordinary things. When I paint them, I don't try to make them extraordinary. I just try to paint them ordinary-ordinary.
artists	creative	general	0	I just like to explore all sorts of different forms - no, 'explore' is not even the word - enjoy. You don't want to limit yourself to a particular form.
artists	creative	general	0	I just say I'm an artist who works with pictures and words.
artists	creative	general	0	I just want to be healthy and stay alive and keep my family going and everything and keep my friends going and try to do something so that this world will be peaceful. That is the most ambitious and the most difficult thing, but I'm there trying to do it.
artists	creative	general	0	I just wish that people will be kinder to me when I pass away.
artists	creative	general	0	I know now that most people are so closely concerned with themselves that they are not aware of their own individuality, I can see myself, and it has helped me to say what I want to say in paint.
artists	creative	general	0	I leave you my portrait so that you will have my presence all the days and nights that I am away from you.
artists	creative	general	0	I like artists who have something to say, not wallpaper.
artists	creative	general	0	I like boring things.
artists	creative	general	0	I like kids' work more than work by real artists any day.
artists	creative	general	0	I like living, breathing better than working... Each second, each breath is a work which is inscribed nowhere, which is neither visual nor cerebral. It's a kind of constant euphoria.
artists	creative	general	0	I like suggesting that 'we are slaves to the objects around us,' that 'plenty should be enough,' or that the 'buyer should beware,' within the context of conventional selling space.
artists	creative	general	0	I like to work when I'm not working - do something that may not be considered work, but to me it's work. Getting exercise by going to the grocery store.
artists	creative	general	0	I love Los Angeles, and I love Hollywood. They're beautiful. Everybody's plastic, but I love plastic. I want to be plastic.
artists	creative	general	0	I love the way capitalism finds a place - even for its enemies.
artists	creative	general	0	I love you more than my own skin.
artists	creative	general	0	I mean, making art is about objectifying your experience of the world, transforming the flow of moments into something visual, or textual, or musical, whatever. Art creates a kind of commentary.
artists	creative	general	0	I moved to New York in the 1970s and started writing when I was at the Whitney Museum Independent Study Program.
artists	creative	general	0	I must say that I always thought I had a voice, even when I was 4 years old.
artists	creative	general	0	I never paint dreams or nightmares. I paint my own reality.
artists	creative	general	0	I never think that people die. They just go to department stores.
artists	creative	general	0	I never thought I would go into the dance charts.
artists	creative	general	0	I never want projects to be finished; I have always believed in unfinished work. I got that from Schubert, you know, the 'Unfinished Symphony.'
artists	creative	general	0	I notice if I'm too fat or if I'm too ugly or there's skin hanging or whatever. When my clothes start not fitting, I get really self-conscious about what I eat.
artists	creative	general	0	I often lay on that bench looking up into the tree, past the trunk and up into the branches. It was particularly fine at night with the stars above the tree.
artists	creative	general	0	I often painted fragments of things because it seemed to make my statement as well as or better than the whole could.
artists	creative	general	0	I paint flowers so they will not die.
artists	creative	general	0	I paint my own reality. The only thing I know is that I paint because I need to, and I paint whatever passes through my head without any other consideration.
artists	creative	general	0	I paint objects as I think them, not as I see them.
artists	creative	general	0	I paint self-portraits because I am so often alone, because I am the person I know best.
artists	creative	general	0	I paint what cannot be photographed, that which comes from the imagination or from dreams, or from an unconscious drive.
artists	creative	general	0	I photograph the things that I do not wish to paint, the things which already have an existence.
artists	creative	general	0	I played a guitar with a file, and a synthesizer.
artists	creative	general	0	I put on the canvas whatever comes into my mind.
artists	creative	general	0	I realized that if my thoughts immediately affect my body, I should be careful about what I think. Now if I get angry, I ask myself why I feel that way. If I can find the source of my anger, I can turn that negative energy into something positive.
artists	creative	general	0	I really don't like art where you need to know so much theory to understand. If the theory is removed, it doesn't do anything. That means that this work is an illustration of theory, and I don't believe in the power of the work itself.
artists	creative	general	0	I really had no program or any established plan. I didn't even ask myself if I should sell my paintings or not.
artists	creative	general	0	I really like doing the laundry, because I succeed at it. But I loathe putting it away. It is already clean.
artists	creative	general	0	I really think there's no difference between an art piece made by a man and one made by a woman. Is it a good art piece or a bad art piece? Of course, if you're female, you're maybe dealing with different issues.
artists	creative	general	0	I relate to happiness as an ecstatic moment - something you don't create, you encounter.
artists	creative	general	0	I respect Lady Gaga very much.
artists	creative	general	0	I said to myself, I have things in my head that are not like what anyone has taught me - shapes and ideas so near to me - so natural to my way of being and thinking that it hasn't occurred to me to put them down.
artists	creative	general	0	I saw that nothing was permanent. You don't want to possess anything that is dear to you because you might lose it.
artists	creative	general	0	I seated ugliness on my knee, and almost immediately grew tired of it.
artists	creative	general	0	I see so many activists... who are artists because they feel that they have the power of communication.
artists	creative	general	0	I seldom have my stuff up unless I'm testing it. If I'm worrying about a painting, I put it up and see if I detest it quickly or slowly. Otherwise I have things by other artists.
artists	creative	general	0	I shy away from the word 'creation.' In the ordinary, social meaning of the word - well, it's very nice, but fundamentally, I don't believe in the creative function of the artist. He's a man like any other.
artists	creative	general	0	I start a picture and I finish it.
artists	creative	general	0	I started painting graffiti in the classic New York style of big letters and characters but I was never very good at it.
artists	creative	general	0	I suppose I have a really loose interpretation of 'work', because I think that just being alive is so much work at something you don't always want to do. The machinery is always going. Even when you sleep.
artists	creative	general	0	I suspect you've noticed that making art can be lonely.
artists	creative	general	0	I test the limits of myself in order to transform myself, but I also take the energy from the audience and transform it.
artists	creative	general	0	I think 21st century should be art without objects.
artists	creative	general	0	I think Chris Burden is terrific. I really do.
artists	creative	general	0	I think I developed language skills to deal with threat. It's the girl thing to do-you know, instead of pulling out a gun.
artists	creative	general	0	I think energy is the most important thing that we can give to people as performers. Anything else is a little bit pretentious. But energy is not.
artists	creative	general	0	I think everybody should like everybody.
artists	creative	general	0	I think having land and not ruining it is the most beautiful art that anybody could ever want to own.
artists	creative	general	0	I think if you give in and accept society's stereotypes, then you start thinking, 'I cannot dance till late at night because I'm 70.'
artists	creative	general	0	I think it would be terrific if everybody was alike.
artists	creative	general	0	I think it's nice to let people know that there is an invisible part of the world. I think there are many people now who are interested in the invisible world.
artists	creative	general	0	I think kids should go to high school until they're 30. No, really, because people are staying younger now and there's nothing to do. If you stayed longer, then it would be really great.
artists	creative	general	0	I think of John every day. I do try to block it, but December 8th is not the only day I think of him.
artists	creative	general	0	I think of a piece, and then people who are competent fabricate it. But lately I've started finger painting, which probably should be a joke but isn't!
artists	creative	general	0	I think people have to set up little battles. They have to demonize people whom they disagree with or feel threatened by. But it's the ideological framing of the debate that scares me.
artists	creative	general	0	I think that designers have an incredibly broad creative repertoire. They solve. They create images of perfection for any number of clients. I could never do that. I'm my client. That's the difference between an artist and a designer; it's a client relationship.
artists	creative	general	0	I think that every so-called history book and film biography should be prefaced by the statement that what follows is the author's rendition of events and circumstances.
artists	creative	general	0	I think that the destructive element is too much neglected in art.
artists	creative	general	0	I think that there is a sort of spiritual power that is translating into our bodies as we perform. Performers give, and giving is so important. It can heal. That is my experience, anyway.
artists	creative	general	0	I think that there is incredible prejudice about witches while there is no prejudice about wizards. Words are very important, and I'm really into destroying myths.
artists	creative	general	0	I think the first photograph I did was a ballplayer. It was a way of showing action or something.
artists	creative	general	0	I think there are different ways of being rigorous, and I am asking people to be as rigorous in their pleasure as in their criticism.
artists	creative	general	0	I think there are lots of ways to make good work. You can throw big bucks at a project and make what some would call crap, or you can work very modestly with eloquently moving results.
artists	creative	general	0	I think there is a big difference between the music business and music. And my relationship is to music, not music business. I think the business will keep changing, but music won't. Music will be there.
artists	creative	general	0	I think they should have movies in restaurants. I can't believe that so many people get together just to sit there. It's so abstract... isn't it abstract? What are these people sitting here watching?
artists	creative	general	0	I think what I'm trying to do is create moments of recognition. To try to detonate some kind of feeling or understanding of lived experience.
artists	creative	general	0	I thought I was going to be a bum the rest of my life.
artists	creative	general	0	I thought art was a verb, rather than a noun.
artists	creative	general	0	I travel a lot, so when I arrive in a city, I like to go to good local bookshops and make a selection based on how I'm feeling and what I'm thinking. The book I pick usually seems to have a definite karmic connection!
artists	creative	general	0	I trust myself. You need that to survive.
artists	creative	general	0	I try to deal with the complexities of power and social life, but as far as the visual presentation goes I purposely avoid a high degree of difficulty.
artists	creative	general	0	I used language because I wanted to offer content that people - not necessarily art people - could understand.
artists	creative	general	0	I used to have a recurring dream where I was at a party in a country house, surrounded by the same people each evening. Everyone would be singing and dancing and after a while I came to know the people; though, of course, they never really existed.
artists	creative	general	0	I used to have the same lunch every day, for 20 years, I guess, the same thing over and over again.
artists	creative	general	0	I used to think that everything was just being funny but now I don't know. I mean, how can you tell?
artists	creative	general	0	I want people to be drawn into the space of the work. And a lot of people are like me in that they have relatively short attention spans. So I shoot for the window of opportunity.
artists	creative	general	0	I want to abolish time, especially in the contemplation of architecture.
artists	creative	general	0	I want to be a machine.
artists	creative	general	0	I want to die with my blue jeans on.
artists	creative	general	0	I want to dominate the man's world.
artists	creative	general	0	I want to make paintings that look as if they were made by a child.
artists	creative	general	0	I wanted to be a cartoonist when I was young.
artists	creative	general	0	I wanted to be a star, not a gallery mascot.
artists	creative	general	0	I wanted to be an abstract painter, but I was rotten at it.
artists	creative	general	0	I wanted to build up a name for myself.
artists	creative	general	0	I wanted to support things that are helpful to people and maybe bash what I think is dangerous. So I switched from being everybody to being myself.
artists	creative	general	0	I wanted to use my possibility to be an individual, and I suppose I have, no?
artists	creative	general	0	I was a child who went about in a world of colors... My friends, my companions, became women slowly; I became old in instants.
artists	creative	general	0	I was a cute kid.
artists	creative	general	0	I was a really lousy artist as a kid. Too abstract expressionist; or I'd draw a big ram's head, really messy. I'd never win painting contests. I remember losing to a guy who did a perfect Spiderman.
artists	creative	general	0	I was being hated for about 40 or 50 years by the whole world, but it did not destroy me, and it did not ruin my health. And the reason is because I just did not answer them. I had my own life.
artists	creative	general	0	I was born into a very important family in Japan. My grandfather was a descendant of the Emperor, and we were very wealthy.
artists	creative	general	0	I was friends with Susan Sontag the last four years of her life. She had this amazing charisma and so much energy, but she had a sad little funeral in Montparnasse in Paris. It was rainy. It was all wrong. And I was thinking, 'God, she loved life so much.'
artists	creative	general	0	I was highly attracted to chess for forty or forty-five years; then, little by little, my enthusiasm lessened.
artists	creative	general	0	I was never interested in looking at myself in an aesthetic mirror. My intention was always to get away from myself, though I knew perfectly well that I was using myself. Call it a little game between 'I' and 'me.'
artists	creative	general	0	I went to vote once, but I got too scared. I couldn't decide whom to vote for.
artists	creative	general	0	I would have to think about it for two or three months before I decided to do something which would have meaning. And it would have to be more than just an impression or pleasure. I would need an objective, a meaning. That is the only thing that could help me.
artists	creative	general	0	I wouldn't want to be remembered as the guy who contaminated a perfectly legitimate form of protest art with money and celebrities.
artists	creative	general	0	I'd always been a news junkie, always read lots of newspapers and watched the Sunday morning news shows on TV and felt strongly about issues of power, control, sexuality and race.
artists	creative	general	0	I'd asked around 10 or 15 people for suggestions. Finally one lady friend asked the right question, 'Well, what do you love most?' That's how I started painting money.
artists	creative	general	0	I'd been doing projects outdoors for the public. I made pigeons eat geometry by putting bread out in rhomboids and triangles. I don't know if this activity made sense, but the work was available.
artists	creative	general	0	I'd like to live as a poor man with lots of money.
artists	creative	general	0	I'll bet there are a lot of artists that nobody hears about who just make more money than anybody. The people that do all the sculptures and paintings for big building construction. We never hear about them, but they make more money than anybody.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm a very obsessive type. If I do get into it, I'll soon be there 12 hours a day. I just don't want to do that.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm always followed by two or three cars and have police around. Even walking in the park, you see them taking photos behind the bushes and trying to videotape everything.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm always trying to bring unusual content to a different audience - a non-art-world audience.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm an artist who works with pictures and words. Sometimes that stuff ends up in different kinds of sites and contexts which determine what it means and looks like.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm bored with that line. I never use it anymore. My new line is 'In 15 minutes everybody will be famous.'
artists	creative	general	0	I'm for mechanical art. When I took up silk screening, it was to more fully exploit the preconceived image through the commercial techniques of multiple reproduction.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm free from holding personal anger because I can express what I want through my music.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm interested in asking: 'What does feminine energy mean?' I don't have answers - I just have questions and interesting examples.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm interested in utopian communities of the past. Many of them didn't survive and I'm examining closely the reasons they failed.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm just being normal. A normal woman. Well, I don't know what a normal woman is, but I'm a woman and I'm -- Yoko and I've never changed that.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm kind of honored to be a dragon lady. The dragon is a very powerful, mythical animal.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm living my life, not buying a lifestyle.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm most embarrassed at my art shows, even though I don't show it.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm not a real person. I'm a legend.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm not going to doubt my life.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm not interested so much in collaboration. You see that from the history of my albums.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm nothing else but an artist, I'm sure, and delighted to be.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm the type who'd be happy not going anywhere as long as I was sure I knew exactly what was happening at the places I wasn't going to. I'm the type who'd like to sit home and watch every party that I'm invited to on a monitor in my bedroom.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm trying to deal with ideas about histories, fame, hearsay, and how public identities are constructed.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm very representational some of the time, and a little all of the time. But when you're painting out of your unconscious, figures are bound to emerge.
artists	creative	general	0	I'm very thankful that I can make people happy just by signing my name.
artists	creative	general	0	I've always been very tied to language.
artists	creative	general	0	I've always said that I use my voice as an instrument. It was something I created myself, and I said, 'Have voice, will travel.'
artists	creative	general	0	I've always thought that it's good to watch the news to find out what everybody else is looking at and believing, if only because that's how consensus is constructed.
artists	creative	general	0	I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life - and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do.
artists	creative	general	0	I've decided something: Commercial things really do stink. As soon as it becomes commercial for a mass market it really stinks.
artists	creative	general	0	I've never really considered myself just a street artist. I consider myself a populist.
artists	creative	general	0	I've never worked in advertising - my experience was as an editorial designer for magazines - but you could say, in the bigger picture, that magazines are vehicles for colour advertising.
artists	creative	general	0	Ideas are one thing and what happens is another.
artists	creative	general	0	If I bring up political power, personal power, it sounds like they're my terms, and they're not.
artists	creative	general	0	If I'm away from painting for a week, I get bored.
artists	creative	general	0	If a woman writes about a domestic situation, everyone automatically assumes that it's about her.
artists	creative	general	0	If all the ways I have been along were marked on a map and joined up with a line, it might represent a minotaur.
artists	creative	general	0	If everybody thinks of something, then it will happen. Your mind is part of the universe. It is connected, you can use its energy.
artists	creative	general	0	If most American cities are about the consumption of culture, Los Angeles and New York are about the production of culture - not only national culture but global culture.
artists	creative	general	0	If my art has nothing to do with people's pain and sorrow, what is 'art' for?
artists	creative	general	0	If only America would realize that the art of Europe is finished - dead - and that America is the country of the art of the future, instead of trying to base everything she does on European traditions!
artists	creative	general	0	If only we could pull out our brain and use only our eyes.
artists	creative	general	0	If something is boring after two minutes, try it for four. If still boring, then eight. Then sixteen. Then thirty-two. Eventually one discovers that it is not boring at all.
artists	creative	general	0	If the paying public demands naturalistic art, then an artist can use his skills to produce such pictures - but these are to be clearly distinguished from the artist's own art.
artists	creative	general	0	If the universal is the essential, then it is the basis of all life and art. Recognizing and uniting with the universal therefore gives us the greatest aesthetic satisfaction, the greatest emotion of beauty.
artists	creative	general	0	If there were only one truth, you couldn't paint a hundred canvases on the same theme.
artists	creative	general	0	If you do performance and music, it's not performance as music.
artists	creative	general	0	If you go back to all my albums, they're all confessional.
artists	creative	general	0	If you have too many quotes from other people in your head, you can't create. You have to keep your head empty. That's why I am constantly enjoying the sky, the park, the walk.
artists	creative	general	0	If you see a Renaissance body, this is completely ugly in this time. Everybody has to be skinny. But the Renaissance body with incredible flow of the meat everywhere, it was beauty.
artists	creative	general	0	If you want to know all about Andy Warhol, just look at the surface of my paintings and films and me, and there I am. There's nothing behind it.
artists	creative	general	0	If you wear a wig, everybody notices. But if you then dye the wig, people notice the dye.
artists	creative	general	0	If you're a baker, making bread, you're a baker. If you make the best bread in the world, you're not an artist, but if you bake the bread in the gallery, you're an artist. So the context makes the difference.
artists	creative	general	0	If you're creating something that has some sort of cultural currency - if the idea is getting out there - then that will probably yield money in some form, whether it's through selling art or selling books or being asked to give a lecture.
artists	creative	general	0	If you're not trying to be real, you don't have to get it right. That's art.
artists	creative	general	0	If your choice enters into it, then taste is involved - bad taste, good taste, uninteresting taste. Taste is the enemy of art, A-R-T.
artists	creative	general	0	If your life changes, we can change the world, too.
artists	creative	general	0	In America, everyone's always hiding their age.
artists	creative	general	0	In French, there is an old expression, la patte, meaning the artist's touch, his personal style, his 'paw'. I wanted to get away from la patte and from all that retinal painting.
artists	creative	general	0	In chess, there are some extremely beautiful things in the domain of movement, but not in the visual domain. It's the imagining of the movement or of the gesture that makes the beauty in this case.
artists	creative	general	0	In every ancient culture, there are rituals to mortify the body as a way of understanding that the energy of the soul is indestructible.
artists	creative	general	0	In my work I have complete control, but about my life, I don't want to.
artists	creative	general	0	In order to acquire a growing and lasting respect in society, it is a good thing, if you possess great talent, to give, early in your youth, a very hard kick to the right shin of the society that you love. After that, be a snob.
artists	creative	general	0	In real life, you just work for the ordinary self, but in the front of audience you become the superself. That's a completely different thing.
artists	creative	general	0	In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
artists	creative	general	0	In the 'Nude Descending a Staircase,' I wanted to create a static image of movement: movement is an abstraction, a deduction articulated within the painting, without our knowing if a real person is or isn't descending an equally real staircase.
artists	creative	general	0	In the Second World War, I was a little girl. I was evacuated in my country.
artists	creative	general	0	In the future, everyone will be famous for 15 minutes.
artists	creative	general	0	In the midst of each epoch, I fully realize that a new epoch will dawn.
artists	creative	general	0	In theater, blood is ketchup; in performance, everything's real.
artists	creative	general	0	Inspiration exists, but it has to find us working.
artists	creative	general	0	Instead of stubbornly attempting to use surrealism for purposes of subversion, it is necessary to try to make of surrealism something as solid, complete and classic as the works of museums.
artists	creative	general	0	Intellectual passion drives out sensuality.
artists	creative	general	0	Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings.
artists	creative	general	0	Intuition enlightens and so links up with pure thought. They together become an intelligence which is not simply of the brain, which does not calculate, but feels and thinks.
artists	creative	general	0	Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind.
artists	creative	general	0	Is there anything more dangerous than sympathetic understanding?
artists	creative	general	0	Is truth always positive? Of course. Once the truth comes out, you know, it's all right. We're scared that if the truth comes out that it's not all right. It's the other way around.
artists	creative	general	0	Isn't life a series of images that change as they repeat themselves?
artists	creative	general	0	It can be kind of gruesome at times, making things alone.
artists	creative	general	0	It doesn't make much difference how the paint is put on as long as something has been said. Technique is just a means of arriving at a statement.
artists	creative	general	0	It had long since come to my attention that people of accomplishment rarely sat back and let things happen to them. They went out and happened to things.
artists	creative	general	0	It has become progressively clearer that the plastic expression of true reality is attained through dynamic movement in equilibrium. Plastic art affirms that equilibrium can only be established through the balance of unequal but equivalent oppositions.
artists	creative	general	0	It has never been my object to record my dreams, just the determination to realize them.
artists	creative	general	0	It is a matter of great indifference to me what criticism is printed in the papers and the magazines. I am simply working out my own ideas in my own way.
artists	creative	general	0	It is better to imitate ancient than modern work.
artists	creative	general	0	It is better to make a piece of music than to perform one, better to perform one than to listen to one, better to listen to one than to misuse it as a means of distraction, entertainment, or acquisition of 'culture.'
artists	creative	general	0	It is curious to note how fragile the memory is, even for the important times in one's life. This is, moreover, what explains the fortunate fantasy of history.
artists	creative	general	0	It is good taste, and good taste alone, that possesses the power to sterilize and is always the first handicap to any creative functioning.
artists	creative	general	0	It is not important to make many pictures but that I have one picture right.
artists	creative	general	0	It is only when I lose contact with the painting that the result is a mess. Otherwise there is pure harmony, an easy give and take, and the painting comes out well.
artists	creative	general	0	It is very difficult for us to know we love somebody because it is an insecure position to be in. But in the end, it is important to be honest about your love because life is not that long.
artists	creative	general	0	It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction.
artists	creative	general	0	It takes a long time to become young.
artists	creative	general	0	It took me four years to paint like Raphael, but a lifetime to paint like a child.
artists	creative	general	0	It was all so far away - there was quiet and an untouched feel to the country and I could work as I pleased.
artists	creative	general	0	It was in the 1920s, when nobody had time to reflect, that I saw a still-life painting with a flower that was perfectly exquisite, but so small you really could not appreciate it.
artists	creative	general	0	It would be very glamorous to be reincarnated as a great big ring on Liz Taylor's finger.
artists	creative	general	0	It's a product of two poles - there's the pole of the one who makes the work, and the pole of the one who looks at it. I give the latter as much importance as the one who makes it.
artists	creative	general	0	It's a waste of time to think that if you colored a painting red what might have happened if you painted it black.
artists	creative	general	0	It's a waste to not say anything with art.
artists	creative	general	0	It's easier to resist at the beginning than at the end.
artists	creative	general	0	It's fun wandering around other people's minds.
artists	creative	general	0	It's good to keep in mind that prominence is always a mix of hard work, eloquence in your practice, good timing and fortuitous social relations. Everything can't be personalized.
artists	creative	general	0	It's great, I guess, when your paintings are hanging up in a museum.
artists	creative	general	0	It's hard for me to understand how working-class people support themselves.
artists	creative	general	0	It's necessary to start most work alone. But I'm tickled to death when I can pull somebody in or join someone, whether it's borrowing poetry or traveling with an associate.
artists	creative	general	0	It's the movies that have really been running things in America ever since they were invented. They show you what to do, how to do it, when to do it, how to feel about it, and how to look how you feel about it.
artists	creative	general	0	It's useless to play lullabies for those who cannot sleep.
artists	creative	general	0	It's very important that young artists push boundaries, because sometimes you have this urge to do something - like the impulsive and dangerous urges I had as a child - and if you don't follow through with it you might miss out on a developmental experience.
artists	creative	general	0	Japanese are very proud and workaholics. Proud workaholics.
artists	creative	general	0	John wrote with a very deep love for the human race and a concern for its future.
artists	creative	general	0	Just as courage imperils life, fear protects it.
artists	creative	general	0	Just as courage is the danger of life, so is fear its safeguard.
artists	creative	general	0	Just as food eaten without appetite is a tedious nourishment, so does study without zeal damage the memory by not assimilating what it absorbs.
artists	creative	general	0	Just as pure abstract art is not dogmatic, neither is it decorative.
artists	creative	general	0	Knowledge of the past and of the places of the earth is the ornament and food of the mind of man.
artists	creative	general	0	Lack of charisma can be fatal.
artists	creative	general	0	Land really is the best art.
artists	creative	general	0	Learning never exhausts the mind.
artists	creative	general	0	Let my enemies devour each other.
artists	creative	general	0	Let us note that art - even on an abstract level - has never been confined to 'idea'; art has always been the 'realized' expression of equilibrium.
artists	creative	general	0	Life well spent is long.
artists	creative	general	0	Life with another person is always difficult.
artists	creative	general	0	Liking money like I like it, is nothing less than mysticism. Money is a glory.
artists	creative	general	0	Listen: our culture is saturated with irony whether we know it or not.
artists	creative	general	0	Living is more a question of what one spends than what one makes.
artists	creative	general	0	Look, we're all saddled with things that make us better or worse. This world is a crazy place, and I've chosen to make my work about that insanity.
artists	creative	general	0	Losing my daughter was a very serious pain. There was always some empty space in my heart.
artists	creative	general	0	Love is the greatest refreshment in life.
artists	creative	general	0	Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
artists	creative	general	0	Man and animals are in reality vehicles and conduits of food, tombs of animals, hostels of Death, coverings that consume, deriving life by the death of others.
artists	creative	general	0	Man can never expect to start from scratch; he must start from ready-made things, like even his own mother and father.
artists	creative	general	0	Many are they who have a taste and love for drawing, but no talent; and this will be discernible in boys who are not diligent and never finish their drawings with shading.
artists	creative	general	0	Many incredible artists die before they were famous.
artists	creative	general	0	Many of my songs were dance orientated from way back. That's because I love dance! When I hear a dance number, just hearing the first eight bars, it immediately makes my bod start moving and dancing.
artists	creative	general	0	Many people do remember their births, but they deny it.
artists	creative	general	0	Marcel, no more painting; go get a job.
artists	creative	general	0	Marks on paper are free - free speech - press - pictures all go together I suppose.
artists	creative	general	0	Marriage is a difficult project. When seven years have passed and all your body's cells have been replaced, you're meant to experience that seven-year itch.
artists	creative	general	0	Marriage is a gamble, let's be honest.
artists	creative	general	0	Marriage is like putting your hand into a bag of snakes in the hope of pulling out an eel.
artists	creative	general	0	Medicine is the restoration of discordant elements; sickness is the discord of the elements infused into the living body.
artists	creative	general	0	Medicine men live in caves.
artists	creative	general	0	Men of lofty genius when they are doing the least work are most active.
artists	creative	general	0	Mistakes are almost always of a sacred nature. Never try to correct them. On the contrary: rationalize them, understand them thoroughly. After that, it will be possible for you to sublimate them.
artists	creative	general	0	Money is not everything. We don't need billions and trillions of dollars.
artists	creative	general	0	Money talks. It starts rumors about careers and complicity and speaks of the tragedies and triumphs of our social lives.
artists	creative	general	0	Most campaigns rely on photographs because the moment you do something that is a graphic interpretation where any artistic license has been taken, I think a lot of people are scared that it's going to be perceived as propaganda.
artists	creative	general	0	Most of the fans of John Lennon and maybe John and -- Yoko are younger than me.
artists	creative	general	0	Most of the time, the artists are not supposed to wear the fashion. It is always seen as a vanity. But I think I don't need to prove anything in my life. I can honestly say I love fashion and I can be many things at the same time.
artists	creative	general	0	Most people like to hear sounds they are used to.
artists	creative	general	0	Mothers are not supposed to give guidance.
artists	creative	general	0	Music is like my security blanket.
artists	creative	general	0	My Ready-Mades have nothing to do with the 'objet trouve' because the so-called 'found object' is completely directed by personal taste. Personal taste decides that this is a beautiful object and is unique.
artists	creative	general	0	My basic influence had probably been Peter Max.
artists	creative	general	0	My beauty secret is... nothing! I don't drink too much water. I don't eat very well. Sometimes I cheat and grab some chocolate. The best thing is to eat what you want, but not very much.
artists	creative	general	0	My career? I never think of it as a 'career.' Art and music and all those things that I'm creating are just part of me.
artists	creative	general	0	My fascination with letting images repeat and repeat - or in film's case 'run on' - manifests my belief that we spend much of our lives seeing without observing.
artists	creative	general	0	My father was a banker, but he was an independent spirit. He was a very good pianist and very much into music.
artists	creative	general	0	My favorite Twombly is 'Apollo and the Artist,' with the big 'Apollo' written across it.
artists	creative	general	0	My first husband met me as a career woman, and the second did, too. I was lucky.
artists	creative	general	0	My grandmother, when she looked at American movies, she said, 'They're all the same. In the first scene somebody shoots somebody and then everybody makes phone calls.'
artists	creative	general	0	My heart is mysteriously alive in the world of sounds - a totally different dimension from the daily life.
artists	creative	general	0	My husband John Lennon was a very special man. A man of humble origin, he brought light and hope to the whole world with his words and music.
artists	creative	general	0	My idea of a good picture is one that's in focus and of a famous person.
artists	creative	general	0	My life was pretty rough.
artists	creative	general	0	My mother and father had a terrible marriage. They celebrated their wedding anniversary one year with their friends. Why did they celebrate? Maybe because they had lasted so many years without killing each other.
artists	creative	general	0	My mother said to me, 'If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope.' Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso.
artists	creative	general	0	My painting carries with it the message of pain.
artists	creative	general	0	My painting does not come from the easel.
artists	creative	general	0	My paintings do not have a center, but depend on the same amount of interest throughout.
artists	creative	general	0	My position is the lack of a position, but, of course, you can't even talk about it; the minute you talk, you spoil the whole game.
artists	creative	general	0	My stay in Munich was the scene of my complete liberation.
artists	creative	general	0	My toys were those of a boy: skates, bicycles.
artists	creative	general	0	Nature is the source of all true knowledge. She has her own logic, her own laws, she has no effect without cause nor invention without necessity.
artists	creative	general	0	Nature never breaks her own laws.
artists	creative	general	0	Necessity is the mistress and guide of nature. Necessity is the theme and inventress of nature, her curb and her eternal law.
artists	creative	general	0	Never permit a dichotomy to rule your life, a dichotomy in which you hate what you do so you can have pleasure in your spare time. Look for a situation in which your work will give you as much happiness as your spare time.
artists	creative	general	0	No one person could have broken up a band, especially one the size of the Beatles.
artists	creative	general	0	Nobody sees a flower really; it is so small. We haven't time, and to see takes time - like to have a friend takes time.
artists	creative	general	0	Non-figurative art is created by establishing a dynamic rhythm of determinate mutual relations which excludes the formation of any particular form.
artists	creative	general	0	Nothing is written in stone. So don't prepare yourself for a long and lucrative career. You might die tomorrow. Your gold holdings might become dust. Just make the music you want to make now and enjoy it.
artists	creative	general	0	Nothing strengthens authority so much as silence.
artists	creative	general	0	Now and then, someone would accuse me of being evil - of letting people destroy themselves while I watched, just so I could film them and tape-record them. But I didn't think of myself as evil - just realistic.
artists	creative	general	0	Now the British are coming. I think Cameron should ask the Chinese government not to make people 'disappear' or to jail them merely because they have different opinions.
artists	creative	general	0	Occasionally, when I get mad at a woman, I'll do some great, awful painting about her.
artists	creative	general	0	Of course, there will always be those who look only at technique, who ask 'how', while others of a more curious nature will ask 'why'. Personally, I have always preferred inspiration to information.
artists	creative	general	0	Of the opposite sex, I have the moustache and, in general, the face.
artists	creative	general	0	On the floor I am more at ease. I feel nearer, more part of the painting, since this way I can walk around it, work from the four sides and literally be in the painting.
artists	creative	general	0	On the worst days, I don't feel like an artist.
artists	creative	general	0	Once you 'got' Pop, you could never see a sign again the same way again. And once you thought Pop, you could never see America the same way again.
artists	creative	general	0	Once you live in New York, you can't live anywhere else. Living in Paris is like going in slow motion. It's so bourgeois. I get so bored.
artists	creative	general	0	One can not be an American by going about saying that one is an American. It is necessary to feel America, like America, love America and then work.
artists	creative	general	0	One can rightly speak of an evolution in plastic art. It is of the greatest importance to note this fact, for it reveals the true way of art - the only path along which we can advance.
artists	creative	general	0	One can't paint New York as it is, but rather as it is felt.
artists	creative	general	0	One day, the dance charts will be the biggest chart in the music world. Because we all need to dance. This planet will be a fun planet when the judges in court will end the day with a dance!
artists	creative	general	0	One does a whole painting for one peach and people think just the opposite - that particular peach is but a detail.
artists	creative	general	0	One is a painter because one wants so-called freedom; one doesn't want to go to the office every morning.
artists	creative	general	0	One must act in painting as in life, directly.
artists	creative	general	0	One of the glories and terrors of working in public is that you do see if your output means anything to anyone.
artists	creative	general	0	One of the most wonderful things for me is to watch somebody else perform, where I am the audience - I love this more than ever.
artists	creative	general	0	One of the satisfactions of a genius is his will-power and obstinacy.
artists	creative	general	0	One thing I learned working at magazines was that if you couldn't get people to look at a page or a cover, then you were fired. It was all about how you create arresting works, and by arresting I mean stop people, even for a nano-second.
artists	creative	general	0	One thing that changed when I moved upstate was that I became interested in different materials. I started making the stone benches because I was seeing rocks.
artists	creative	general	0	Only conscious man can mirror the universal: he can consciously become one with the universal and so can consciously transcend the individual.
artists	creative	general	0	Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.
artists	creative	general	0	Others have seen what is and asked why. I have seen what could be and asked why not.
artists	creative	general	0	Our body is dependant on Heaven and Heaven on the Spirit.
artists	creative	general	0	Our goals can only be reached through a vehicle of a plan, in which we must fervently believe, and upon which we must vigorously act. There is no other route to success.
artists	creative	general	0	Our life is half natural and half technological. Half-and-half is good. You cannot deny that high-tech is progress. We need it for jobs. Yet if you make only high-tech, you make war. So we must have a strong human element to keep modesty and natural life.
artists	creative	general	0	Our life is made by the death of others.
artists	creative	general	0	Our public officials have forgotten that they are ultimately accountable to the people who put them in office, that the information they keep in secrecy belongs to all of us.
artists	creative	general	0	Painting completed my life.
artists	creative	general	0	Painting is a blind man's profession. He paints not what he sees, but what he feels, what he tells himself about what he has seen.
artists	creative	general	0	Painting is a language of its own. You cannot interpret one form of expression with another form of expression.
artists	creative	general	0	Painting is an infinitely minute part of my personality.
artists	creative	general	0	Painting is concerned with all the 10 attributes of sight; which are: Darkness, Light, Solidity and Colour, Form and Position, Distance and Propinquity, Motion and Rest.
artists	creative	general	0	Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
artists	creative	general	0	Painting is self-discovery. Every good artist paints what he is.
artists	creative	general	0	People accuse artists of being narcissists - of course we are! If we don't like ourselves, who's going to like us?
artists	creative	general	0	People are always wondering if I am an artist or political activist or politician. Maybe I'll just clearly tell you: Whatever I do is not art. Let's say it is just objects or materials, movies or writing, but not art, OK?
artists	creative	general	0	People are still thinking of solving problems by violence and war, and that has to stop.
artists	creative	general	0	People don't remember each tree in a park but all of us benefit from the trees. And in a way, artists are like trees in a park.
artists	creative	general	0	People have so much pain inside them that they're not even aware of.
artists	creative	general	0	People in New York never have time for anything.
artists	creative	general	0	People just love to be entertained, and in order to entertain them, you have to do things in a way that they understand.
artists	creative	general	0	People make music to get a reaction. Music is communication.
artists	creative	general	0	People need to be made more aware of the need to work at learning how to live because life is so quick and sometimes it goes away too quickly.
artists	creative	general	0	People put so much effort into starting a relationship and so little effort into ending one.
artists	creative	general	0	People say that this new generation is so used to the Internet that their heads are already different. They can't read a book from beginning to end. That is not a tragedy. The book changes form.
artists	creative	general	0	People sometimes say the way things happen in the movies is unreal, but actually, it's the way things happen to you in life that's unreal.
artists	creative	general	0	People talk to people who perceive nothing, who have open eyes and see nothing; they shall talk to them and receive no answer; they shall adore those who have ears and hear nothing; they shall burn lamps for those who do not see.
artists	creative	general	0	People think that their world will get smaller as they get older. My experience is just the opposite. Your senses become more acute. You start to blossom.
artists	creative	general	0	Performance art is going to be the future. Plays on Broadway are so restricted. But performance art is like haikus, just one line thing. And it's more casual but more interesting.
artists	creative	general	0	Performance has to be mainstream art. This is what I'm fighting for.
artists	creative	general	0	Performance is there, and if you are not there in that moment it happened, it just stays in the memory. It's so immaterial and something this immaterial is very difficult to collect. Its difficult to buy, its how we can buy immaterial art.
artists	creative	general	0	Please know that being 80 is not a scary thing. When you're 80, your life is much freer.
artists	creative	general	0	Poor is the pupil who does not surpass his master.
artists	creative	general	0	Power doesn't just exist. It is threaded through different mechanisms of control. I'm interested in those complexities. But I want to address that in very forthright language and sometimes with images.
artists	creative	general	0	Power is power. It's energy. And if you get big, big energy, you can use that in a good way.
artists	creative	general	0	Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation.
artists	creative	general	0	Prominence is cool, but when the delusion kicks in it can be a drag. Especially if you choose to surround yourself with friends and not acolytes.
artists	creative	general	0	Propaganda has a negative connotation, which it partially deserves, but I think there is some propaganda that is very positive. I feel that if you can do something that gets people's attention, then maybe they'll go and find out more about the person.
artists	creative	general	0	Protect me from what I want.
artists	creative	general	0	Reality can be elastic, and I want to see how elastic it can be, you know?
artists	creative	general	0	Reality only appears to us tragical because of the disequilibrium and confusion of its appearances.
artists	creative	general	0	Really, I do not know whether my paintings are surrealist or not, but I do know that they are the frankest expression of myself.
artists	creative	general	0	Recently I danced in a video spoof of the song 'Gangnam Style,' and it was quickly banned across multiple Chinese online video platforms. But the story still traveled all over the world, carried in hundreds of international media reports.
artists	creative	general	0	Remember, each one of us has the power to change the world. Just start thinking peace, and the message will spread quicker than you think.
artists	creative	general	0	Science is the captain, and practice the soldiers.
artists	creative	general	0	Sculpture is the art of the intelligence.
artists	creative	general	0	Sculpture is the best comment that a painter can make on painting.
artists	creative	general	0	Seeing is no longer believing. The very notion of truth has been put into crisis. In a world bloated with images, we are finally learning that photographs do indeed lie.
artists	creative	general	0	Sex is more exciting on the screen and between the pages than between the sheets.
artists	creative	general	0	Should graffiti be judged on the same level as modern art? Of course not: It's way more important than that.
artists	creative	general	0	Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.
artists	creative	general	0	Since I was seventeen I thought I might be a star. I'd think about all my heroes, Charlie Parker, Jimi Hendrix... I had a romantic feeling about how these people became famous.
artists	creative	general	0	Since I was shot, everything is such a dream to me. Like I don't know whether I'm alive or whether I died. I wasn't afraid before. And having been dead once, I shouldn't feel fear. But I am afraid. I don't understand why.
artists	creative	general	0	Since people are going to be living longer and getting older, they'll just have to learn how to be babies longer.
artists	creative	general	0	Since the global economic crisis began, the change in global attitudes is clear to see - and I think it is pitiful. Barack Obama came to China and he is probably the only president of the United States never to mention the words 'human rights' in public.
artists	creative	general	0	Since the tubes of paint used by the artist are manufactured and ready-made products, we must conclude that all the paintings in the world are 'ready-mades aided' and also works of assemblage.
artists	creative	general	0	Singing has always seemed to me the most perfect means of expression. It is so spontaneous. And after singing, I think the violin. Since I cannot sing, I paint.
artists	creative	general	0	Skin has become inadequate in interfacing with reality. Technology has become the body's new membrane of existence.
artists	creative	general	0	Sloppy thinking gets worse over time.
artists	creative	general	0	Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life.
artists	creative	general	0	So many artists say they're not aware of audience. For me is unbelievable.
artists	creative	general	0	So many people seem to prefer my silver-screenings of movie stars to the rest of my work. It must be the subject matter that attracts them, because my death and violence paintings are just as good.
artists	creative	general	0	So much of art-making is about reducing things to the essentials, so I don't feel particularly crippled by this. I don't want it to look natural because then I would be making a documentary film.
artists	creative	general	0	Society tells you that when you're old you have to retire. You have to defy that.
artists	creative	general	0	Sociological critics are waste makers.
artists	creative	general	0	Some days I can't get an idea, and I think, 'Man, I'm just washed up,' but it's just a mood.
artists	creative	general	0	Some painters transform the sun into a yellow spot, others transform a yellow spot into the sun.
artists	creative	general	0	Some people think that movements, such as the movements in ballet, are a higher cultural expression, whereas some are just dirt. I think it is elitist to think that a trained movement is more acceptable than untrained and possibly unrehearsed movements.
artists	creative	general	0	Sometimes I am happy and sometimes not. I am, after all, a human being, you know. And I am glad that we are sometimes happy and sometimes not. You get your wisdom working by having different emotions.
artists	creative	general	0	Sometimes the father feels pushed out because of the connection between the mother and the child.
artists	creative	general	0	Sound as medium has an incredible elasticity. So, of course, it is tempting for artists of other fields to try something with sounds. Why not? We are living in the age when there is no limit in gathering all forms of art and music to mix it together if you so desire.
artists	creative	general	0	Subjectivity ceases to exist only when the mutation-like leap is made from subjectivity to objectivity, from individual existence to universal existence.
artists	creative	general	0	Success is dangerous. One begins to copy oneself, and to copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others. It leads to sterility.
artists	creative	general	0	Sun-bleached bones were most wonderful against the blue - that blue that will always be there as it is now after all man's destruction is finished.
artists	creative	general	0	Surrealism is destructive, but it destroys only what it considers to be shackles limiting our vision.
artists	creative	general	0	Take me, I am the drug; take me, I am hallucinogenic.
artists	creative	general	0	Teaching at university isn't like teaching in an art school.
artists	creative	general	0	Tears come from the heart and not from the brain.
artists	creative	general	0	That's the test of street art - to see if anybody stopped. People would cross out ones they didn't like and would star others. I liked that people would engage with them.
artists	creative	general	0	The 'Bird's Nest' National Stadium, which I helped to conceive, is designed to embody the Olympic spirit of 'fair competition.' It tells people that freedom is possible but needs fairness, courage and strength.
artists	creative	general	0	The 'Glass' is not my autobiography, nor is it self-expression. Far from it.
artists	creative	general	0	The 1960s were about releasing ourselves from conventional society and freeing ourselves.
artists	creative	general	0	The American experience influenced my understanding of individuality, basic human rights, freedom of expression and the rights and responsibilities of citizens.
artists	creative	general	0	The Beatles were a group made up of four very complex men, and my small hand could not have broken these men up.
artists	creative	general	0	The Beijing Olympics and the Shanghai World Expo show just how much effort China is willing to spend to enter the global stage. But while China desires to understand the world, it fails to accept its universal values.
artists	creative	general	0	The Medici created and destroyed me.
artists	creative	general	0	The art world was not initially really accepting my kind of work. I was ahead of my time.
artists	creative	general	0	The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider's web.
artists	creative	general	0	The artist sees the tragic to such a degree that he is compelled to express the non-tragic.
artists	creative	general	0	The beginnings and ends of shadow lie between the light and darkness and may be infinitely diminished and infinitely increased. Shadow is the means by which bodies display their form. The forms of bodies could not be understood in detail but for shadow.
artists	creative	general	0	The big problem of our modern society is that we feel that we are separated from the nature. But it's just the opposite. We are interrelated and our DNA is the same. And only when human beings understand that, the nature will not be obstacle.
artists	creative	general	0	The black person is the protagonist in most of my paintings. I realized that I didn't see many paintings with black people in them.
artists	creative	general	0	The chief enemy of creativity is 'good' sense.
artists	creative	general	0	The clothes of Courreges are so nice.
artists	creative	general	0	The computer is my favourite invention. I feel lucky to be part of the global village. I don't mean to brag, but I'm so fast with technology. People think it all seems too much, but we'll get used to it. I'm sure it all seemed too much when we were learning to walk.
artists	creative	general	0	The country makes me more paranoid, you know? I think the crazy people out there are little crazier.
artists	creative	general	0	The curious thing about the Ready-Made is that I've never been able to arrive at a definition or explanation that fully satisfies me. There's still magic in the idea, so I'd rather keep it that way than try to be exoteric about it.
artists	creative	general	0	The cynicism that you have is not your real soul.
artists	creative	general	0	The days you work are the best days.
artists	creative	general	0	The desire for freedom and equilibrium (harmony) is inherent in man (due to the universal in him).
artists	creative	general	0	The desperate things seem to require attention, the lovely things seem to elicit celebration. If I had to choose, I would go to the awful in the hope that doing something could yield a happier result.
artists	creative	general	0	The difference between false memories and true ones is the same as for jewels: it is always the false ones that look the most real, the most brilliant.
artists	creative	general	0	The entire world of art has reached such a low level, it has been commercialized to such a degree that art and everything related to it has become one of the most trivial activities of our epoch.
artists	creative	general	0	The epiphany for me was that I wasn't a writer, and I had to do something with these texts. I put them in the streets as posters.
artists	creative	general	0	The first man to compare the cheeks of a young woman to a rose was obviously a poet; the first to repeat it was possibly an idiot.
artists	creative	general	0	The first question I ask myself when something doesn't seem to be beautiful is why do I think it's not beautiful. And very shortly you discover that there is no reason.
artists	creative	general	0	The function of the artist in a disturbed society is to give awareness of the universe, to ask the right questions, and to elevate the mind.
artists	creative	general	0	The future is now.
artists	creative	general	0	The genius of Einstein leads to Hiroshima.
artists	creative	general	0	The great problem was the selection of the readymade. I needed to choose an object without it impressing me: that is to say, without it providing any sort of aesthetic delectation. Moreover, I needed to reduce my own personal taste to absolute zero.
artists	creative	general	0	The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions.
artists	creative	general	0	The hardest thing to do is something that is close to nothing.
artists	creative	general	0	The highest purpose is to have no purpose at all. This puts one in accord with nature, in her manner of operation.
artists	creative	general	0	The human bird shall take his first flight, filling the world with amazement, all writings with his fame, and bringing eternal glory to the nest whence he sprang.
artists	creative	general	0	The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art.
artists	creative	general	0	The human race is a very, very magical race. We have a magic power of witches and wizards. We're here on this earth to unravel the mystery of this planet. The planet is asking for it.
artists	creative	general	0	The individual - man as a man, man as a brain, if you like - interests me more than what he makes because I've noticed that most artists only repeat themselves.
artists	creative	general	0	The internet is a wild land with its own games, languages and gestures through which we are starting to share common feelings.
artists	creative	general	0	The length of a man's outspread arms is equal to his height.
artists	creative	general	0	The meaning of words has become so blurred by past usage that 'abstract' is identified with 'vague' and 'unreal,' and 'inwardness' with a sort of traditional beatitude... The conception of the word 'plastic' has also been limited by individual interpretations.
artists	creative	general	0	The mind is crazy thing. To be focused is the most difficult thing.
artists	creative	general	0	The mind of the painter must resemble a mirror, which always takes the colour of the object it reflects and is completely occupied by the images of as many objects as are in front of it.
artists	creative	general	0	The modern artist is working with space and time, and expressing his feelings rather than illustrating.
artists	creative	general	0	The modern artist... is working and expressing an inner world - in other words - expressing the energy, the motion, and other inner forces.
artists	creative	general	0	The more I paint the more I like everything.
artists	creative	general	0	The more technique you have, the less you have to worry about it. The more technique there is, the less there is.
artists	creative	general	0	The most advanced minds as well as the least advanced are obliged to use the same words. If we adopt new words, it will be even more difficult - if not impossible - to make ourselves understood. The new man must therefore express himself in conventional language.
artists	creative	general	0	The most exciting attractions are between two opposites that never meet.
artists	creative	general	0	The most exciting thing is not doing it. If you fall in love with someone and never do it, it's much more exciting.
artists	creative	general	0	The most important part of the body is the brain. Of my face, I like the eyebrows and eyes. Aside from that, I like nothing. My head is too small.
artists	creative	general	0	The most profound things are inexpressible.
artists	creative	general	0	The most revolutionary ideas are not sellable, but only mind-changing.
artists	creative	general	0	The natural desire of good men is knowledge.
artists	creative	general	0	The natural does not have to be a specific representation. I am now working on a thing which is a reconstruction of a starry sky, yet I make it, nevertheless, without a given in nature.
artists	creative	general	0	The nice thing about the gallery shows is that without having to pay any money you can just go and see it.
artists	creative	general	0	The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding.
artists	creative	general	0	The older you get the stronger the wind gets - and it's always in your face.
artists	creative	general	0	The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad.
artists	creative	general	0	The only instrument I can play is piano. Whenever I make songs at home, I play the piano and make them on the piano.
artists	creative	general	0	The only theatre I do is my own. Somehow, my life is the only life that I can play.
artists	creative	general	0	The only thing I know is that I paint because I need to, and I paint whatever passes through my head without any other consideration.
artists	creative	general	0	The painter who draws merely by practice and by eye, without any reason, is like a mirror which copies every thing placed in front of it without being conscious of their existence.
artists	creative	general	0	The painting has a life of its own. I try to let it come through.
artists	creative	general	0	The people who make art their business are mostly imposters.
artists	creative	general	0	The poet ranks far below the painter in the representation of visible things, and far below the musician in that of invisible things.
artists	creative	general	0	The position of the artist if humble. He is essentially a channel.
artists	creative	general	0	The positive and negative states of being bring about action. They cause the loss of balance and of happiness. They cause the eternal revolutions - the changes that follow one upon the other. They explain why happiness cannot be achieved in time.
artists	creative	general	0	The problem with copyright enforcement is that when the parameters aren't incredibly well defined, it means big corporations, who have deeper pockets and better lawyers, can bully people.
artists	creative	general	0	The public is in need of experiences that are not just voyeuristic. Our society is in a mess of losing its spiritual centre.
artists	creative	general	0	The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
artists	creative	general	0	The reason why bookstores are going out of business in the States is that people just can't focus on longer narratives now - even narrative film is in crisis in many ways, unless it's an adventure film.
artists	creative	general	0	The regret of my life is that I have not said 'I love you' often enough.
artists	creative	general	0	The rhythm of relations of color and size makes the absolute appear in the relativity of time and space.
artists	creative	general	0	The secret of my influence has always been that it remained secret.
artists	creative	general	0	The seed is a household object but at the same time it is a revolutionary symbol.
artists	creative	general	0	The senses are of the earth, the reason stands apart from them in contemplation.
artists	creative	general	0	The sky is always there for me, while my life has been going through many, many changes. When I look up the sky, it gives me a nice feeling, like looking at an old friend.
artists	creative	general	0	The smallest feline is a masterpiece.
artists	creative	general	0	The spirit desires to remain with its body, because, without the organic instruments of that body, it can neither act, nor feel anything.
artists	creative	general	0	The spiritual (i.e. the supersensory) has many degrees; thus, the term 'spiritual' is used both for the scale of degrees away from the physical towards the spirit, but also only for the spiritual proper.
artists	creative	general	0	The strangeness will wear off and I think we will discover the deeper meanings in modern art.
artists	creative	general	0	The subjectivization of the universal in art brings the universal downward on one hand, while on the other it helps raise the individual toward the universal.
artists	creative	general	0	The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.
artists	creative	general	0	The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents.
artists	creative	general	0	The thing that would most improve my life is 27 hours in a day. I could meet all my deadlines.
artists	creative	general	0	The truth of things is the chief nutriment of superior intellects.
artists	creative	general	0	The universe, when you leave it alone, is going to be beautiful.
artists	creative	general	0	The way I make art - the way a lot of people make art - is as an extension of language and communication, where references are incredibly important.
artists	creative	general	0	The whole world is starting to realize that it was the most unwise thing for our society to have ignored women power, to run the society with male priorities.
artists	creative	general	0	The world doesn't need an artist who shows reality as it is.
artists	creative	general	0	The world today doesn't make sense, so why should I paint pictures that do?
artists	creative	general	0	Theater is something that as a performance artist you have to hate.
artists	creative	general	0	There are about 30 words around you all the time, like 'thread' or 'exit.'
artists	creative	general	0	There are four Powers: memory and intellect, desire and covetousness. The two first are mental and the others sensual. The three senses: sight, hearing and smell cannot well be prevented; touch and taste not at all.
artists	creative	general	0	There are only two types of women - goddesses and doormats.
artists	creative	general	0	There are so many moments and works that influence us in what we do. Movies, music, TV and, most importantly, the profound everydayness of our lives.
artists	creative	general	0	There are some days when I think I'm going to die from an overdose of satisfaction.
artists	creative	general	0	There are three classes of people: those who see, those who see when they are shown, those who do not see.
artists	creative	general	0	There does not exist a painter who knows himself or knows what he is doing.
artists	creative	general	0	There have been two great accidents in my life. One was the trolley, and the other was Diego. Diego was by far the worst.
artists	creative	general	0	There is an incredible love in creating art unless somebody is saying, 'Hey, let's just make money,' because it doesn't work when you do it that way. If you are aiming for that, forget it.
artists	creative	general	0	There is no abstract art. You must always start with something. Afterward you can remove all traces of reality.
artists	creative	general	0	There is no object so large but that at a great distance from the eye it does not appear smaller than a smaller object near.
artists	creative	general	0	There is no such thing as an empty space or an empty time. There is always something to see, something to hear. In fact, try as we may to make a silence, we cannot.
artists	creative	general	0	There is only one difference between a madman and me. The madman thinks he is sane. I know I am mad.
artists	creative	general	0	There is poetry as soon as we realize that we possess nothing.
artists	creative	general	0	There is something like an explosion in the meaning of certain words: they have a greater value than their meaning in the dictionary.
artists	creative	general	0	There was an incident, in 1912, which 'gave me a turn,' so to speak: when I brought the 'Nude Descending a Staircase' to the Independants, and they asked me to withdraw it before the opening.
artists	creative	general	0	There's a long life ahead of you and it's going to be beautiful, as long as you keep loving and hugging each other.
artists	creative	general	0	There's a moment of recognition. It's that white-light kind of stuff that just 'works.' I love that. And you know it when it happens, whether it's a movie, music, a building, a book.
artists	creative	general	0	There's many women now who think, 'Surely we don't need feminism anymore, we're all liberated and society's accepting us as we are'. Which is just hogwash. It's not true at all.
artists	creative	general	0	There's obviously nothing wrong with selling your art - only an idiot with a trust fund would tell you otherwise. But it's confusing to know how far you should take it.
artists	creative	general	0	They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself.
artists	creative	general	0	They ought to put out the eyes of painters as they do goldfinches in order that they can sing better.
artists	creative	general	0	They thought I was a Surrealist, but I wasn't. I never painted dreams. I painted my own reality.
artists	creative	general	0	Things are beautiful or ugly only in time and space. The new man's vision being liberated from these two factors, all is unified in one unique beauty.
artists	creative	general	0	Things change and work changes. Right now I like the idea of enveloping a space and getting messages across that connect to the world in ways that seem familiar but are different.
artists	creative	general	0	Things were sort of Bohemian in Montmartre - one lived, one painted, one was a painter - all that doesn't mean anything, fundamentally.
artists	creative	general	0	This nation is notorious for its ability to make or fake anything cheaply. 'Made-in-China' goods now fill homes around the world. But our giant country has a small problem. We can't manufacture the happiness of our people.
artists	creative	general	0	This society is driven by neurotic speed and force accelerated by greed and frustration of not being able to live up to the image of men and woman we have created for ourselves; the image has nothing to do with the reality of people.
artists	creative	general	0	Those who do not want to imitate anything, produce nothing.
artists	creative	general	0	Through the very culture of representation through form, we have come to see that the abstract - like the mathematical - is actually expressed in and through all things, although not determinately.
artists	creative	general	0	Time abides long enough for those who make use of it.
artists	creative	general	0	Time is an illusion. Time only exists when we think about the past and the future. Time doesn't exist in the present here and now.
artists	creative	general	0	Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it.
artists	creative	general	0	To control the breathing is to control the mind. With different patterns of breathing, you can fall in love, you can hate someone, you can feel the whole spectrum of feelings just by changing your breathing.
artists	creative	general	0	To copy others is necessary, but to copy oneself is pathetic.
artists	creative	general	0	To create one's world in any of the arts takes courage.
artists	creative	general	0	To draw you must close your eyes and sing.
artists	creative	general	0	To finish a work? To finish a picture? What nonsense! To finish it means to be through with it, to kill it, to rid it of its soul, to give it its final blow the coup de grace for the painter as well as for the picture.
artists	creative	general	0	To have a relationship that is pure and passionate and beautiful - I think people are scared of having that now. Especially guys.
artists	creative	general	0	To make oneself hated is more difficult than to make oneself loved.
artists	creative	general	0	To me, a painter, if not the most useful, is the least harmful member of our society.
artists	creative	general	0	To me, the concept of distance is not important. Distance doesn't exist, in fact, and neither does time. Vibrations from love or music can be felt everywhere, at all times.
artists	creative	general	0	To move the picture into our surroundings and give it real existence has been my ideal since I came to abstract painting.
artists	creative	general	0	To paint is the most terrific thing that there is, but to do it well is very difficult.
artists	creative	general	0	To protect the right of expression is the central part of an artist's activity... In China many essential rights are lacking, and I wanted to remind people of this.
artists	creative	general	0	To really change the way society thinks, you have to give your entire being to it until there's nothing left.
artists	creative	general	0	To the media, I have become a symbolic figure, critical of China. According to the government, I am a dangerous threat.
artists	creative	general	0	To work in architecture you are so much involved with society, with politics, with bureaucrats. It's a very complicated process to do large projects. You start to see the society, how it functions, how it works. Then you have a lot of criticism about how it works.
artists	creative	general	0	Today painters do not have to go to a subject matter outside of themselves. Most modern painters work from a different source. They work from within.
artists	creative	general	0	Today, our attention is less than the television advertisement. We're looking at six or seven problems constantly. We're living in the disturbed societies of cities. I think modern technology is one of the worst things human beings have invented.
artists	creative	general	0	Tradition is the great misleader because it's too easy to follow what has already been done - even though you may think you're giving it a kick. I was really trying to invent, instead of merely expressing myself.
artists	creative	general	0	True Boogie-Woogie I conceive as homogeneous in intention with mine in painting: destruction of melody, which is the equivalent of destruction of natural appearance, and construction through the continuous opposition of pure means - dynamic rhythm.
artists	creative	general	0	True artists are prophets. I don't want to be that prophetic in that sense because it's so lonely.
artists	creative	general	0	Twitter was like a poem. It was rich, real and spontaneous. It really fit my style. In a year and a half, I tweeted 60,000 tweets, over 100,000 words. I spent a minimum eight hours a day on it, sometimes 24 hours.
artists	creative	general	0	Voyeurism is a director's job description. It's an artist's, too.
artists	creative	general	0	War is over if you want it.
artists	creative	general	0	Warhol's images made sense to me, although I knew nothing at the time of his background in commercial art. To be honest, I didn't think about him a hell of a lot.
artists	creative	general	0	Wars have never hurt anybody except the people who die.
artists	creative	general	0	Water is the driving force of all nature.
artists	creative	general	0	We all know that Art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth, at least the truth that is given to us to understand.
artists	creative	general	0	We always project into the future or reflect in the past, but we are so little in the present.
artists	creative	general	0	We are actually living in a million parallel realities every single minute.
artists	creative	general	0	We are all dreamers creating the next world, the next beautiful world for ourselves and for our children.
artists	creative	general	0	We are all hungry and thirsty for concrete images. Abstract art will have been good for one thing: to restore its exact virginity to figurative art.
artists	creative	general	0	We are involved in a life that passes understanding and our highest business is our daily life.
artists	creative	general	0	We are used to cleaning the outside house, but the most important house to clean is yourself - your own house - which we never do.
artists	creative	general	0	We artists have the dignity to tell the truth to the people, unlike politicians.
artists	creative	general	0	We carry our homes within us which enables us to fly.
artists	creative	general	0	We don't grow older, we grow riper.
artists	creative	general	0	We don't live by just sleeping and eating. We need pride and dignity in our lives. Work gives you that.
artists	creative	general	0	We know that our cells are speaking to each other.
artists	creative	general	0	We live in an age when the traditional great subjects - the human form, the landscape, even newer traditions such as abstract expressionism - are daily devalued by commercial art.
artists	creative	general	0	We live too long for one marriage.
artists	creative	general	0	We make such terrible mistakes with visual choices about beauty.
artists	creative	general	0	We must always remember that the Chinese revolution was not a peasant's revolution, but one of the extreme Right.
artists	creative	general	0	We must look not to the negative (the misery, the bestial in life), although we undergo it and sympathize with it, but rather to the burgeoning life around us, which is strengthened by the negative.
artists	creative	general	0	We must not discriminate between things. Where things are concerned there are no class distinctions. We must pick out what is good for us where we can find it.
artists	creative	general	0	We need not destroy the past. It is gone.
artists	creative	general	0	We need words to name and designate things. But we have only a static language with which to express ourselves.
artists	creative	general	0	We're growing up together, the human race. And we've discovered a lot of things that we didn't know. We're finding our way. Instead of thinking about doomsday all the time, think about how beautiful the world is. We're all together, and together we're getting wiser.
artists	creative	general	0	Weight, force and casual impulse, together with resistance, are the four external powers in which all the visible actions of mortals have their being and their end.
artists	creative	general	0	What am I? Do I know? I am a man: quite simply, a 'breather.'
artists	creative	general	0	What art is, in reality, is this missing link, not the links which exist. It's not what you see that is art; art is the gap.
artists	creative	general	0	What is a face, really? Its own photo? Its make-up? Or is it a face as painted by such or such painter? That which is in front? Inside? Behind? And the rest? Doesn't everyone look at himself in his own particular way? Deformations simply do not exist.
artists	creative	general	0	What makes the production of my work so expensive? The whole installation thing - the construction, the objects, the technology. It really adds up.
artists	creative	general	0	What the Beatles did was something incredible, it was more than what a band could do. We have to give them respect.
artists	creative	general	0	What we do really affects the world. Most of us think we can't do anything, but it really isn't true.
artists	creative	general	0	What would I do with money? I have enough for my needs. I don't want any more. If I had a lot, I would have to care for it, worry about it.
artists	creative	general	0	What's great about this country is that America started the tradition where the richest consumers buy essentially the same things as the poorest.
artists	creative	general	0	When I am in my painting, I'm not aware of what I'm doing.
artists	creative	general	0	When I die, it will be a shipwreck, and as when a huge ship sinks, many people all around will be sucked down with it.
artists	creative	general	0	When I got my first television set, I stopped caring so much about having close relationships.
artists	creative	general	0	When I got pregnant, I had to concentrate on being pregnant for a whole nine months, even though I knew it was ruining my career at the time.
artists	creative	general	0	When I put a bicycle wheel on a stool, the fork down, there was no idea of a 'ready-made' or anything else. It was just a distraction. I didn't have any special reason to do it, or any intention of showing it or describing anything.
artists	creative	general	0	When I say artist I mean the man who is building things - creating molding the earth - whether it be the plains of the west - or the iron ore of Penn. It's all a big game of construction - some with a brush - some with a shovel - some choose a pen.
artists	creative	general	0	When I speak out against the guns or against the big corporations, some of my friends say, 'Oh Yoko, be careful. These people have all the power.' But, you know, most people don't speak out because they are frightened.
artists	creative	general	0	When I think about how I want to reach an audience, I just wanted to make pieces that were inspired by something that gave me so much pleasure.
artists	creative	general	0	When I turned 60, it didn't bother me at all.
artists	creative	general	0	When I was a child, my mother said to me, 'If you become a soldier, you'll be a general. If you become a monk, you'll end up as the Pope.' Instead, I became a painter and wound up as Picasso.
artists	creative	general	0	When I was four years old, my mother put me into a school for early music education where you get perfect pitch and harmony and composition.
artists	creative	general	0	When I'm painting, I'm not aware of what I'm doing. It's only after a get acquainted period that I see what I've been about. I've no fears about making changes for the painting has a life of its own.
artists	creative	general	0	When Lady Gaga says I am her inspiration, you reach kids between 12 and 18. Now I am like a brand - jeans, Coca-Cola.
artists	creative	general	0	When Orientals are attacked, they don't hit back.
artists	creative	general	0	When cubism began to take a social form, Metzinger was especially talked about. He explained cubism, while Picasso never explained anything. It took a few years to see that not talking was better than talking too much.
artists	creative	general	0	When my daughter was young, she thought all electronic signs were mine.
artists	creative	general	0	When people ask me what the most important thing is in life, I answer: 'Just breathe.'
artists	creative	general	0	When people ask me where I am from I never say, 'Serbia.' I always say, 'I come from a country that no longer exists.'
artists	creative	general	0	When people don't understand my work, I don't feel like explaining.
artists	creative	general	0	When the vision of the 'Nude' flashed upon me, I knew that it would break forever the enslaving chains of Naturalism.
artists	creative	general	0	When we separate music from life we get art.
artists	creative	general	0	When you are suffering, you become more understanding about yourself, but also about other people's sufferings too. That's the first step to understand somebody is to understand their sufferings. So then love follows.
artists	creative	general	0	When you are totally depressed, you should try giggling. Just make yourself laugh. Force yourself to laugh.
artists	creative	general	0	When you go through a negative situation, don't think about it. Make it positive.
artists	creative	general	0	When you go to war, both sides lose totally.
artists	creative	general	0	When you have a nonverbal conversation with a total stranger, then he can't cover himself with words, he can't create a wall.
artists	creative	general	0	When you have strict censorship of the internet, young students cannot receive a full education. Their view of the world is imbalanced. There can be no true discussion of the issues.
artists	creative	general	0	When you make a painting, even abstract, there is always a sort of necessary filling-in.
artists	creative	general	0	When you start with a portrait and search for a pure form, a clear volume, through successive eliminations, you arrive inevitably at the egg. Likewise, starting with the egg and following the same process in reverse, one finishes with the portrait.
artists	creative	general	0	When you think about it, department stores are kind of like museums.
artists	creative	general	0	When you walk down the street and see something in a crazy spot, there's something powerful about that. The street will always be an important part of getting art out there for me.
artists	creative	general	0	When you're imagining peace, you can't kill anyone. That's good isn't it?
artists	creative	general	0	Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art.
artists	creative	general	0	Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge.
artists	creative	general	0	While I thought that I was learning how to live, I have been learning how to die.
artists	creative	general	0	Who sees the human face correctly: the photographer, the mirror, or the painter?
artists	creative	general	0	Who sows virtue reaps honor.
artists	creative	general	0	Whoever says he is starting from a given in nature may be right, and so is he who says he is starting from nothing!
artists	creative	general	0	Why am I not feminist? Maybe because I come from a country where my mother ruled my life. I never felt in any way that I couldn't achieve what I want.
artists	creative	general	0	Why are all the artists so dead-set on distorting? It seems to be a reaction against photography, but I'm not sure.
artists	creative	general	0	Why do they cover Paul's songs but never mine?
artists	creative	general	0	Why do two colors, put one next to the other, sing? Can one really explain this? no. Just as one can never learn how to paint.
artists	creative	general	0	Why does the eye see a thing more clearly in dreams than the imagination when awake?
artists	creative	general	0	With classical ballet you are literally injuring yourself.
artists	creative	general	0	Women are put in a position of feeling embarrassed about their bodies. It's so ridiculous, but also astounding - we have to always be apologetic about having created the human race.
artists	creative	general	0	Women are very intelligent and not appreciated. We try to pretend that we are not clever, and it's such a pity that we can't show how clever we are.
artists	creative	general	0	Women artists are still treated differently from men.
artists	creative	general	0	Women have become stronger, and there's a backlash. Men have become terribly possessive. I find it much easier to get on with women.
artists	creative	general	0	Women's art, political art - those categorisations perpetuate a certain kind of marginality which I'm resistant to. But I absolutely define myself as a feminist.
artists	creative	general	0	Words are power. And a book is full of words. Be careful what power you get from it. But know that you do.
artists	creative	general	0	Words are the tools of 'to be' - of expression. They are completely built on the fact that you 'are,' and in order to express it, you have built a little alphabet, and you make your words from it.
artists	creative	general	0	Words such as truth, art, veracity, or anything are stupid in themselves.
artists	creative	general	0	Work is a necessity for man. Man invented the alarm clock.
artists	creative	general	0	You can be lonely when you have a guy living with you.
artists	creative	general	0	You can be very wild and still be very wise.
artists	creative	general	0	You can have no dominion greater or less than that over yourself.
artists	creative	general	0	You can't always be in awe of someone's talent, living with them.
artists	creative	general	0	You can't always measure the effects of activist work; you just have to wish and pray that the message gets through.
artists	creative	general	0	You can't choreograph death, but you can choreograph your funeral.
artists	creative	general	0	You change the world by being yourself.
artists	creative	general	0	You do ill if you praise, but worse if you censure, what you do not understand.
artists	creative	general	0	You get whatever accomplishment you are willing to declare.
artists	creative	general	0	You have to approach something with indifference, as if you had no aesthetic emotion. The choice of readymades is always based on visual indifference and, at the same time, on the total absence of good or bad taste.
artists	creative	general	0	You have to have an idea of what you are going to do, but it should be a vague idea.
artists	creative	general	0	You know I very much respect Yvonne Rainer, she is very important - in American dance, the entire development of modern dance, and creating a wonderful physical language.
artists	creative	general	0	You know, James Franco is one of the most interesting figures because he has no rules. He breaks all the borders.
artists	creative	general	0	You know, art is very emotional business. But mostly it becomes not emotional, the fabric of commodity. It becomes business. It becomes so many different things. Because we forgot there was emotions involved.
artists	creative	general	0	You know, one of the only times I ever wrote about art was the obituary of Warhol that I did for the Village Voice.
artists	creative	general	0	You know, something happened to me when I became 70. I started to feel a tremendous love for the human race, and life and this planet, the universe, the whole shebang.
artists	creative	general	0	You live in the city and all the time there are signs telling you what to do and billboards trying to sell you something.
artists	creative	general	0	You mustn't always believe what I say. Questions tempt you to tell lies, particularly when there is no answer.
artists	creative	general	0	Your ego can become an obstacle to your work. If you start believing in your greatness, it is the death of your creativity.
artists	creative	general	0	Your private life is really very important for you. You know, all of us, you know.
artists	creative	general	0	Youth has no age.
wblake	creative	general	0	A fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	A truth that's told with bad intent beats all the lies you can invent. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Active Evil is better than Passive Good. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Always be ready to speak your mind, and a base man will avoid you. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Art can never exist without naked beauty displayed. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	As a man is, so he sees. As the eye is formed, such are its powers. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Both read the Bible day and night, but thou read black where I read white. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Can I see another's woe, and not be in sorrow too? Can I see another's grief, and not seek for kind relief? ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Christ's crucifix shall be made an excuse for executing criminals. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Do what you will, this world's a fiction and is made up of contradiction. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Energy is an eternal delight, and he who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Eternity is in love with the productions of time. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Every harlot was a virgin once. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Excessive sorrow laughs. Excessive joy weeps. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Exuberance is beauty. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	For everything that lives is holy, life delights in life. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Fun I love, but too much fun is of all things the most loathsome. Mirth is better than fun, and happiness is better than mirth. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Great things are done when men and mountains meet. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	He who binds to himself a joy Does the winged life destroy; But he who kisses the joy as it flies Lives in eternity's sun rise. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	He who desires, but acts not, breeds pestilence. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	He who would do good to another must do it in Minute Particulars: general Good is the plea of the scoundrel, hypocrite, and flatterer, for Art and Science cannot exist but in minutely organized Particulars. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	He whose face gives no light, shall never become a star. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	I am in you and you in me, mutual in divine love. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	I have no name: I am but two days old. What shall I call thee? I happy am, Joy is my name. Sweet joy befall thee! ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	I must create a system or be enslaved by another mans; I will not reason and compare: my business is to create. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	I was angry with my friend: I told my wrath, my wrath did end. I was angry with my foe: I told it not, my wrath did grow. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	If a thing loves, it is infinite. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	If the Sun and Moon should ever doubt, they'd immediately go out. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	If the doors of perception were cleansed everything would appear to man as it is, infinite. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	If the fool would persist in his folly he would become wise. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Imagination is the real and eternal world of which this vegetable universe is but a faint shadow. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	In seed time learn, in harvest teach, in winter enjoy. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	It is not because angels are holier than men or devils that makes them angels, but because they do not expect holiness from one another, but from God only. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Lives in eternity's sun rise. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Love seeketh not itself to please, nor for itself hath any care, but for another gives its ease, and builds a Heaven in Hell's despair. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Love to faults is always blind, always is to joy inclined. Lawless, winged, and unconfined, and breaks all chains from every mind. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Man has no Body distinct from his Soul; for that called Body is a portion of Soul discerned by the five Senses, the chief inlets of Soul in this age. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	No bird soars too high if he soars with his own wings. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	One thought fills immensity. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Opposition is true friendship. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Poetry fettered, fetters the human race. Nations are destroyed or flourish in proportion as their poetry, painting, and music are destroyed or flourish. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Prisons are built with stones of Law. Brothels with the bricks of religion. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Prudence is a rich, ugly, old maid courted by incapacity. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	That the Jews assumed a right exclusively to the benefits of God will be a lasting witness against them and the same will it be against Christians. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The bird a nest, the spider a web, man friendship. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The difference between a bad artist and a good one is: the bad artist seems to copy a great deal; the good one really does. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The eye altering, alters all. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The fool who persists in his folly will become wise. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The foundation of empire is art and science. Remove them or degrade them, and the empire is no more. Empire follows art and not vice versa as Englishmen suppose. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The man who never alters his opinions is like standing water, and breeds reptiles of the mind. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The man who never in his mind and thoughts travel'd to heaven is no artist. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The road of excess leads to the palace of wisdom. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The soul of sweet delight, can never be defiled. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The thankful receiver bears a plentiful harvest. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The tigers of wrath are wiser than the horses of instruction. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The tree which moves some to tears of joy is in the eyes of others only a green thing that stands in the way. Some see nature all ridicule and deformity... and some scarce see nature at all. But to the eyes of the man of imagination, nature is imagination itself. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The true method of knowledge is experiment. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	The weak in courage is strong in cunning. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Think in the morning. Act in the noon. Eat in the evening. Sleep in the night. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Those who restrain their desires, do so because theirs is weak enough to be restrained. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	To generalize is to be an idiot. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	To see a world in a grain of sand and heaven in a wild flower Hold infinity in the palm of your hand and eternity in an hour. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	To the eyes of a miser a guinea is more beautiful than the sun, and a bag worn with the use of money has more beautiful proportions than a vine filled with grapes. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Travelers repose and dream among my leaves. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	What is grand is necessarily obscure to weak men. That which can be made explicit to the idiot is not worth my care. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	What is now proved was once only imagined. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	What is the price of experience? Do men buy it for a song? Or wisdom for a dance in the street? No, it is bought with the price of all the man hath, his house, his wife, his children. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	When I tell the truth, it is not for the sake of convincing those who do not know it, but for the sake of defending those that do. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	When a sinister person means to be your enemy, they always start by trying to become your friend. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	When the green woods laugh with the voice of joy, And the dimpling stream runs laughing by; When the air does laugh with our merry wit, And the green hill laughs with the noise of it. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Where mercy, love, and pity dwell, there God is dwelling too. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	Without contraries is no progression. Attraction and repulsion, reason and energy, love and hate, are necessary to human existence. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	You cannot have Liberty in this world without what you call Moral Virtue, and you cannot have Moral Virtue without the slavery of that half of the human race who hate what you call Moral Virtue. ~ William Blake
wblake	creative	general	0	You never know what is enough unless you know what is more than enough. ~ William Blake
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	'Reflection on Ingenuity' Here's a good rule of thumb: Too clever is dumb.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	'The Cow' The cow is of the bovine ilk; One end is moo, the other, milk
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	'The Eel' I don't mind eels Except as meals And the way they feels.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	'The Guppy' Whales have calves, Cats have kittens, Bears have cubs, Bats have bittens, Swans have cygnets, Seals have puppies, But guppies just have little guppies.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	'The Octopus' Tell me, O Octopus, I begs, Is those things arms, or is they legs? I marvel at thee, Octopus If I were thou, I'd call me Us.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	'The Ostrich' The ostrich roams the great Sahara. Its mouth is wide, its neck is narra. It has such long and lofty legs, I'm glad it sits to lay its eggs.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	'The Pig' The pig, if I am not mistaken, Supplies us sausage, ham and bacon, Let others say his heart is big-- I call it stupid of the pig.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	A door is what a dog is perpetually on the wrong side of.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Candy is dandy but liquor is quicker.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, but it's very funny - Did you ever try buying them without money?
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Children aren't happy with nothing to ignore, and that's what parents were created for.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Commitments the voters don't know about can't hurt you.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Do you think my mind is maturing late, or simply rotted early?
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Every Englishman is convinced of one thing, viz.: That to be an Englishman is to belong to the most exclusive club there is.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Every New Year is the direct descendant, isn't it, of a long line of proven criminals?
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Happiness is having a scratch for every itch.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	I claim there ain't Another Saint As great as Valentine.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	I do not like to get the news, because there has never been an era when so many things were going so right for so many of the wrong persons.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	I have an idea that the phrase 'weaker sex' was coined by some woman to disarm the man she was preparing to overwhelm.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	I hope my tongue in prune juice smothers, If I belittle dogs and mothers.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	I think remorse ought to stop biting the consciences that feed it.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	I think that I shall never see a billboard lovely as a tree.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	I think that I shall never see a billboard lovely as a tree. Perhaps, unless the billboards fall, I'll never see a tree at all.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	I would live all my life in nonchalance and insouciance, Were it not for making a living, which is rather a nouciance.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	If you don't want to work you have to work to earn enough money so that you won't have to work.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Life is not having been told that the man has just waxed the floor.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets them.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Middle age is when you're sitting at home on a Saturday night and the telephone rings and you hope it isn't for you.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Middle age is when you've met so many people that every new person you meet reminds you of someone else.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	No, you never get any fun out of the things you haven't done.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Oh, what a tangled web do parents weave when they think that their children are naive.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	One man's remorse is another man's reminiscence.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Parents were invented to make children happy by giving them something to ignore.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	People who have what they want are fond of telling people who haven't what they want that they really don't want it.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	People who work sitting down get paid more than people who work standing up.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Professional men, they have no cares; whatever happens, they get theirs.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Progress might have been alright once, but it has gone on too long.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Remorse is a violent dyspepsia of the mind.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Some debts are fun when you are acquiring them, but none are fun when you set about retiring them.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	The bed is a bundle of paradoxes: we go to it with reluctance, yet we quit it with regret; we make up our minds every night to leave it early, but we make up our bodies every morning to keep it late.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	The most exciting happiness is the happiness generated by forces beyond your control.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	The only people who should really sin are the people who can sin and grin.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	The trouble with a kitten is that eventually it becomes a cat.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	There are people who are very resourceful, at being remorseful, and who apparently feel that the best way to make friends is to do something terrible and then make amends.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	There is only one way to achieve happiness on this terrestrial ball, and that is to have either a clear conscience or none at all.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	To keep your marriage brimming, With love in the loving cup, Whenever you're wrong, admit it; Whenever you're right, shut up.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Too clever is dumb.
ogden_nash	creative	general	0	Women would rather be right than reasonable.
stevenson	creative	general	0	A free society is a society where it is safe to be unpopular. ~ Adlai Stevenson
stevenson	creative	general	0	A funny thing happened to me on the way to the White House. ~ Adlai Stevenson
stevenson	creative	general	0	Freedom is not an ideal, it is not even a protection, if it means nothing more than freedom to stagnate, to live without dreams, to have no greater aim than a second car and another television set. ~ Adlai Stevenson
stevenson	creative	general	0	I will make a bargain with the Republicans. If they will stop telling lies about Democrats, we will stop telling the truth about them. ~ Adlai Stevenson
stevenson	creative	general	0	In America any boy may become President, and I suppose it's just one of the risks he takes. ~ Adlai Stevenson
stevenson	creative	general	0	Nixon is the kind of politician who would cut down a redwood tree, then mount the stump for a speech on conservation. ~ Adlai Stevenson
stevenson	creative	general	0	Patriotism is not a short and frenzied outburst of emotion but the tranquil and steady dedication of a lifetime. ~ Adlai Stevenson
stevenson	creative	general	0	Saskatchewan is much like Texas - except it's more friendly to the United States. ~ Adlai Stevenson
stevenson	creative	general	0	The New Dealers have all left Washington to make way for the car dealers. ~ Adlai Stevenson
stevenson	creative	general	0	The Republicans have a me too candidate running on a yes but platform, advised by a has been staff. ~ Adlai Stevenson
stevenson	creative	general	0	There is no evil in the atom; only in men's souls. ~ Adlai Stevenson
stevenson	creative	general	0	To me, there is something superbly symbolic in the fact that an astronaut, sent up as assistant to a series of computers, found that he worked more accurately and more intelligently than they. Inside the capsule, man is still in charge. ~ Adlai Stevenson
stevenson	creative	general	0	We live in an era of revolution, the revolution of rising expectations. ~ Adlai Stevenson
stevenson	creative	general	0	With the supermarket as our temple and the singing commercial as our litany, are we likely to fire the world with an irresistible vision of America's exalted purpose and inspiring way of life? ~ Adlai Stevenson
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	(Organic) machinery.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	A line has two sides.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	A very small object. Its center.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Abandon normal instruments.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Accept advice.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Accretion.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Allow an easement (an easement is the abandonment of a stricture).
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Always first steps.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Always give yourself credit for having more than personality.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Are there sections?
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Ask people to work against their better judgment.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Ask your body.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Assemble some of the elements in a group and treat the group.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Balance the consistency principle with the inconsistency principle.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Be dirty.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Be extravagant.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Be less critical more often.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Breathe more deeply.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Bridges -build -burn.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Cascades.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Change instrument roles.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Change nothing and continue with immaculate consistency.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Children -speaking -singing.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Cluster analysis.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Consider different fading systems.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Consider transitions.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Consult other sources -promising -unpromising.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Convert a melodic element into a rhythmic element.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Courage!
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Cut a vital connection.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Decorate, decorate.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Define an area as 'safe' and use it as an anchor.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Destroy -nothing -the most important thing.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Discard an axiom.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Disciplined self-indulgence.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Disconnect from desire.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Discover the recipes you are using and abandon them.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Distorting time.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Do nothing for as long as possible.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Do something boring.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Do the washing up.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Do the words need changing?
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Do we need holes?
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Don't be afraid of things because they're easy to do.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Don't be frightened of cliches.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Don't be frightened to display your talents.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Don't break the silence.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Don't stress one thing more than another.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Emphasize differences.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Emphasize repetitions.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Emphasize the flaws.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Faced with a choice, do both.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Feed the recording back out of the medium.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Fill every beat with something.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	From nothing to more than nothing.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Get your neck massaged.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Ghost echoes.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Give the game away.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Give way to your worst impulse.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Go outside. Shut the door.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Go slowly all the way round the outside.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Go to an extreme, move back to a more comfortable place.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Honor thy error as a hidden intention.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	How would you have done it?
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Humanize something free of error.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Idiot glee (?).
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Imagine a caterpillar moving.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Imagine the piece as a set of disconnected events.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	In total darkness, or in a very large room, very quietly.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Infinitesimal gradations.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Intentions -nobility of -humility of -credibility of.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Into the impossible.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Is it finished?
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Is the intonation correct?
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Is there something missing?
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	It is quite possible (after all).
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Just carry on.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Left channel, right channel, center channel.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Listen to the quiet voice.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Look at a very small object, look at its center.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Look at the order in which you do things.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Look closely at the most embarrassing details and amplify them.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Lost in useless territory.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Lowest common denominator.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Make a blank valuable by putting it in an exquisite frame.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Make a sudden, destructive unpredictable action; incorporate.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Make an exhaustive list of everything you might do and do the last thing on the list.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Mechanize something idiosyncratic.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Mute and continue.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Not building a wall but making a brick.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Once the search is in progress, something will be found.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Only a part, not the whole.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Only one element of each kind.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Overtly resist change.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Put in ear plugs.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Question the heroic approach.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Reevaluation (a warm feeling).
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Remember those quiet evenings.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Remove ambiguities and convert to specifics.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Remove specifics and convert to ambiguities.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Repetition is a form of change.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Retrace your steps.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Reverse.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Short circuit (example; a man eating peas with the idea that they will improve his virility shovels them straight into his lap).
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Simple subtraction.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Simply a matter of work.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Spectrum analysis.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	State the problem in words as clearly as possible.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Take a break.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Take away the elements in order of apparent non-importance.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Tape your mouth.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	The inconsistency principle.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	The most important thing is the thing most easily forgotten.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	The tape is now the music.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Think of the radio.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Tidy up.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Towards the insignificant.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Trust in the you of now.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Turn it upside down.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Twist the spine.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Use 'unqualified' people.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Use an old idea.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Use an unacceptable color.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Use fewer notes.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Use filters.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	What are the sections sections of?
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	What are you really thinking about just now?
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	What is the reality of the situation?
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	What mistakes did you make last time?
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	What would your closest friend do?
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	What wouldn't you do?
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Work at a different speed.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	Would anybody want it?
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	You are an engineer.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	You can only make one dot at a time.
ObliqueStrategies	creative	general	0	You don't have to be ashamed of using your own ideas.
ObscureSorrows	creative	general	0	ameneurosis n. The half-forlorn, half-escapist ache of a train whistle calling in the distance at night. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
ObscureSorrows	creative	general	0	gnasche n. The intense desire to bite deeply into the forearm of someone you love. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
ObscureSorrows	creative	general	0	hiybbprqag n. The feeling that everything original has already been done, that the experiment of human culture long ago filled its petri dish and now just feeds on itself, endlessly crossbreeding old cliches into a radioactive ooze of sadness. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
ObscureSorrows	creative	general	0	lilo n. A friendship that can lie dormant for years only to pick right back up instantly, as if no time had passed since you last saw each other. From 'lifelong' + 'lie low.' Pronounced lahy-loh. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
ObscureSorrows	creative	general	0	rollover reaction n. When your dream about someone you know skews how you feel about them all the next day, an emotion you are unable and unwilling to shake. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
ObscureSorrows	creative	general	0	scabulous adj. Proud of a scar on your body, an autograph signed to you by a world grateful for your continued willingness to play with her, even when you don't feel like it. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
ObscureSorrows	creative	general	0	scabulous adj. Proud of a scar on your body, which is an autograph signed to you by a world grateful for your continued willingness to play with her, even when you don't feel like it. From scab + fabulous. ~ Dictionary of Obscure Sorrows
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	acatalectic having complete or full number of syllables in a poetic line
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	accismus in rhetoric, pretending to refuse something
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	adynaton rhetorical use of a nearly impossible situation for emphasis
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	agnomination rhetorical use of similar-sounding words for effect
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	alogism illogical statement
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	anacoenosis rhetorical questioning of hearers or opponents for opinions on a matter
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	anacoluthon moving to new topic of discussion before finishing current one
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	anadiplosis repeating last word of clause at beginning of next clause
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	analepsis repetition of a word or phrase for emphasis; pleonasm
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	anaphora repetition of a word at beginning of successive phrases for emphasis
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	anastrophe reversing or inverting word order as rhetorical device
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	antanaclasis repetition of key word of phrase as a play on words
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	anthorism counter-definition; redefinition of opponent's term for rhetorical effect
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	anthypophora refuting an objection using a contrary inference
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	anticlimax expression whose last part is decreased in effect from the prior part
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	antimetabole figure in which words or phrases are repeated but in inverse order
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	antimetathesis inversion of the parts of an antithesis
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	antiphrasis use of words in a sense opposite to literal
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	antistrophe repetition of words in reverse order
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	antistrophon turning of opponent's own argument against them
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	antithesis contrast of ideas by means of parallel arrangement of words or clauses
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	antonomasia use of descriptive phrase or epithet instead of proper name
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	aparithmesis rhetorical answer to a proposition
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	apodosis main concluding clause in a conditional sentence
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	apophasis saying something by stating that you will not mention it
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	aposiopesis suddenly stopping in the middle of a speech for emphasis
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	apostrophe addressing of a personified thing rhetorically
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	asteism refined irony
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	asyndeton rhetorical device of omitting conjunctions
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	atticism expression characterized by conciseness and elegance
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	auxesis increase in size; hyperbole or augmentation of meaning
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	bathos appearance of the commonplace in elevated matter for rhetorical effect
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	catastasis introductory part of speech where narrator introduces subject
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	chiasmus contrast by parallelism in reverse order
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	climax gradual increase in force of rhetorical expressions or drama of a performance
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	consecution logical sequence or progression of an argument
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	diacope rhetorical separation of a compound word by a third word; tmesis
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	diallage device in which many arguments brought upon one point
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	diallelus circular argument
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	dialogism rhetorical discussion in form of an imaginary dialogue
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	diaporesis rhetorical expression of uncertainty of which of two options to adopt
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	diasyrm rhetorical device of condemning through faint praise
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	diatyposis rhetorically vivid and clear description of a subject
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	dicaeology defending oneself in argument by claiming justification
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	dilemma in rhetoric, forcing a choice between two equally unfavourable choices
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	dilogy intentional ambiguousness
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	dinumeration numbering of rhetorical points one by one
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	ecbole digression
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	echolalia echo-like repetition of another's words
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	echopraxia echo-like repetition of another's actions
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	ecphasis explicit declaration or interpretation
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	ecphonesis rhetorical exclamation
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	ecphrasis plain interpretation of a thing
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	ekphrasis description of a work of art as rhetorical exercise
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	enantiosis ironic expression of idea by refuting its contrary
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	enthymeme rhetorical suppression or omission of a premise
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epanadiplosis sentence which begins and ends with same word
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epanalepsis repetition
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epanaphora repetition of same word at beginning of multiple phrases or sentences
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epanastrophe device where end of one sentence is repeated as beginning of next
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epanodos recapitulation of chief points in a discourse after digression
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epanorthosis retraction of statement in order to intensify it
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epexegesis addition of words to make the sense more clear
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epibole device of beginning several clauses with same word
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epilogue rhetorical conclusion or summary
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epiphonema exclamation, finishing phrase or reflection
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epiphora rhetorical repetition of a word at the end of several sentences
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epiplexis persuasion through stylized but severe criticism of opponent
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epiploce use of multiple entwined points in succession in an argument
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epistrophe ending of successive clauses with the same word
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epitrope rhetorical but ironic granting of permission to an opponent to do something
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	epizeuxis immediate repetition of a word for emphasis
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	erotesis rhetorical questioning
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	ethopoeia delineation of the character of someone or something
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	euphemism rhetorical use of a pleasant or favourable form in place of a harsh one
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	exergasia remaining on one point of argument while gradually fleshing it out
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	gemination doubling of a consonant sound; in rhetoric, repetition of a word or phrase
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	hendiadys expression of adjective and noun as two adjectives
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	heterosis use of one form of a noun or pronoun in place of another for rhetorical effect
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	homeoteleuton the use or occurrence of similar word endings
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	homoeoptoton use of series of words sharing the same verb or noun inflections
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	hypallage figure in which relations between words are changed
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	hyperbaton rhetorical device in which word order is reversed
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	hyperbole impression by extravagant exaggeration
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	hypercatalectic having an extra syllable on the end of a line of verse
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	hypobole anticipating and refuting objections to an argument
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	hypophora statement of an opponent's probable but as yet unstated objection
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	hypostrophe return to primary argument after digression
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	hypotyposis vivid description of a scene
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	hysteron proteron in rhetoric, putting first what normally comes last
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	ischiorrhogic of an iambic line, having spondees in the second, fourth or sixth place
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	lemma preliminary proposition, theme, argument or headword
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	litotes understatement by affirming using negation of the contrary
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	macrology much talk with little to say; redundancy; pleonasm
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	meiosis understatement of size or importance for rhetorical effect
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	merism rhetorical device of contrasting two parts of a whole
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	mesozeugma placement of a word referring to two different clauses between them
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	metabasis transition; transfer; in rhetoric, movement from one topic to another
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	metalepsis metonymy of a double or indirect kind
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	metaphor figurative transfer of qualities from one object or event to another
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	metaphrase turning of prose into verse or vice versa
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	metastasis removal from one place to another; rapid transition in argument
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	metonymy figurative use of word to name an attribute of its subject
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	mimesis rhetorical imitation of another's words or mannerisms
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	mycterism sneering; rhetorical sarcasm or irony
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	noema stating something obscurely, forcing listeners to work it out
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	oxymoron figure of speech combining contradictory terms
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	palillogy repetition of a word or word or phrase
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	parabola rhetorical use of simile or metaphor
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	paradiastole description of an unfavourable quality through a favourable synonym
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	paradigma rhetorical comparison by resemblance to another thing
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	paraenesis rhetorical expression of advice or warning
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	paragram play on words in which letters are changed
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	paralipsis fixing attention on subject by pretending to neglect it
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	paranomasia rhetorical art of punning
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	parathesis apposition; compounding of words without change
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	parecbasis rhetorical digression or deviation from expected topic
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	paregmenon repetition of a word or its cognates in a series of words
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	parembole insertion of something related to the subject into a phrase
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	paremptosis insertion of something related to the subject into a phrase
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	parison even balance of elements in a sentence
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	paroemia proverb or adage used in argumentation
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	paromoion starting statement with several words starting with the same letter
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	paromologia partial admission of opponent's argument to strengthen one's final position
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	parrhesia asking forgiveness in advance for frank or bold speech
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	pathopoeia excitation of passion by rhetoric or poetry
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	periergia use of elevated style to discuss a trivial matter
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	periphrasis circumlocution; round-about expression
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	perissology verbiage; pleonasm
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	pleonasm redundancy; use of more words than necessary
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	ploce repetition of word in more expressive sense for emphasis
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	polyptoton repetition of word in same sentence with multiple inflectional endings
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	polysyndeton rhetorical device of repeating conjunction for emphasis
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	preterition passing over or omission; drawing attention to a thing by claiming to omit it
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	procatalepsis anticipating and answering an opponent's objections
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	prolepsis anticipation; device where objections are anticipated
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	pronomination description of a thing by its qualities rather than its proper name
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	prosopopoeia personification; representation of absent person as speaking
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	protasis first clause in a conditional expression; introductory part of a play
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	prothysteron putting last what normally comes first in an expression or argument
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	protozeugma zeugma in which word referring to two clauses is placed before both of them
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	schesis deriding opponent's argument by referring to his way of thought
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	simile comparison of two things
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	sorites string of statements where end of one is subject of next
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	superjection exaggeration; hyperbole
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	syllepsis figure where word related to two others differently
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	syllogism argument in which two premises lead to a logical conclusion
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	symploce repetition of word at start of one and end of next clause
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	synchoresis concession made for the sake of more effective retort
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	synchysis confusion of meaning due to unusual arrangement
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	syncrisis comparison of diverse or contradictory things
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	syndeton phrase whose parts are joined by a conjunction
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	synecdoche part used to refer to whole or vice versa
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	synoeciosis rhetorical figure of coupling opposites
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	tapinosis use of degrading or diminutive diction regarding a topic
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	tmesis separation of word into parts by an intervening word
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	trope any figure of speech; figurative language
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	tuism apostrophe; reference to or regard to a second person
rhetorical-devices	creative	general	0	zeugma use of a word to modify two or more words in different ways
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Allswell A naturally occurring chemical that, when present in sufficient concentrations in the brain, engenders the feeling that everything is basically fine. Its level may be artificially adjusted by, e.g., consuming blithe. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Analemma A shape like a slender, elongated figure eight, observed by astronomers who track the way the sun's apparent movement across the sky varies from day to day over the course of a year. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Anathem (1) In Proto-Orth, a poetic or musical invocation of Our Mother Hylaea, used in the aut of Provener, or (2) an aut by which an incorrigible fraa or suur is ejected from the mathic world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Arbortect One who genetically engineers new species of trees. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Arbre The name of the planet on which Anathem is set. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Ark Equivalent to a church, temple, synaogue, etc., on Earth. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Atlanian See Liaison, Atlanian. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Aut A rite observed in the mathic world. Some of the more important and commonly celebrated auts are Provener, Eliger, Regred, and Requiem. Rarely celebrated rites include Anathem, Voco, and Inbrase. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Avout A person sworn to the Cartasian Discipline and therefore dwelling in the mathic, as opposed to Saecular, world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Baritoe, Saunt (1) A noblewoman of the mid-Praxic Age, the hostess and the leader of the Sconics. (2) A concent of the same name, one of the Big Three. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Baz Ancient city-state that later created an empire encompassing the known world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Big Three The Concents of Saunt Muncoster, Saunt Tredegarh, and Saunt Baritoe, all relatively old, wealthy, distinguished, and close together. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Blithe A weed that was genetically altered to produce the brain chemical known as Allswell. Forbidden to the avout. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Book, The A tome filled with subtly incoherent material, which misbehaving avout are forced to study as a form of penance. Divided into chapters, the difficulty of which grows exponentially. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Calca An explanation, definition, or lesson that is instrumental in developing some larger theme, but that has been moved aside from the main body of the dialog and encapsulated in a footnote or appendix. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Cartabla A portable location-finding and map-display gadget, like a GPS unit on Earth. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Cartasian Discipline The set of rules prescribed by Saunt Cartas, who is credited with having brought the mathic world into being following the Fall of Baz. An avout is a person who has taken an oath to observe the Discipline. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Causal Domain A collection of things mutually linked in a web of cause-and-effect relationships. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Centenarian An avout sworn not to emerge from the math or to have contact with the outside world until the next Centennial Apert. Informally, "Hundreder." ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Chronicle Log of all events, great and small, taking place within a math or concent. Assiduously maintained and archived by hierarchs. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Chronochasm In Mathic architecture, the space in the interior of a clock tower housing the workings of the clock and related equipment such as dials, bells, etc. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Cnous Ancient historical figure famous for having a vision in which he claimed to see into another, higher world. The vision was interpreted in two different and incompatible ways by his daughters Hylaea and Deat. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Collect Used as a verb, to accept a newcomer into a math from extramuros during Apert. Typically the newcomer is within a few years of his or her tenth birthday. Used as a noun to denote such a newcomer. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Cosmi Plural of cosmos. A coinage necessary for discoursing of polycosmic theorics. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Cosmographer In Earth terms, an astronomer/astrophysicist/ cosmologist. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Counter-Bazian Religion rooted in the same scriptures, and honoring the same prophets, as Bazian Orthodoxy, but explicitly rejecting the authority, and certain teachings, of the Bazian Orthodox faith. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	DAG See Directed Acyclic Graph. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Datonomy An approach to philosophy rooted in the work of the Sconics and based on rigorous study of data, or, literally, givens, meaning what is given to our minds by our sensory apparatus. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Deat One of the two daughers of Cnous, the other being Hylaea. She interpreted her father's vision as meaning that he had glimpsed a heavenly spiritual kingdom populated by angelic beings and ruled by a supreme creator. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Decenarian An avout sworn not to emerge from the math or to have contact with the outside world until the next Decennial Apert. Informally, "Tenner." ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Deolater One who favors Deat's interpretation of her father Cnous's vision and therefore believes in a Heaven with a God in it. Compare Physiologer. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Dialog, Peregrin A Dialog in which two participants of roughly equal knowledge and intelligence develop an idea by talking to each other, typically while out walking around. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Dialog, Periklynian A competitive Dialog in which each participant seeks to destroy the other's position (see Plane). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Dialog, Suvinian A Dialog in which a mentor instructs a fid, usually by asking the fid questions, as opposed to speaking discursively. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Diax An early physiologer at the Temple of Orithena, credited with driving out the Enthusiasts, founding theorics, and placing it on a solid, rigorous intellectual footing. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Directed Acyclic Graph An arrangement of nodes connected by one-way links (think boxes connected by arrows) so arranged that it is not possible to follow the links around in a circle. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Discipline See Cartasian Discipline. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Dowment In its most general usage, any wealth accumulated and held by a Lineage in the mathic world. Almost always used to refer to a building and its contents. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Doyn At Concents that observe the mealtime tradition of the Messal, a senior avout who has the privilege of sitting at the table and being waited on by a servitor. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Drummon A large wheeled vehicle used extramuros to transport heavy freight on roads. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Ecba A volcanic island in the Sea of Seas, home of the Temple of Orithena until the catastrophic eruption of-2621. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Eliger The aut by which a fid chooses, and is chosen by, a specific chapter in his or her math, and thereby ceases to be a fid. Typically celebrated within a few years of the age of twenty. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Enthusiast Disparaging term for those early Physiologers at Orithena who were driven out by Diax because of their unwillingness or inability to think rigorously. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Etrevanean See Liaison, Etrevanean. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Evenedric A protege of Halikaarn, credited with carrying Halikaarn's work forward into the time of the Reconstitution and helping to found the Semantic Faculties. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Evenedricians An early offshoot of the Halikaarnians. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Evoke To call out an avout in the aut of Voco. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Extra Slightly disparaging term used by avout to refer to Saecular people. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Extramuros The world outside the walls of the math; the Saecular world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Faanians An early offshoot of the Procians. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Fendant See Warden Fendant. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Fetch A wheeled vehicle used extramuros, typically by artisans, to transport small amounts of freight, tools, etc. Typically larger and less comfortable than a mobe. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Fid A young avout; an avout who has not yet joined an Order. See Eliger. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Fraa A male avout. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Gardan's Steelyard (1) A rule of thumb stating that when one is comparing two hypotheses, preference should be given to the one that is simpler. Also referred to as Saunt Gardan's Steelyard or simply the Steelyard. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Gheeth An informal term, verging on an ethnic slur, for a particular ethnic group in the Saecular world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Grandfraa An informal term of respect by which an avout might address a very senior fraa, especially, but not necessarily, one who has celebrated the aut of Regred. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Grandsuur An informal term of respect by which an avout might address a very senior suur, especially, but not necessarily, one who has celebrated the aut of Regred. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	HTW See Hylaean Theoric World. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Halikaarnian Of, or relating to, Saunt Halikaarn or any of the Orders that claim descent from the Semantic Faculties. Frequently seen as natural opponents of Procians and Faanians. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Hemn space What is called configuration, state, or phase space on Earth. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Hundred, to go To lose one's mind, to become mentally unsound, to stray iredeemably from the path of theorics. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Hundreder Informal term for a Centenarian (see). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Hylaean Theoric World The name used by most adherents of Protism to denote the higher plane of existence populated by perfect geometric forms, theorems, and other pure ideas (cnoons) ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Icosahedron A roughly spherical geometric figure with twenty faces, each of which is an equilateral triangle. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Inbrase A rarely celebrated aut in which Peregrins are welcomed back into the mathic world following a journey through the Seculum. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Incanter A legendary figure, associated in folklore with Halikaarnian orders, said to be able to alter physical reality by the incantation of certain coded words or phrases. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Inquisition Global body charged with maintaining uniform standards of the Discipline across all maths and concents, typically acting through the Wardens Regulant. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Inviolate One of the three Millenarian maths that was never breached during the seven decades of the Third Sack. The Three Inviolates were at the Concents of Saunt Edhar, Saunt Rambalf, and Saunt Tredegarh. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Ita A caste dwelling in the mathic world but segregated from the avout, responsible for all functions having to do with syntactic devices and the Reticulum. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Jeejah Ubiquitous handheld electronic device used by Seculars, combining functions of mobile telephone, camera, network browser, etc. Forbidden in the mathic world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Jumpweed A ubiquitous weed that when chewed acts as a stimulant. Psychoactive in larger doses. One of the Eleven. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Kedev A devotee of the Kelx or Triangle faith. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Kefedokhles A smug, pedantic interlocutor. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Kinagrams A simple set of ideograms used by Seculars in place of a written language per se. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Laboratorium At a Convox, a daily work session, typically in the morning, in which the attendees gather in groups to which they have been assigned by the hierarchs and pursue specific projects. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Lesper's Coordinates Also called Saunt Lesper's Coordinates. Equivalent to Cartesian coordinates on Earth. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Liaison A relationship, typically sexual or at least romantic, in the mathic world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Liaison, Atlanian An unusual type of liaison between a Tenner and a partner who dwells extramuros, therefore only capable of being consummated every ten years. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Liaison, Etrevanean A liaison roughly equivalent to going steady in the Saecular world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Liaison, Perelithian A liaison equivalent to marriage in the Saecular world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Liaison, Tivian The most casual and ephemeral type of liaison. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Loctor Informal contraction of Interlocutor, meaning one's partner in a Dialog. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Logotype A simple writing system used by Seculars but, during the time in which Anathem is set, being rendered obsolete by Kinagrams. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Lucub At a Convox, an informal work group that, on the members' own initiative, meets in the evening to "burn the midnight oil" on some topic of shared interest. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Ma An informal term of respect by which a fid might address a more senior suur. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Magister Title bestowed on the clergy of the Kelx faith. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Messal At certain (typically larger and older) concents, the traditional way of taking the evening meal, in which no more than seven senior avout (doyns) are waited on by an equal number of junior avout (servitors). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Metatheorics Equivalent to metaphysics on Earth. The part of human thought that addresses questions so fundamental that they must be settled before one can even begin to do productive work in theorics. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Metekoranes A theor of ancient times who was buried under volcanic ash in the eruption that destroyed Orithena. According to some traditions, the founder (probably unwittingly) of the Old Lineage. See Lineage, Old. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Millenarian An avout sworn not to emerge from the math or to have contact with the outside world until the next Millennial Apert. Informally, "Thousander." ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Mobe A wheeled passenger vehicle used extramuros. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Muncoster, Saunt (1) A theor of the late Praxic Age, responsible for crucial advances in what is called, on Earth, general relativity. (2) One of the Big Three concents. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Mynster At many concents, the large centrally located building that houses the clock and that serves as the venue for auts and other gatherings of the entire population. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Mystagogue One who is fond of mysterious thinking and obfuscatory cant. In the Old Mathic Age, an all too powerful faction during the centuries leading to the Rebirth. Since then, a pejorative term. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Newmatter A form of matter whose atomic nuclei were artificially synthesized and which therefore has physical properties not found in naturally occurring elements or their compounds. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	One-off Informal term for a Unarian (see). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Pa An informal term of respect by which a fid might address a more senior fraa. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Panjandrum Fraa Orolo's pejorative term for a high-ranking official of the Saecular Power. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Penance Tedious or unpleasant chore assigned as punishment by the Warden Regulant to avout who have violated the Discipline. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Perelithian Liaison See Liaison, Perelithian. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Periklyne An open area in the ancient city-state of Ethras, home to the market, where Golden Age theors were wont to congregate and engage one another in Dialog. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Plane Used as a verb, utterly to destroy an opponent's position in the course of a Dialog. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Plenary In a Convox, an event in which all attendees come together in the same room at the same time for some purpose. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Polycosm Two or more universes (cosmi), especially when considered as a system that includes the possibility of interactions between cosmi. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Praxic An applied scientist, an engineer. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Praxis Technology. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Presidium In Mathic architecture, the tallest structure in a concent, typically the clock tower. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Primate The highest-ranking hierarch in a math or concent. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Procian Of, or relating to, Saunt Proc or any of the Orders that claim descent from the Syntactic Faculties. Frequently seen as natural opponents of Halikaarnians. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Protan Of or relating to the ancient Ethran philosopher Protas. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Protism The philosophy of Protas. More specifically, the notion that theors perceive pure ideas from another realm of existence known as the Hylaean Theoric World. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Provener The most commonly observed aut of the mathic world, typically celebrated every day at noon, and linked to the winding of a clock. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Rake See Diax's Rake. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Rambalf A concent. One of the Three Inviolates. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Reconstitution The state of affairs that came into being following the Terrible Events, whereby almost all learned and literate persons were concentrated together in maths and concents. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Regred The aut by which a senior avout withdraws from active service and goes into retirement. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Regulant See Warden Regulant. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Requiem The aut celebrated to mark the death of an avout. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Ret See Reticulum. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Reticule A network; two or more syntactic devices that are able to communicate with one another. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Reticulum The largest reticulum, joining together the preponderance of all reticules in the world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Rhetor A legendary figure, associated in folklore with Procian orders, said to have the power of altering the past by manipulating memories and other physical records. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Ringing Vale A mountain valley that gave its name to a math founded there in 17 A.R., specializing in study and developments of martial arts and related topics. See Vale-Lore. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Saecular Of or pertaining to the non-mathic world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Saecular Power Whatever entity currently wields power in the non-mathic world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Samblites A religious sect tracing its origin back to Saunt Bly, and centered on Bly's Butte, not far from the Concent of Saunt Edhar. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Sarthian Steppe-dwelling horse archers of ancient times, held responsible for the Fall and Sack of Baz, which ended the Bazian Empire and inaugurated the Old Mathic Age. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Saunt A title bestowed on great thinkers. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Sea of Seas A relatively small but complex body of salt water, connected to Arbre's great oceans in three places by straits, generally viewed as the cradle of classical civilization. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Seculum The Saecular world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Sequence The genetic code of a living organism. In various usages, equivalent to gene, genetic, or DNA on Earth. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Servitor At Concents that observe the mealtime tradition of the Messal, a junior avout who is assigned to wait on a doyn. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Sline An extramuros person with no special education, skills, aspirations, or hope of acquiring same, generally construed as belonging to the lowest social class. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Starhenge In Earth terms, an observatory, esp. one with multiple telescopes. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Steelyard See Gardan's Steelyard. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Suur A female avout. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Suvin A school. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Syndev Contraction of Syntactic Device. A computer. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Syntactic Device In Earth terms, a computer. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Tenner Informal term for Decenarian (see). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Terrible Events A poorly documented worldwide catastrophe thought to have begun in the year-5. Whatever it was, it terminated the Praxic Age and led immediately to the Reconstitution. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Thelenes A great theor of the Golden Age of Ethras, protagonist of many Dialogs, mentor to Protas. Executed by the Ethran authorities for irreligious, or at least disrespectful, teachings. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Theor Any practitioner of theorics, which see. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Theorician Nearly equivalent to theor, but with slightly different connotations. "theorician" tends to be used of one who is devoted to highly specific, detailed, technical work, e.g., carrying out elaborate computations. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Thousander Informal term for a Millenarian (see). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Throw Back An informal term meaning to subject an avout to the aut of Anathem. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Throwback An ex-avout who was Anathematized. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Tredegarh One of the Big Three concents, named after Lord Tredegarh, a mid-to-late Praxic Age theor responsible for fundamental advances in thermodynamics. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Triangle Ark Alternate term for the Kelx faith or one of its arks. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Unarian An avout sworn not to emerge from the math or to have contact with the outside world until the next Annual Apert. Informally, "One-off." ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Upsight A sudden, usually unlooked-for moment of clear understanding. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Uraloabus Prominent Sphenic theor of the Golden Age of Ethras who, if the account of Protas is to be credited, committed suicide after being planed by Thelenes. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Uthentine A suur at Saunt Baritoe's in the Fourteenth Century A.R. who, along with Erasmas, founded the branch of metatheorics called Complex Protism. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Vale-lore Martial arts. Associated with the Ringing Vale (see). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Valer An avout of the Ringing Vale; one who has, therefore, devoted his or her entire life to the martial arts. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Vlor An informal contraction of Vale-lore (see). ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Voco A rarely celebrated aut by which the Saecular Power Evokes (calls forth from the math) an avout whose talents are needed in the Saecular world. Except in very unusual cases, the one Evoked never returns to the mathic world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Vout An avout. Derogatory term used extramuros. Associated with Seculars who subscribe to iconographies that paint the avout in an extremely negative way. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
anathem-glossary	creative	general	0	Warden of Heaven During the years leading up to the time in which Anathem is set, a popular religious leader who obtained Saecular power by claiming to embody the wisdom of the mathic world. ~ From the glossary of 'Anathem' by Neal Stephenson
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	A lot of professionals are crackpots.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	A positive attitude means all the difference in the world.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	A sense of timing is the mark of a genius.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Alienation produces eccentrics or revolutionary.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	An elite is inevitable.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	At times inactivity is preferable to mindless functioning.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	BY YOUR RESPONSE TO DANGER IT IS EASY TO TELL HOW YOU HAVE LIVED AND WHAT HAS BEEN DONE TO YOU. YOU SHOW WHETHER YOU WANT TO STAY ALIVE, WHETHER YOU THINK YOU DESERVE TO, AND WHETHER YOU BELIEVE IT'S ANY GOOD TO ACT.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Being alone with yourself is increasingly unpopular.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Being happy is more important than anything else.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Boredom makes you do crazy things.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Deviants are sacrificed to increase group solidarity.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Enjoy yourself because you can't change anything anyway.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Expressing anger is necessary.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	FEW CAN IGNORE A BABY'S CRIES, EVEN IF THE RESPONSE IS IRRITATION. THIS IS ONE OF THE BUILT IN SAFEGUARDS THAT IS SUPPOSED TO GUARANTEE THE SURVIVAL OF THE RACE.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Faithfulness is a social not a biological law.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Fear is the greatest incapacitator.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Go where people sleep and see if they are safe
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Going with the flow is soothing but risky.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	HOW CONCISE THAT YOU CAN CRY FROM AWFUL WOUNDS, DESERTION, HAPPINESS, MEMORIES, HUMILIATION, DISAPPOINTMENT OR GRANDEUR.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	HOW DO YOU FIND THE RIGHT POSITION TO LIE DOWN WITH PEOPLE OR EVEN ANIMALS? OFTEN ONE OF THE PARTNERS IS SMOTHERED OR CONTORTED. WHEN DONE PROPERLY, THOUGH, EVERYONE IS HAPPY.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Hands on your breast can keep your heart beating.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	How do you resign yourself to something that will never be? You stop wanting just that thing. You go numb. Or you kill the agent of desire.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	I KNOW WHO YOU ARE AND IT DOES ME NO GOOD AT ALL
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	I SAW THEIR STUNNING BODIES GO SLACK AND GET HAIR IN THE WRONG PLACES AND I VOWED I WOULD NOT PERMIT THAT TO HAPPEN TO ME.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	I try to excite myself so I stay crazy.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	IF THE HOUSE IS BITTER COLD, ALL THE FLUIDS THEREIN, IF NOT FROZEN, ARE STIFF AND SLOW.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	IT CAN BE HELPFUL TO THINK OF THEM EATING YOUR FAVORITE FOODS AND OCCASIONALLY THROWING UP AND GETTING BITS STUCK IN THEIR NOSES.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	IT CAN BE STARTLING TO SEE SOMEONES BREATH, LET ALONE THE BREATHING OF A CROWD. YOU USUALLY DONT BELIEVE THAT PEOPLE EXTEND THAT FAR.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	IT IS IN YOUR SELF-INTEREST / TO FIND A WAY / TO BE VERY TENDER
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	IT'S AN EXTRAORDINARY FEELING WHEN PART OF YOUR BODY ARE TOUCHED FOR THE FIRST TIME. I'M THINKING OF THE SENSATIONS FROM SEX AND SURGERY.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	IT'S NICE WHEN YOU DECIDE TO LIKE SOMEONE AND, WITHOUT DECLARING YOURSELF, DO WHAT'S POSSIBLE TO FURTHER HIS HAPPINESS. THIS CAN TAKE THE FORM OF GIFTS, LOVELY FOOD, PUBLICITY, OR ADVANCED WARNING.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	IT'S NO FUN WATCHING PEOPLE WOUND THEMSELVES SO THAT THEY CAN HOLE UP, NURSE THEMSELVES BACK TO HEALTH, AND REPEAT THE CYCLE. THEY DON'T KNOW WHAT ELSE TO DO.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Ideals are replaced by conventional goals at a certain age.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	If you behaved nicely, the communists wouldn't exist.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	In a dream you saw a way to survive and you were full of joy.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Knowing yourself lets you understand others.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	MORE THAN ONCE I'VE AWAKENED WITH TEARS RUNNING DOWN MY CHEEKS. I HAVE HAD TO THINK WHETHER I WAS CRYING OR WHETHER IT IS INVOLUNTARY, LIKE DROOLING.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	OBVIOUSLY YOU STRIKE OUT AGAINST PEOPLE WITHIN RANGE. IT'S CATHARTIC TO AFFECT SOMEONE WHEN YOU'RE ANGRY. ALTERNATIVELY, CHOOSE ENEMIES IMPOSSIBLY FAR AWAY SO YOU NEVER HAVE TO FIGHT.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Raise boys and girls the same way.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	SOME DAYS YOU WAKE AND IMMEDIATELY START TO WORRY. NOTHING IN PARTICULAR IS WRONG, ITS JUST THE SUSPICION THAT FORCES ARE ALIGNING QUIETLY AND THERE WILL BE TROUBLE.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	SOME PEOPLE LIKE TO NIBBLE ON THE INSIDES OF THEIR OWN CHEEKS. IV'E SEEN AN OTHERWISE LOVELY GIRL CONTORT HER FACE TO REACH A FAVORITE SPOT. THERE ARE BIT LINES WHERE REPEATED NIPS HAVE BUILT RIDGES OF SCAR TISSUE.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	SPIT ALL OVER SOMEONE WITH A MOUTHFUL OF MILK IF YOU WANT TO FIND OUT SOMETHING ABOUT THEIR PERSONALITY FAST.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Savor kindness because cruelty is always possible later.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	She has no taste left to her and this makes it easier for me. The color of her where she is inside is enough to make me kill her.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Someone else's body is a place for your mind to go.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	THE FOND OLD COUPLE WAS DISAPPEARING TOGETHER THROUGH SUCCESSIVE AMPUTATIONS.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	THE IMPULSE IS TO SQUEEZE AND FONDLE BABY WILD ANIMALS BUT THEN THEY'D BE BROKEN AND WHAT GOOD WOULD THEY BE?
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	THERE IS A PERIOD WHEN IT IS CLEAR THAT YOU HAVE GONE WRONG BUT YOU CONTINUE. SOMETIMES THERE IS A LUXURIOUS AMOUNT OF TIME BEFORE ANYTHING BAD HAPPENS.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	THERE'S NO REASON TO SLEEP CURLED UP AND BENT. IT'S NOT COMFORTABLE, IT'S NOT GOOD FOR YOU, AND IT DOESN'T PROTECT YOU FROM DANGER. IF YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT AN ATTACK YOU SHOULD STAY AWAKE OR SLEEP LIGHTLY WITH LIMBS UNFURLED FOR ACTION.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	Turn soft and lovely anytime you have the chance.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	WHAT A SHOCK WHEN THEY TELL YOU IT WON'T HURT AND YOU ALMOST TURN INSIDE OUT WHEN THEY BEGIN.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	WHEN YOU'RE TRYING SOMETHING NEW, YOU'RE TORN BETWEEN ANTICIPATING A DELIGHTFUL SURPRISE AND THINKING YOU'RE A FOOL TO IGNORE WHAT YOU KNOW YOU LIKE.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	WITH BLEEDING INSIDE THE HEAD THERE IS A METALLIC TASTE AT THE BACK OF THE THROAT.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	When you start liking pain things start to get interesting.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	With all the holes in you already there's no reason to define the outside environment as alien.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	With you inside me comes the knowledge of my death.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	YOU SHOULD LIMIT THE NUMBER OF TIMES YOU ACT AGAINST YOUR NATURE, LIKE SLEEPING WITH PEOPLE YOU HATE. ITS INTERESTING TO TEST YOUR CAPABILITIES FOR A WHILE BUT TOO MUCH WILL CAUSE DAMAGE.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	You are a victim of the rules you live by.
Jenny_Holzer	creative	general	0	You confuse me with something that is in you. I will not predict how you want to use me.
critics	creative	general	0	A house is no home unless it contain food and fire for the mind as well as for the body.
critics	creative	general	0	A major part of love is commitment. If we are committed to someone, if I'm committed to loving you, then it's not possible for me to 'fall out of love.' ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	After each war there is a little less democracy to save.
critics	creative	general	0	All over the world, young males and females, schooled in the art of patriarchal thinking, are building an identity on a foundation that sees the will to do violence as the essential way to assert being. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	All the men I fall for seem to have a commitment problem. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	An often-repeated assertion in the body of film criticism I have written is the assertion that movies do not just mirror the culture of any given time; they also create it. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Any society based on domination supports and condones violence. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Art can only be truly art by presenting an adequate outward symbol of some fact in the interior life.
critics	creative	general	0	Be what you would seem to be - or, if you'd like it put more simply - a house is no home unless it contains food and fire for the mind as well as the body.
critics	creative	general	0	Being a Jew, one learns to believe in the reality of cruelty and one learns to recognize indifference to human suffering as a fact. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	Beware of over-great pleasure in being popular or even beloved.
critics	creative	general	0	Blacks who lack a proper killing rage are merely victims. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	But love is really more of an interactive process. It's about what we do not just what we feel. It's a verb, not a noun. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Certainly we can end racism with love. We can demand that the federal government change its emphasis on racial distinction. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Childbearing is glorified in part because women die from it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	Class is more than money. Class is also about knowledge. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Death is with you all the time; you get deeper in it as you move towards it, but it's not unfamiliar to you. It's always been there, so what becomes unfamiliar to you when you pass away from the moment is really life. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Don't be condescending to unskilled labor. Try it for a half a day first.
critics	creative	general	0	Drop the last year into the silent limbo of the past. Let it go, for it was imperfect, and thank God that it can go.
critics	creative	general	0	Drudgery is as necessary to call out the treasures of the mind, as harrowing and planting those of the earth.
critics	creative	general	0	Essays, entitled critical, are epistles addressed to the public, through which the mind of the recluse relieves itself of its impressions.
critics	creative	general	0	Every terrorist regime in the world uses isolation to break people's spirits. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Feminism is hated because women are hated. Anti-feminism is a direct expression of misogyny; it is the political defense of women hating. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	For me, forgiveness and compassion are always linked: how do we hold people accountable for wrongdoing and yet at the same time remain in touch with their humanity enough to believe in their capacity to be transformed? ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	For precocity some great price is always demanded sooner or later in life.
critics	creative	general	0	Genocide begins, however improbably, in the conviction that classes of biological distinction indisputably sanction social and political discrimination. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	Good plays drive bad playgoers crazy.
critics	creative	general	0	I am suffocated and lost when I have not the bright feeling of progression.
critics	creative	general	0	I began writing a book on love because I felt that the United States is moving away from love. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I can be standing in Barneys with my coat and purse and my selections, and some white woman will say, 'Can you get this in my size?' What she sees is a black woman, and her service button goes off. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I don't think you can hate anything that you know intimately. There is no fine line separating love from hate because there's a deep chasm separating love from hate. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I feel like there is always something trying to pull us back into sleep, that there is this sort of seductive quality in all the hedonistic pleasures that pull on us. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I feel that my environment reflects my belief in the grace and art and elegance of living simply. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I get so tired of people acting like, you know, black men and women never help each other, never support each other. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I have always been a flirt. My mother says whe I was a child, I used to stand outside the house and just smile at everyone who walked by. Like, 'Please take me with you!' ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I have been thinking about the notion of perfect love as being without fear, and what that means for us in a world that's becoming increasingly xenophobic, tortured by fundamentalism and nationalism. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I have created a life style that supports contemplation, service to words. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I love my family, even as I critique their dysfunctionalities. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I now know all the people worth knowing in America, and I find no intellect comparable to my own.
critics	creative	general	0	I think Black people need to take self-esteem seriously. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I think I was always obsessed with esthetics. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I think life experiences are different for people who know what they want as children. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I think the Women's movement has had a major impact on everybody's lives in our nation and in the world as a whole. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I think the number one thing Black women and all Black people should be paying attention to is our health. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I thought about how we need to make children feel that there are times in their lives when they need to be alone and quiet and to be able to accept their aloneness. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I told my parents when I was 12 I'd be a writer. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I will not have my life narrowed down. I will not bow down to somebody else's whim or to someone else's ignorance. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I'm so disturbed when my women students behave as though they can only read women, or black students behave as though they can only read blacks, or white students behave as though they can only identify with a white writer. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I'm such a girl for the living room. I really like to stay in my nest and not move. I travel in my mind, and that that's a rigorous state of journeying for me. My body isn't that interested in moving from place to place. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	I've written 18 books, mostly dealing with issues of social justice, ending racism, feminism, and cultural criticism. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	If we give our children sound self-love, they will be able to deal with whatever life puts before them. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
critics	creative	general	0	In every age 'the good old days' were a myth. No one ever thought they were good at the time. For every age has consisted of crises that seemed intolerable to the people who lived through them.
critics	creative	general	0	In general, the mass media tell us that black people are not loving, that our lives are so fraught with violence and aggression that we have no time to love. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	In this culture, the phrase 'black woman' is not synonymous with 'tender,' or 'gentle.' It's as if those words couldn't possibly speak to the reality of black females. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	It is a vulgar error that love, a love, to woman is her whole existence; she is born for Truth and Love in their universal energy.
critics	creative	general	0	It is astonishing what force, purity, and wisdom it requires for a human being to keep clear of falsehoods.
critics	creative	general	0	It really fascinates me what white people are allowed to write about. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	It seems not to have been written. It is the quintessence of life. It is the basic truth.
critics	creative	general	0	It seems that it is madder never to abandon one's self than often to be infatuated; better to be wounded, a captive and a slave, than always to walk in armor.
critics	creative	general	0	It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge.
critics	creative	general	0	It's in the act of having to do things that you don't want to that you learn something about moving past the self. Past the ego. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Life-transforming ideas have always come to me through books. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Live simply so that others may simply live. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Male and female represent the two sides of the great radical dualism. But in fact they are perpetually passing into one another. Fluid hardens to solid, solid rushes to fluid. There is no wholly masculine man, no purely feminine woman.
critics	creative	general	0	Male supremacy is fused into the language, so that every sentence both heralds and affirms it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	Man tells his aspiration in his God; but in his demon he shows his depth of experience.
critics	creative	general	0	Many spiritual teachers - in Buddhism, in Islam - have talked about first-hand experience of the world as an important part of the path to wisdom, to enlightenment. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Men are distinguished from women by their commitment to do violence rather than to be victimized by it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	Men for the sake of getting a living forget to live.
critics	creative	general	0	Men have defined the parameters of every subject. All feminist arguments, however radical in intent or consequence, are with or against assertions or premises implicit in the male system, which is made credible or authentic by the power of men to name. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	Men know everything - all of them - all the time - no matter how stupid or inexperienced or arrogant or ignorant they are. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	Men who want to support women in our struggle for freedom and justice should understand that it is not terrifically important to us that they learn to cry; it is important to us that they stop the crimes of violence against us. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	Money speaks, but it speaks with a male voice. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	My idea of a delicious time is to read a book that is wonderful. But the ruling passion of my life is being a seeker after truth and the divine. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Nature provides exceptions to every rule.
critics	creative	general	0	No other group in America has so had their identity socialized out of existence as have black women... When black people are talked about the focus tends to be on black men; and when women are talked about the focus tends to be on white women. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	No woman needs intercourse; few women escape it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	Once you do away with the idea of people as fixed, static entities, then you see that people can change, and there is hope. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Only the dreamer shall understand realities, though in truth his dreaming must be not out of proportion to his waking.
critics	creative	general	0	Only when manhood is dead - and it will perish when ravaged femininity no longer sustains it - only then will we know what it is to be free. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	People everywhere enjoy believing things that they know are not true. It spares them the ordeal of thinking for themselves and taking responsibility for what they know.
critics	creative	general	0	Since anti-racist individuals did not control mass media, the media became the primary tool that would be used and is still used to convince black viewers, and everyone else, of black inferiority. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Since loving is about knowing, we have more meaningful love relationships when we know each other and it takes time to know each other. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Some people act as though art that is for a mass audience is not good art, and I think this has been a very negative thing. I know that I have wanted very much to write books that are accessible to the widest audience possible. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	The character and history of each child may be a new and poetic experience to the parent, if he will let it.
critics	creative	general	0	The common erotic project of destroying women makes it possible for men to unite into a brotherhood; this project is the only firm and trustworthy groundwork for cooperation among males and all male bonding is based on it. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	The especial genius of women I believe to be electrical in movement, intuitive in function, spiritual in tendency.
critics	creative	general	0	The ethic of liberal individualism has so deeply permeated the psyches of blacks... of all classes that we have little support for a political ethic of communalism that promotes the sharing of resources. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	The genius of any slave system is found in the dynamics which isolate slaves from each other, obscure the reality of a common condition, and make united rebellion against the oppressor inconceivable. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	The greatest movement for social justice our country has ever known is the civil rights movement and it was totally rooted in a love ethic. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	The institutionalization of Black Studies, Feminist Studies, all of these things, led to a sense that the struggle was over for a lot of people and that one did not have to continue the personal consciousness-raising and changing of one's viewpoint. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	The most fatal illusion is the narrow point of view. Since life is growth and motion, a fixed point of view kills anybody who has one.
critics	creative	general	0	The people I love, I'm committed to loving for the rest of my life. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	The political core of any movement for freedom in the society has to have the political imperative to protect free speech. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	The use of criticism, in periodical writing, is to sift, not to stamp a work.
critics	creative	general	0	The working-class black Southern Christian culture I come from still nurtures me, and I mean directly, daily. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	There is a lushness to how my mind works. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	There is no joy so great as that of reporting that a good play has come to town.
critics	creative	general	0	These days I wonder more and more why people are pessimistic when American history actually supports optimism. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	To live fixated on the future is to engage in psychological denial. It is a form of psychic violence that prepares us to accept the violence needed to ensure the maintenance of imperialist, future-oriented society. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.
critics	creative	general	0	Two persons love in one another the future good which they aid one another to unfold.
critics	creative	general	0	Undernourished, intelligence becomes like the bloated belly of a starving child: swollen, filled with nothing the body can use. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	Until the legacy of remembered and reenacted trauma is taken seriously, black America cannot heal. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Using pseudonyms was such a part of the early feminist movement. We didn't want to have this star system. We wanted attention on the ideas, not the persona of the writer. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Very early, I knew that the only object in life was to grow.
critics	creative	general	0	We judge on the basis of what somebody looks like, skin color, whether we think they're beautiful or not. That space on the Internet allows you to converse with somebody with none of those things involved. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	We need to hear the excuses men make to themselves for their worthlessness.
critics	creative	general	0	What had begun as a movement to free all black people from racist oppression became a movement with its primary goal the establishment of black male patriarchy. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	What's really sad is that so many young women between the ages of 16 and 25 are ignorant and they already believe that women get the same pay as men. They don't even really understand that equality hasn't happened with the pay force. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	When we drop fear, we can draw nearer to people, we can draw nearer to the earth, we can draw nearer to all the heavenly creatures that surround us. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Whenever women struggle with breast cancer and face better care than ever, that's feminism. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	While gossip among women is universally ridiculed as low and trivial, gossip among men, especially if it is about women, is called theory, or idea, or fact. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	Why is it that many contemporary male thinkers, especially men of color, repudiate the imperialist legacy of Columbus but affirm dimensions of that legacy by their refusal to repudiate patriarchy? ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	Women have been taught that, for us, the earth is flat, and that if we venture out, we will fall off the edge. Some of us have ventured out nevertheless, and so far we have not fallen off. It is my faith, my feminist faith, that we will not. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	Women's fashion' is a euphemism for fashion created by men for women. ~ Andrea Dworkin
critics	creative	general	0	Would that the simple maxim, that honesty is the best policy, might be laid to heart; that a sense of the true aim of life might elevate the tone of politics and trade till public and private honor become identical.
critics	creative	general	0	Yesterday I was thinking about the whole idea of genius and creative people, and the notion that if you create some magical art, somehow that exempts you from having to pay attention to the small things. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	You can only realize change if you live simply. Once people want enormous excess, you can hardly do social change. ~ bell hooks
critics	creative	general	0	You think intercourse is a private act; it's not, it's a social act. Men are sexually predatory in life; and women are sexually manipulative. When two individuals come together and leave their gender outside the bedroom door, then they make love. ~ Andrea Dworkin
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	A bad arrangement is better than a process.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	A day came a man consult this philosopher for to know at o'clock it was owe to eat. If thou art rich, told him eat when you shall wish; if you are poor, when you may do.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	A duchess accused of magic being interrogated for a commissary extremely unhandsome, this was beg him selve one she had look the devil. "Yes, sir, I did see him, was answer the duchess, and he was like you as two water's drops."
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	A horse baared don't look him the tooth.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	A throat's ill.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	After the paunch comes the dance.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	All trees have very deal bear.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Apply you at the study during that you are young.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	At some thing the misforte is good.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	At what o'clock dine him?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	At what purpose have say so?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Burn the politeness.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Cat scalded fear the cold water.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Do not might one's understand to speak.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Do you know they to?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Do you know they?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Dont you are awaken yet?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Dress my horse.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Dress your hairs.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Dry this wine.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Few, few the bird make her nest.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Friendship of a child is water into a basket.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Give me some good milk newly get out.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Go to send for.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Have you forgeted me?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Have you say that?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Have you understand that he says?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Have you understand they?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Have you understanded?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He burns one's self the brains.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He do the devil at four.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He do want to fall.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He does me some kicks.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He eat untill to can't more.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He has a good beak.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He has fond the knuckle of the business.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He has me take out my hairs.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He has scratch the face with hers nails.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He has spit in my coat.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He has the word for to laugh.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He is beggar as a church rat.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He is not so devil as he is black.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He is not valuable to breat that he eat.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He is valuable his weight's gold.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He laughs at my nose, he jest by me.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He make to weep the room.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He sin in trouble water.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He turns as a weath turcocl.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He was fighted in duel.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	He was wanting to be killed.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Help-to a little most the better yours terms.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	How do you can it to deny?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	I am catched cold in the brain.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	I am catched cold.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	I am confused all yours civilities.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	I am pinking me with a pin.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	I dead myself in envy to see her.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	I have croped the candle.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	I have mind to vomit.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	I have put my stockings outward.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	I not make what to coughand spit.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	I shall not tell you than two woods.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	I take a broth all morning.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	I will not to sleep on street.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	If can't to please at every one's.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	In the country of blinds, the one eyed men are kings.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	It is a noise which to cleave the head.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	It is better be single as a bad company.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	It must never to laugh of the unhappies.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	It want to beat the iron during it is hot.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Its are some blu stories.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Keep the chestnut of the fire with the cat foot.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Lay him hir apron.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Let him have know?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Never I have feeld a such heat
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	No budge you there.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Nothing some money, nothing of Swiss.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Of the hand to mouth, one lose often the soup.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	One eyed was laied against a man which had good eyes that he saw better than him. The party was accepted. "I had gain, over said the one eyed; why I see you two eyes, and you not look me who one."
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	One's can to believe you?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	One's find-modest the young men rarely.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Put your confidence at my.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	She do not that to talk and to cackle.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Since you not go out, I shall go out nor I neither.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Sing an area.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	So many go the jar to spring, than at last rest there.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	So much go the jar to spring that at last it break there.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Take attention to cut you self.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Take care to dirt you self.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Take out the live coals with the hand of the cat.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Take that boy and whip him to much.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Take the occasion for the hairs.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Tell me whom thou frequent, I will tell you which you are.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Tell me, it can one to know?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	That are the dishes whose you must be and to abstain.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	That is that I have think.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	That may dead if I lie you.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	That should must me to cost my life.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	The ears are too length.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	The hands itch at him.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	The necessity don't know the low.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	The pains come at horse and turn one's self at foot.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	The paving stone is sliphery.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	The rose-trees begins to button.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	The stone as roll not heap up not foam.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	The storm is go over.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	The sun begins to dissipe it.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	The thunderbolt is falling down.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	There is not any rnler without a exception.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	There is not better sauce who the appetite.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	These apricots and these peaches make me and to come water in mouth.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	They fight one's selfs together.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	They shurt him the doar in face.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	This girl have a beauty edge.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	This ink is white.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	This meat ist not too over do.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	This room is filled of bugs.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	This wood is fill of thief's.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Till hither.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Till say-us?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	To be as a fish into the water.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	To build castles in Espagnish.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	To buy cat in pocket.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	To come back at their muttons.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	To craunch the marmoset.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	To do a wink to some body.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	To do the fine spirit.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	To fatten the foot.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	To force to forge, becomes smith.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	To look for a needle in a hay bundle.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	To make paps for the cats.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	To morrow hi shall be entirely (her master) or unoccupied.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Upon my live.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Wax my shoes.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	We are in the canicule.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	What is it who want you?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Where are their stockings, their shoes, her shirt and her petlicot?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Which like Bertram, love hir dog.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Why you no helps me to?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Will some mutton?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Will you a bon?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Will you fat or slight?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Will you this?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	Witch prefer you?
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	With a tongue one go to Roma.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	You come too rare.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	You interompt me.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	You make grins.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	You mistake you self heavily.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	You not make that to prate all day's work.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	You not make who to babble.
EnglishAsSheIsSpoke	creative	general	0	You shall catch cold one's.
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	1. Scribbled secret notebooks, and wild typewritten pages, for yr own joy ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	10. No time for poetry but exactly what is ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	11. Visionary tics shivering in the chest ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	12. In tranced fixation dreaming upon object before you ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	13. Remove literary, grammatical and syntactical inhibition ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	14. Like Proust be an old teahead of time ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	15. Telling the true story of the world in interior monolog ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	16. The jewel center of interest is the eye within the eye ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	17. Write in recollection and amazement for yourself ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	18. Work from pithy middle eye out, swimming in language sea ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	19. Accept loss forever ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	2. Submissive to everything, open, listening ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	20. Believe in the holy contour of life ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	21. Struggle to sketch the flow that already exists intact in mind ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	22. Dont think of words when you stop but to see picture better ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	23. Keep track of every day the date emblazoned in yr morning ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	24. No fear or shame in the dignity of yr experience, language & knowledge ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	25. Write for the world to read and see yr exact pictures of it ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	26. Bookmovie is the movie in words, the visual American form ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	27. In praise of Character in the Bleak inhuman Loneliness ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	28. Composing wild, undisciplined, pure, coming in from under, crazier the better ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	29. You're a Genius all the time ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	3. Try never get drunk outside yr own house ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	30. Writer-Director of Earthly movies Sponsored & Angeled in Heaven ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	4. Be in love with yr life ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	5. Something that you feel will find its own form ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	6. Be crazy dumbsaint of the mind ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	7. Blow as deep as you want to blow ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	8. Write what you want bottomless from bottom of the mind ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
Kerouac-Modern-Prose	wisdom	general	0	9. The unspeakable visions of the individual ~ Jack Kerouc's Belief & Technique for Modern Prose
racter	creative	general	0	A hot and torrid bloom Which fans wise flames And begs to be redeemed by forces black and strong Will now oppose my naked will And force me into regions of despair ~ Racter (The Policeman's Beard is Half Constructed)
racter	creative	general	0	Blissful quiet, the rocking of a recent love Is both repose and anguish in my fainting dreams ~ Racter (The Policeman's Beard is Half Constructed)
racter	creative	general	0	Blue potatoes are ungainly things As are red and purple lamb chops Yet when we eat and creep and fall We never ask a silent question ~ Racter (The Policeman's Beard is Half Constructed)
racter	creative	general	0	More than iron More than lead More than gold I need electricity I need it more than I need lamb or pork or lettuce or cucumber I need it for my dreams ~ Racter (The Policeman's Beard is Half Constructed)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	As far as I'm aware I'm not specifically banned anywhere in the USA, and am rather depressed about it. Surely some of you guys can do *something?* -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.books.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	People whose concept of ancient history is the first series of Star Trek may be treated with patience, because it's usually not their fault they were reduced to getting their education from school. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.books.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I'll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"But ye gotta know *where* ye're just gonna rush in. Ye cannae just rush in *anywhere*. It looks bad, havin' to rush oout again straight awa'." -- Feegle tactics (Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	There will also be the usual welter of 'Good Morning, A Place I've Never Heard of' shows and, a lovely term, a number of drive-by signings. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It gets worse. I have, before now, waited for a pen to perform a macro. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The difference between me and Neil in our attitude to movie projects is that he doesn't believe they're going to happen until he's sitting in his seat eating popcorn, and I don't believe they're going to happen. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I think perhaps the most important problem is that we are trying to understand the fundamental workings of the universe via a language devised for telling one another when the best fruit is. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Every procedure for getting a cat to take a pill works fine -- once. Like the Borg, they learn... -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Personally, I think the best motto for an educational establishment is: 'Or Would You Rather Be a Mule?' -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	A true beanie should have a propellor on the top. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I mean, I wouldn't pay more than a couple of quid to see me, and *I'm* me. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I think that sick people in Ankh-Morpork generally go to a vet. It's generally a better bet. There's more pressure on a vet to get it right. People say "it was god's will" when granny dies, but they get *angry* when they lose a cow. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I have to admit that I drive past Bridgwater quite regularly. And fast. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	What you have here is an example of that well known phenomenon, A Bookshop Assistance Who Knows Buggerall But Won't Admit It (probably some kind of arts graduate). -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Never trust any complicated cocktail that remainds perfectly clear until the last ingredient goes in, and then immediately clouds. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I didn't go to university. Didn't even finish A-levels. But I have sympathy for those who did. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	That seems to point up a significant difference between Europeans and Americans. A European says: "I can't understand this, what's wrong with me?" An American says: "I can't understand this, what's wrong with him?" -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Out of Print" is bookseller speak for "We can't be hedgehogged". -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	AFPer: We've missed you, did you miss us? TP: Yes, but I think I have time to reload. :-) -- Terry returns to a.f.p. after a temporary absence. (Terry Pratchett and an AFPer, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I was thinking of 'duh?' in the sense of 'a sentence containing several words more than three letters long, and possibly requiring general knowledge or a sense of history that extends past last Tuesday, has been used in my presense.' -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Oh, come *on*. Revelation was a mushroom dream that belonged in the Apocrypha. The New Testament is basically about what happened when God got religion. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	'Educational' refers to the process, not the object. Although, come to think of it, some of my teachers could easily have been replaced by a cheeseburger. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I once absend-mindedly ordered Three Mile Island dressing in a restaurant and, with great presence of mind, they brought Thousand Island Dressing and a bottle of chili sauce. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Over the centuries, mankind has tried many ways of combating the forces of evil...prayer, fasting, good works and so on. Up until Doom, no one seemed to have thought about the double-barrel shotgun. Eat leaden death, demon... -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I must confess the the activities of the UK governments for the past couple of years have been watched with frank admiration and amazement by Lord Vetinari. Outright theft as a policy had never occured to him. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I'm referred to, I see, as 'the biggest banker in modern publishing'. Now *there's* a line that needed the celebrated Guardian proof-reading. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I reckon that Stonehege was build by the contemporary equivalent of Microsoft, whereas Avebury was definitely an Apple circle. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Go on, prove me wrong. Destroy the fabric of the universe. See if I care. -- Terry defending his solution to the Monty Hall problem. (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	She wanted a HOLIDAY in Australia, she said, and if I turned it into work she'd hit me -- so I gave in, because I did not want to be beaten about the Bush. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Have a bit more patience with newbies. Of course some of them act dumb -- they're often *students*, for heaven's sake. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Death isn't on line. If he was, there would be a sudden drop in the death rate. Although it'd be interesting to see if he'd post things like: DON'T YOU THINK I SOUND LIKE JAMES EARL JONES? -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The net software here did its meltdown trick again at the weekend (it happens about once every six months -- if only everything was as reliable as WordPerfect 4.2, which only chews up a novel about once every two or three years...) -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	'They can ta'k our live but they can never ta'k our freedom!' Now *there's* a battle cry not designed by a clear thinker... -- Braveheart (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Mort isn't fashionable UK movie material -- there's no parts in it for Hugh or Emma, it's not set it Sheffield, and no one shoves drugs up their bum... -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Too many people want to *have written*. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	DW is based on a slew of old myths, which reach their most 'refined' form in Hindu mythology, which in turn of course derived from the original Star Trek episode 'Planet of Wobbly Rocks where the Security Guard Got Shot'. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Eight years involved with the nuclear industry have taught me that when nothing can possible go wrong and every avenue has been covered, *then* is the time to buy a house on the next continent. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Dickens, as you know, never got round to starting his home page. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	You know what I'd really, really like? What I'd pay MONEY for? A ZX81 with a disc drive. I *understood* the ZX81. It was so easy to interface stuff to it. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Not only did I wipe Lemmings from my hard disc, I overwrote it so's I couldn't get it back. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	To get the walkthrough, you have to take the sponge from Nanny Ogg's pantry and stick it in the ear of the troll with the tutu, then take the lumps and put them in the pouch with the zombie's razor. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	You can't remember the plot of the Dr Who movie because it didn't have one, just a lot of plot holes strung together. It did have a lot of flashing lights, though. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Dream on. British TV Is The Best In The World is on a par with the statement about how British Justice Is The Envy Of The World ("Hey, Miguel, how come *we* can't convict innocent people so quickly and expensively?") -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	You will have to look a long way before you find a bunch of scum-suckers more greedy, humourless and deserving of death than the suits in the music business. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	And before anyone complains about the grammar, I'm so jetlagged that my hands aren't even in the same time zone... -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I always call it 'Tour Flu', because two or three weeks in hot bookshops with hundreds of people usually produces an ailment of some kind. Going on tour is like a box of rare diseases -- you never know what you're going to get. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Let's see, now... in HOGFATHER there are a number of stabbings, someone's killed by a man made of knives, someone's killed by the dark, and someone just been killed by a wardrobe. It's a book about the magic of childhood. You can tell. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	If it wasn't for the fun and money, I really don't know why I'd bother. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	One of the highlights of the first Good Omens tour was Neil and I walking through New York singing Shoehorn with Teeth. Well, we'd had a good breakfast. And you don't get mugged, either. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Somewhere around the place I've got an unfinished short story about Schrodinger's Dog; it was mostly moaning about all the attention the cat was getting. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I do note with interest that old women in my books become young women on the covers... this is discrimination against the chronologically gifted. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Botswana is also the only country in the world with a colour in its flag meant to represent rain (a sort of blue-grey). Not many people know this. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	1) I have never waved a hankie in anger 2) I do not peronally know any Morris dancers 3) But Morris dancing is kind of funny and weird at the same time. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	There are *no* inconsistencies in the Discworld books; ocassionally, however, there are alternate pasts. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	One day I'll be dead and THEN you'll all be sorry. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Any town built by filling a mud hole with sawdust and proudly having a slug as a sort of civic totem is a town, one feels, where Rincewind would feel right at home. -- Terry looks forward to his visit to Seattle, USA. (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Somehow, trying to get Granny Weatherwax and 'panty raid' into the same sentence is beyond me. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I'm sure we can arrange an academic scholarship for Detritus. Troll cheerleaers would be nice: 'Two... four.... er.. many... lots'. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Experience has taught me that you feel better on a flight if you avoid chicken fat in plastic sauce. -- The joys of travelling the world by plane (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I stroll along, talk, I sign books, people buy me drinks, I forget where my hotel is, I get lost and fall into some local body of water... done it hundreds of times. -- Going to a convention is fun! (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I've always thought the Patrician is a party animal. Can you imagine waking up next day and remembering all those witty things you said and did, and then realising that he was listening? -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Take One ticket to New Orleans Take One cab to Bourbon Street Take steps to the counter of the all night frozen dacquiri shop. Take One Large Cupful. -- Terry's recipe for the Ultimate Banana Dacquiri (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	3) I don't sign parts of the body, even if they're still attached.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It's not Brits who think American readers are a bunch of whinging morons with the geo-social understanding of a wire coathanger, it's *American* editors. -- Setting the record straight (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I don't think I've ever been critical of the money Douglas Adams makes, especially since, as has been tactfully pointed out, I myself have had to change banks having filled the first one up. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Oh dear, I'm feeling political today. It's just that it's dawned on me that 'zero tolerance' only seems to mean putting extra police in poor, run-down areas, and not in the Stock Exchange. -- (Terry Pratchett, alt.fan.pratchett)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"But you read a lot of books, I'm thinking. Hard to have faith, ain't it, when you've read too many books?" -- (Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Nac mac Feegle wha hae!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	In Ghat they believe in vampire watermelons, although folklore is silent about *what* they believe about vampire watermelons. Possibly they suck back. -- (Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Perdita thought that not obeying rules was somehow *cool*. Agnes thought that rules like "Don't fall into this huge pit of spikes" were there for a purpose. -- (Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Lancre operated on the feudal system, which was to say, everyone feuded all the time and handed on the fight to their descendants. -- (Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I name you ... Esmeralda Margaret Note Spelling of Lancre!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	There are many rhymes about magpies, but none of them is very reliable because they are not the ones the magpies know themselves. -- (Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Fewer birds could sit more meekly than the Lancre wowhawk, or lappet-faced worrier, a carnivore permanently on the lookout for the vegetarian option. -- (Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "Remember -- that which does not kill us can only make us stronger." - "And that which *does* kill us leaves us *dead*!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Rincewind is one of those people who gets in the way of his own happiness. If it was raining kisses he'd be the only person with an umbrella. -- (Terry Pratchett, CIX Pratchett Conference)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	He was always at a loss when people acted like this. When machines went funny you just oiled them or prodded them or, if nothing else worked, hit them with a hammer. Nomes didn't respond well to this treatment. -- (Terry Pratchett, Diggers)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Nah," he said, eventually. "I've looked at the colours on flowers. They're definitely built-in." -- (Terry Pratchett, Diggers)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"There is nothing that can be in our way, for this is Jekub, that Laughs at Barriers, and says brrm-brrm." -- From the Book Of Nome, Jekub, Chap. 3, v. V (Terry Pratchett, Diggers)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it. -- (Terry Pratchett, Diggers)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "Do you know, humans think the world was made by a sort of big human?" - "Get away?" - "It took a week." - "I expect it had some help, then,' said Dorcas.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	If broomsticks were cars, this one would be a split-window Morris Minor. -- (Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Still, it was a relief to get away from that macabre sight. Gander considered that gnolls didn't look any better inside than out. He hated their guts. -- (Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	They both savoured the strange warm glow of being much more ignorant than ordinary people, who were only ignorant of ordinary things. -- Discworld scientists at work (Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	They may have been ugly. they may have been evil. But when it came to poetry in motion, the Things had all the grace and coordination of a deck-chair. -- Meet the creatures from the Dungeon Dimensions (Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"They say there's dwarf mines under the Ramtops," she said inconsequentially. "My, but them little buggers is in for a surprise." -- Granny reflects on Esk's methods of lighting a fire. (Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	For animals, the entire universe has been neatly divided into things to (a) mate with, (b) eat, (c) run away from, and (d) rocks. -- (Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Old Tom was the single cracked bronze bell in the University bell tower. The clapper dropped out shortly after it was cast, but the bell still tolled out some tremendously sonorous silences every hour. -- (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Rincewind had been told that death was just like going into another room. The difference is, when you shout, "Where's my clean socks?", no-one answers. -- (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"These people were not only cheering, they were throwing flowers and hats. The hats were made of stone, but the thought was there." -- Life among the primitive Discworld tribes (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	While working his way along a wall he came to a huge door, which artistically portrayed a group of prisoners apparently being given a complete medical check-up [footnote: From a distance it did, anyway. Close to, no]. -- Rincewind visits the Tezumen tribe (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "There's a door" - "Where does it go?" - "It stays where it is, I think." -- (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The trouble is that things *never* get better, they just stay the same, only more so. -- (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "So we're surrounded by absolutely nothing. There's a word for it. It's what you get when there's nothing left and everything's been used up." - "Yes. I think it's called the bill." -- (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "What're quantum mechanics?" - "I don't know. People who repair quantums, I suppose." -- (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The librarian was, ex officio, a member of the college council. No-one had been able to find any rule about orang-utans being barred, although they had surreptiously looked very hard for one.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I HOPE WE ARE NOT GOING TO HAVE ANY OF THIS 'FOUL FIEND' BUSINESS AGAIN. -- Death gets summoned by the college council (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"You mean mysterious ancient races of Amazonian princesses who subject all male prisoners to strange and exhausting progenitative rites?" said Eric, his glasses beginning to fog. -- (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The consensus seemed to be that if really large numbers of men were sent to storm the mountain, then enough might survive the rocks to take the citadel. This is essentially the basis of all military thinking. -- (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The sergeant put on the poker face which has been handed down from NCO to NCO ever since one protoamphibian told another, lower ranking protoamphibian to muster a squad of newts and Take That Beach. -- (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "What shall I do?" - "Well, if you see anything crawl out of the sea and try to breathe, you could try telling it not to bother." -- Rincewind and Eric at the Beginning of Time (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Multiple exclamation marks," he went on, shaking his head, "are a sure sign of a diseased mind." -- Something that Terry feels strongly about, because a similar quote also appears in "Reaper Man" (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Supreme Life President of Hell wrote: "What business are we in???" He thought for a bit, and then carefully wrote, underneath: "We are in the damnation business!!!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Eric)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Bingeley bingeley beep!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I AM DEATH, NOT TAXES. *I* TURN UP ONLY ONCE. -- (Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Slab: Jus' say "AarrghaarrghpleeassennononoUGH" -- Detritus' war on drugs (Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	And, while it was regarded as pretty good evidence of criminality to be living in a slum, for some reason owning a whole street of them merely got you invited to the very best social occasions. -- (Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	There were no public health laws in Ankh-Morpork. It would be like installing smoke detectors in Hell. -- (Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Just because someone's a member of an ethnic minority doesn't mean they're not a nasty small-minded little jerk [...]" -- (Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Today Is A Good Day For Someone Else To Die!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Rumour is information distilled so finely that it can filter through anything. It does not need doors and windows -- sometimes it does not need people. It can exist free and wild, running from ear to ear without ever touching lips. -- (Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	In all, I've had seventeen demands for your badge. Some want parts of your body attached. Why did you have to upset everybody?
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It was hard enough to kill a vampire. You could stake them down and turn them into dust and ten years later someone drops a drop of blood in the wrong place and *guess who's back*? They returned more times than raw broccoli. -- (Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Many people, meeting Aziraphale for the first time, formed three impressions: that he was English, that he was intelligent, and that he was gayer than a tree full of monkeys on nitrous oxide. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Kids! Bringing about Armageddon can be dangerous. Do not attempt it in your home. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"You can't second-guess ineffability, I always say." -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	He was currently wondering vaguely who Moey and Chandon were. -- Crowley listens to his favourite rock group (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	He'd been particularly pleased with Manchester. -- Crowley contemplating his achievements (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The only time Crowley had bought petrol was once in 1967, to get the free James Bond bullet-hole-in-the-windscreen transfers, which he rather fancied at the time. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	He wondered reflectively what would happen if you asked a nun where the Gents was. Probably the Pope sent you a sharp note or something. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Humans suffering from a conflict of signals aren't the best people to be holding guns, especially when they've just witnessed a natural childbirth, which definitely looked an un-American way of bringing new citizens into the world. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Of course he was all in favour of Armageddon in *general* terms. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"You see a wile, you thwart. Am I right?" -- Crowley the demon and Aziraphale the angel in conversation (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	On those occasions when the angel managed to get his mind into the twentieth century, it always gravitated to 1950. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	They drove back through the dawn, while the cassette player played J. S. Bach's Mass in B Minor, vocals by F. Mercury. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Art thou a witch, *viva espana*?"
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Shadwell hated all southerners and, by inference, was standing at the North Pole. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	DON'T THINK OF IT AS DYING, said Death. JUST THINK OF IT AS LEAVING EARLY TO AVOID THE RUSH. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Kappamaki, a whaling research ship, was currently researching the question: How many whales can you catch in one week? -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The kraken stirs. And ten billion sushi dinners cry out for vengeance. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"?" he said. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Madame Tracy had even removed most of the Major Arcana from her Tarot card pack, because their appearance tended to upset people. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I DON'T CARE WHAT IT SAYS, said the tall biker in the helmet, I NEVER LAID A FINGER ON HIM. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Voodoo is a very interesting religion for the whole family, even those members of it who are dead. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "ALL YOU CAN HOPE FOR IS THE MERCY OF HELL." - "Yeah?" - "JUST OUR LITTLE JOKE." - "Ngk," said Crowley. -- Crowley in conversation with his superiors (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Thud. Thud. Thud. Splat. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Did any of them kids have some space alien with a face like a friendly turd in a bike basket?" -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	R. P. Tyler was not, however, satisfied simply with being vouchsafed the difference between right and wrong. He felt it his bounden duty to tell the world. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I don't see why it matters what is written. Not when it's about people. It can always be crossed out." -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	In the Beginning It was a nice day. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "You're Hells Angels, then? What chapter are you from?" - REVELATIONS, CHAPTER SIX. -- Death in conversation with a biker (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The lorry blocked the road. And the corrugated iron blocked the road. And a thirty-foot-high pile of fish blocked the road. It was one of the most effectively blocked roads the sergeant had ever seen. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Crowley was in Hell's bad books. Not that Hell has any other kind. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Mr Young hadn't had to quiet a screaming baby for years. He'd never been much good at it to start with. He'd always respected Sir Winston Churchill, and patting small versions of him on the bottom had always seemed ungracious. -- (Terry Pratchett & Neil Gaiman, Good Omens)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"[...] a number of offences of murder by means of a blunt instrument, to whit, a dragon, and many further offences of generalized abetting [...]" -- (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Have another drink, not-Corporal Nobby?" said Sergeant Colon unsteadily. "I do not mind if I do, not-Sgt Colon," said Nobby. -- The joys of working undercover (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"'E's fighting in there!" he stuttered, grabbing the captain's arm. "All by himself?" said the captain. "No, with everyone!" shouted Nobby, hopping from one foot to the other.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	FABRICATI DIEM, PVNC. -- The motto of the Ankh-Morpork City Watch (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Pour encourjay lays ortras." -- (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"This is Lord Mountjoy Quickfang Winterforth IV, the hottest dragon in the city. It could burn your head clean off."
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	A good bookshop is just a genteel Black Hole that knows how to read. -- (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	There was a thoughtful pause in the conversation as the assembled Brethren mentally divided the universe into the deserving and the undeserving, and put themselves on the appropriate side.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	All dwarfs have beards and wear up to twelve layers of clothing. Gender is more or less optional. -- (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	All dwarfs are by nature dutiful, serious, literate, obedient and thoughtful people whose only minor failing is a tendency, after one drink, to rush at enemies screaming "Arrrrrrgh!" and axing their legs off at the knee. -- (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	He nodded to the troll which was employed by the Drum as a splatter [footnote: Like a bouncer, but trolls use more force]. -- Nobby takes Carrot for a drink in The Mended Drum (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It was possibly the most circumspect advance in the history of military manoeuvres, right down at the bottom end of the scale that things like the Charge of the Light Brigade are at the top of.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Lady Ramkin's bosom rose and fell like an empire. -- (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It's a metaphor of human bloody existence, a dragon. And if that wasn't bad enough, it's also a bloody great hot flying thing.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The three rules of the Librarians of Time and Space are: 1) Silence; 2) Books must be returned no later than the date last shown; and 3) Do not interfere with the nature of causality. -- (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	A number of religions in Ankh-Morpork still practiced human sacrifice, except that they didn't really need to practice any more because they had got so good at it. -- (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Thunder rolled. ... It rolled a six. -- (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"The significant owl hoots in the night." -- (Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Real children don't go hoppity-skip unless they are on drugs." -- Susan, the ultimate sensible governess (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Getting an education was a bit like a communicable sexual disease. It made you unsuitable for a lot of jobs and then you had the urge to pass it on. -- (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	She'd become a governess. It was one of the few jobs a known lady could do. And she'd taken to it well. She'd sworn that if she did indeed ever find herself dancing on rooftops with chimney sweeps she'd beat herself to death with her own umbrella. -- (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"ER...HO. HO. HO." -- Death makes a career move (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Biers was where the undead drank. And when Igor the barman was asked for a Bloody Mary, he didn't mix a metaphor. -- (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Did you check the list?" YES. TWICE. ARE YOU SURE THAT'S ENOUGH? -- He's gonna find out... (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"That statement is either so deep it would take a lifetime to fully comprehend every particle of its meaning, or it is a load of absolute tosh. Which is it, I wonder?" -- (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time." -- Bursar 1 - Hex 0 (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	*Glingleglingleglingle.* -- (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	We took pity on him because he'd lost both parents at an early age. I think that, on reflection, we should have wondered a bit more about that.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The truth may be out there, but lies are inside your head. -- (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	+++ Divide By Cucumber Error. Please Reinstall Universe And Reboot +++ -- (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Millennium hand and shrimp." -- (Terry Pratchett, Hogfather)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Rincewind could scream for mercy in nineteen languages, and just scream in another forty-four. -- (Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	After the stampede the artist Three Solid Frogs got to his feet, retrieved his brush from his nostril, pulled his easel out of a tree, and tried to think placid thoughts. -- (Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Just because it's not nice doesn't mean it's not miraculous. -- (Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	++?????++ Out of Cheese Error. Redo From Start. -- (Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Luck is my middle name," said Rincewind, indistinctly. "Mind you, my first name is Bad." -- (Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Natural selection saw to it that professional heroes who at a crucial moment tended to ask themselves questions like "What is my purpose in life?" very quickly lacked both. -- (Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Stercus, stercus, stercus, moriturus sum." -- (Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Emperor had all the qualifications for a corpse except, as it were, the most vital one. -- (Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Many an ancient lord's last words had been, "You can't kill me because I've got magic aaargh." -- Magic armour is not all it's cracked up to be. (Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	[...] Vimes's grin was as funny as the one that moves very fast towards drowning men. And has a fin on top. -- (Terry Pratchett, Jingo)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Taxation, gentlemen, is very much like dairy farming. The task is to extract the maximum amount of milk with the minimum of moo. And I am afraid to say that these days all I get is moo." -- (Terry Pratchett, Jingo)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	She sighed again. She was familiar with the syndrome. They *said* they wanted a soulmate and helpmeet but sooner or later the list would include a skin like silk and a chest fit for a herd of cows. -- (Terry Pratchett, Jingo)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	One of the universal rules of happiness is: always be wary of any helpful item that weighs less than its operating manual. -- (Terry Pratchett, Jingo)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life." -- (Terry Pratchett, Jingo)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"*Veni, vici*...Vetinari." -- (Terry Pratchett, Jingo)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	And there was nothing finer than a wizard dressed up formally, until someone could find a way of inflating a Bird of Paradise, possibly by using an elastic band and some kind of gas. -- (Terry Pratchett, Jingo)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"'Chapter Fifteen, Elementary Necromancy'", she read out loud. "'Lesson One: Correct Use of Shovel...'" -- (Terry Pratchett, Jingo)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"One o'clock pee em! Hello, Insert Name Here!"
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Bigmac wasn't an athlete. If there was an Olympic Sick Note event, he would've won the 100 metres I've Got Asthma, the half marathon Lurk in the Changing Rooms, and the freestyle Got to Go to the Doctor. -- (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Bomb)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	When all else failed, she tried being reasonable. -- (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Bomb)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"You're not allowed to call them dinosaurs anymore." said Yo-less. "It's speciesist. You have to call them pre-petroleum persons." -- (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Bomb)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	There was a new library in the Civic Centre. It was so new it didn't even have librarians. It had Assistant Information Officers. -- (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Dead)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Johnny had seen films of American shopping malls. They must have different sorts of people in America, he'd thought. They all looked cool, all the girls were beautiful, and the place wasn't crowded with little kamikaze grandmothers. -- (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Dead)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"You've got a lot of time for abstract thought when you've got your hand stuck up a dead badger." -- (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Dead)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I believe it's very hard to have fun in Iceland without fish being involved in some way." -- Looking for a good place to party (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Dead)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Sergeant Comely was working on the general assumption that where you got lots of people gathered together, something illegal was bound to happen sooner or later. -- (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Dead)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Mrs. Nugent was the Johnson's next door neighbour, and known to be unreasonable on subjects like Madonna played at full volume at 3 a.m. -- (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Dead)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Why bother with such a big stone arch?" "It's just showing off. There's probably a sticker on the back saying 'My Other Grave Is A Porch'". -- (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Dead)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Granddad was superstitious about books. He thought that if you had enough of them around, education leaked out, like radioactivity. -- (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Dead)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Are you a physicist?" "Me? I don't know anything about science!" "Marvellous! Ideal qualification!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Dead)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Suicide was against the law. Johnny had wondered why. It meant that if you missed, or the gas ran out, or the rope broke, you could get locked up in prison to show you that life was really very jolly and thoroughly worth living. -- (Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Dead)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Librarian looked out at the jolting scenery. He was sulking. This had a lot to do with the new bright collar around his neck with the word "PONGO" on it. Someone was going to suffer for this.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Kneel and deliver!" -- Casanunda, the worlds smallest lover turns highwaydwarf (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I MUST SAY THESE ARE VERY GOOD BISCUITS. HOW DO THEY GET THE BITS OF CHOCOLATE IN? -- Death has a snack (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Nanny Ogg never did any housework herself, but she was the cause of housework in other people. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Verence would rather cut his own leg off than put a witch in prison, since it'd save trouble in the long run and probably be less painful. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I LIKE TO THINK I AM A PICKER-UP OF UNCONSIDERED TRIFLES. Death grinned hopefully. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Mustrum Ridcully did a lot for rare species. For one thing, he kept them rare. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Using a metaphor in front of a man as unimaginative as Ridcully was like a red flag to a bu-- was like putting something very annoying in front of someone who was annoyed by it. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The thing about iron is that you generally don't have to think fast in dealing with it. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Nanny Ogg looked under her bed in case there was a man there. Well, you never knew your luck. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The chieftain had been turned into a pumpkin although, in accordance with the rules of universal humour, he still had his hat on. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	For Magrat, stepping into a man's bedroom was like an explorer stepping on to that part of the map marked Here Be Dragons. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I wants your body, Mrs Ogg." -- Casanunda makes his move (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I know she's in there," said Verence, holding his crown in his hands in the famous Ai-Senor-Mexican-Bandits-Have-Raided-Our-Village position. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	In fact, the mere act of opening the box will determine the state of the cat, although in this case there were three determinate states the cat could be in: these being Alive, Dead, and Bloody Furious.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The shortest unit of time in the multiverse is the New York Second, defined as the period of time between the traffic lights turning green and the cab behind you honking. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Serve 'em right for not inviting me to their weddings." -- Ridcully contemplates the Trousers of Time (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Hah, I can just see a real playsmith putting *donkeys* in a play!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards, especially simian ones. They are not all that subtle." -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Go ahead, bake my quiche" -- Magrat instructs the castle cook (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	In the Beginning there was nothing, which exploded. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Remember, A Dragon is For Life, Not Just for Hogswatchnight -- Motto of The Sunshine Home for Sick Dragons in Morphic Street, Please Leave Donations of Coal by Side Door. (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The place looked as though it had been visited by Gengiz Cohen [footnote: hence the term "wholesale destruction"]. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"This is a lovely party," said the Bursar to a chair, "I wish I was here."
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	No matter what she did with her hair it took about three minutes for it to tangle itself up again, like a garden hosepipe in a shed [Which, no matter how carefully coiled, will always uncoil overnight and tie the lawnmower to the bicycles]. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	He married that Palliard girl, remember? The one with the air-cooled teeth? -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	And the child had a permanently runny nose and ought to be provided with a handkerchief or, failing that, a cork. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Chain-mail isn't much defence against an arrow. It certainly isn't when the arrow is being aimed between your eyes. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It's not enough to be able to pick up a sword. You have to know which end to poke into the enemy. -- (Terry Pratchett, Lords and Ladies)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The person on the other side was a young woman. Very obviously a young woman. There was no possible way that she could have been mistaken for a young man in any language, especially Braille. -- The goddess with the nice earrings (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Ahahahahaha! Ahahahaha! Aahahaha! BEWARE!!!!! Yrs sincerely The Opera Ghost -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Nanny Ogg found herself embarrassed to even think about this, and this was unusual because embarrassment normally came as naturally to Nanny as altruism comes to a cat. -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	People who didn't need people needed people around to know that they were the kind of people who didn't need people. -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	He had a unique stride: it looked as though his body was being dragged forward and his legs had to flail around underneath it, landing wherever they could find room. It wasn't so much a walk as a collapse, indefinitely postponed. -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	She'd even given herself a middle initial - X - which stood for "someone who has a cool and exciting middle name". -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"What sort of person," said Salzella patiently, "sits down and *writes* a maniacal laugh? And all those exclamation marks, you notice? Five? A sure sign of someone who wears his underpants on his head. Opera can do that to a man." -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"...my father is the Emperor of Klatch and my mother is a small tray of raspberry puddings." -- Agnes tells Christine about herself (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Instead, people would take pains to tell her that beauty was only skin-deep, as if a man ever fell for an attractive pair of kidneys. -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	A day ago the future had looked aching and desolate, and now it looked full of surprises and terror and bad things happening to people... If she had anything to do with it anyway.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "There have been...accidents." - "What kind of accidents?" - "The kind of accidents you prefer to call...accidents." -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "But I don't *believe* in reincarnation!" he protested. - SQUEAK. - And this, Mr Pounder understood with absolute rodent clarity, meant: Reincarnation believes in *you*. -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	After you'd known Christine for any length of time, you found yourself fighting a desire to look into her ear to see if you could spot daylight coming the other way. -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	No male had ever touched Agnes before, except perhaps to push her over and steal her sweets. -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The pre-luncheon drinks were going quite well, Mr Bucket thought. Everyone was making polite conversation and absolutely no one had been killed up to the present moment. -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Nanny could get a statue to cry on her shoulder and say what it really thought about pigeons. -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Greebo could, in fact, commit sexual harrassment simply by sitting very quietly in the next room. -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It is the fate of all banisters worth sliding down that there is something nasty waiting at the far end. -- (Terry Pratchett, Maskerade)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	If the Creator had said, "Let there be light" in Ankh-Morpork, he'd have gotten no further because of all the people saying "What colour?" -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	From the back, Vetinari looked like a carnivorous flamingo. -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Cuddy had only been a guard for a few days, but already he had absorbed one important and basic fact: it is almost impossible for anyone to be in a street without breaking the law. -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Battle of Koom Valley is the only one known to history where both sides ambushed each other. -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Carrot was two metres tall but he'd been brought up as a dwarf, and then further up as a human. -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Young Edward thinks that there is no lake of blood too big to wade through to put a rightful king on a throne, no deed too base in defence of a crown. A romantic, in fact."
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Ramkins were more highly bred than a hilltop bakery, whereas Corporal Nobbs had been disqualified from the human race for shoving. -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	He was said to have the body of a twenty-five year old, although no one knew where he kept it.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Pride is all very well, but a sausage is a sausage."
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The river Ankh is probably the only river in the universe on which the investigators can chalk the outline of the corpse. -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Alchemist's Guild is opposite the Gambler's Guild. Usually. Sometimes it's above it, or below it, or falling in bits around it. -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Sham Harga had run a succesful eatery for many years by always smiling, never extending credit, and realizing that most of his customers wanted meals properly balanced between the four food groups: sugar, starch, grease and burnt crunchy bits. -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Patrician relaxed, in a way which only then drew gentle attention to the foregoing moment of tension. -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Sometimes it's better to light a flamethrower than curse the darkness. -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Being a werewolf meant having the dexterity and jaw power to instantly rip out a man's jugular. It was a trick of her father's that had always annoyed her mother, especially when he did it just before meals. -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"It's got three keyboards and a hundred extra knobs, including twelve with '?' on them."
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- BIG FIDO? - "Yes?" - HEEL. -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Librarian of Unseen University had unilaterally decided to aid comprehension by producing an Orang-utan/Human Dictionary. He'd been working on it for three months. It wasn't easy. He'd got as far as "Oook". -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "It could be a torture chamber or a dungeon or a hideous pit or anything!" - "It's just a student's bedroom, sergeant." - "You see?" -- (Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The maze was so small that people got lost looking *for* it.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"It would seem that you have no useful skill or talent whatsoever," he said. "Have you thought of going into teaching?" -- (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Only one creature could have duplicated the expressions on their faces, and that would be a pigeon who has heard not only that Lord Nelson has got down off his column but has also been seen buying a 12-bore repeater and a box of cartridges. -- (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "My granny says that dying is like going to sleep," Mort added, a shade hopefully. - I WOULDN'T KNOW. I HAVE DONE NEITHER. -- (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "Pardon me for living, I'm sure." - NO-ONE GETS PARDONED FOR LIVING. -- (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Although the scythe isn't pre-eminent among the weapons of war, anyone who has been on the wrong end of, say, a peasants' revolt will know that in skilled hands it is fearsome. -- (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Do not meddle in the affairs of wizards because a refusal often offends, I read somewhere." -- (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"When a man is tired of Ankh-Morpork, he is tired of ankle-deep slurry." -- (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU, he said, BUT I COULD MURDER A CURRY. -- Death addresses his new apprentice (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Poets have tried to describe Ankh-Morpork. They have failed. Perhaps it's the sheer zestful vitality of the place, or maybe it's just that a city with a million inhabitants and no sewers is rather robust for poets, who prefer daffodils and no wonder. -- (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It is a fact that although the Death of the Discworld is, in his own words, an ANTHROPOMORPHIC PERSONIFICATION, he long ago gave up using the traditional skeletal horses, because of the bother of having to stop all the time to wire bits back on. -- (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"You're dead," he said. Keli waited. She couldn't think of any suitable reply. "I'm not" lacked a certain style, while "Is it serious?" seemed somehow too frivolous.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The thing between Death's triumphant digits was a fly from the dawn of time. It was the fly in the primordial soup. It had bred on mammoth turds. It wasn't a fly that bangs on window panes, it was a fly that drills through walls. -- Death goes fishing (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Ankh-Morpork had dallied with many forms of government and had ended up with that form of democracy known as One Man, One Vote. The Patrician was the Man; he had the Vote. -- Discworld politics explained (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- I USHERED SOULS INTO THE NEXT WORLD. I WAS THE GRAVE OF ALL HOPE. I WAS THE ULTIMATE REALITY. I WAS THE ASSASSIN AGAINST WHOM NO LOCK WOULD HOLD. - "Yes, point taken, but do you have any particular skills?" -- Death consults a job broker (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "Sodomy non sapiens," said Albert under his breath. - "What does that mean?" - "Means I'm buggered if I know." -- Mort and Albert are facing a problem (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"What do people like to drink here, then?" The landlord looked sideways at his customers, a clever trick given that they were directly in front of him. -- Mort goes out for a drink (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"You like it?" he said to Mort, in pretty much the same tone of voice people used when they said to St George, "You killed a *what*?" -- Mort tastes scrumble for the first time (Terry Pratchett, Mort)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Librarian had seen many weird things in his time, but that had to be the 57th strangest. [footnote: he had a tidy mind] -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Woof bloody woof." -- Gaspode the Wonder Dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It was the sort of thing you expected in the Street of Alchemists. The neighbours *preferred* explosions, which were at least identifiable and soon over. They were better than the smells, which crept up on you. -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Meat pies! Hot sausages! Inna bun! So fresh the pig h'an't noticed they're gone!" -- Genuine pig portion packages (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Archchancellor's most important job, as the Bursar saw it, was to sign things, preferably, from the Bursar's point of view, without reading them first. -- Middle management explained (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	By and large, the only skill the alchemists of Ankh-Morpork had discovered so far was the ability to turn gold into less gold. -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Most alchemists were nervous, in any case; it came from not knowing what the crucible of bubbling stuff they were experimenting with was going to do next. -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"If you put butter and salt on it, it tastes like salty butter." -- Popcorn comes to the Discworld (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Students?" barked the Archchancellor. "Yes, Master. You know? They're the thinner ones with the pale faces? Because we're a *university*? They come with the whole thing, like rats --" -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Of course, it is very important to be sober when you take an exam. Many worthwhile careers in the street-cleansing, fruit-picking and subway-guitar-playing industries have been founded on a lack of understanding of this simple fact. -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"The thing is that Mr. Dibbler can even sell sausages to people who have bought them off him *before*." -- Now *that's* marketing (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "You pay for it before you eat it? What happens if it's dreadful?" - "That's why." -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I'm a cat person, myself," she said, vaguely. A low-level voice said: "Yeah? Yeah? Wash in your own spit, do you?" -- It's a dog's life (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Why's it called Ming?" said the Archchancellor, on cue. The Bursar tapped the pot. It went *ming*. -- Discworld archeology revealed (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "I thought swords had to be straight." - "Perhaps they start out straight and go bendy with use. A lot of things do." -- Odour-eaters, right? Yeah, she means odour-eaters. (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	People who used magic without knowing what they were doing usually came to a sticky end. All over the entire room, sometimes. -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"He's in love," said Gaspode. "It's very tricky." "Yeah, I know how it is," said the cat sympathetically. "People throwing old boots and things at you." -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"In a word -- im-possible!" "That's two words," said Dibbler. -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I'm vice-president of Throwing Out People Mr Dibbler Doesn't like the Face of." -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "It looks worse than you can imagine!" - "I can imagine some pretty bad things!" - "That's why I said *worse*!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Woof?" -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Could have bin worse, mister. I could have said 'miaow'." -- Our hero meets Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Worlds only harmonica-playing dog. Tuppence." -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Seems I can't get me 'ead down these days without rescuin' people or foilin' robbers or sunnink." -- It's a wonder dog's life (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"How's he in the mysterious senses department?" -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Walk a mile on these paws and call me a liar." -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Woof. In tones of low menace." -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I thought it was going to be bucket-of-water time myself." -- Gaspode's way of saying "I'm sorry, was I intruding?" (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I can explain it in Dog, but you only listen in Human." -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I mean are we talking Thicko City here or what?" -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I wouldn't give it to a dog, and I *am* one." -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Does that look like ten per cent to you, Victor?" -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"... Percy the Pup here with a cold nose, bright eyes, glossy coat and the brains of a stunned herring." -- Gaspode the wonder dog on 'Laddie' (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Maybe you should loosen her clothing or something." -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I could send you a bone with a file in it, only you'd eat it." -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Well, 'scuse me. I was jus' tryin' to save the world." -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"If gharstely creatures from before the Dawna Time starts wavin' at you from under your bed, jus' you don't come complainin' to me," -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Idiot I may be, but tied up I ain't." -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"And Howondaland Smith, Balrog Hunter, practic'ly eats the dark for his tea." -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Messin' around with girls in thrall to Creatures from the Void never works out, take my word for it." -- Gaspode gives Victor some practical advice (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Growl, growl." -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I can bite your leg if you like." -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I expect I've saved the day, right?" -- Gaspode the wonder dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Can't sing. Can't dance. Can handle a sword a little." -- Victor's resume (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Did I hear things, or can that little dog speak?" said Dibbler. "He says he can't," said Victor. Dibbler hesitated. "Well," he said, "I suppose he should know." -- Dibbler meets Gaspode the Wonder Dog (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	In retrospect, Victor was always a little unclear about those next few minutes. That's the way it goes. The moments that change your life are the ones that happen suddenly, like the one where you die. -- (Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"When Mister Safety Catch Is Not On, Mister Crossbow Is Not Your Friend." -- Detritus learns about weapons safety (Terry Pratchett, Night Watch)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	He hated being thought of as one of those people that wore stupid ornamental armour. It was gilt by association. -- (Terry Pratchett, Night Watch)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Don't put your trust in revolutions. They always come around again. That's why they're called revolutions. People die, and nothing changes." -- (Terry Pratchett, Night Watch)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Assassin moved quietly from roof to roof until he was well away from the excitement around the Watch House. His movements could be called cat-like, except that he did not stop to spray urine up against things. -- (Terry Pratchett, Night Watch)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	No-one could sit in that chair. It was full of old T-shirts and books and supper plates and junk. There was a deep sock layer and possibly the Lost Strawberry Yoghurt. No-one could sit down there without special equipment. -- (Terry Pratchett, Only You Can Save Mankind)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	One day, if he could master GCSE maths and reliably pick up a soldering iron by the end that wasn't hot, he was going to be a Big Man in computers. -- (Terry Pratchett, Only You Can Save Mankind)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I saw a film where there was an alien crawling around inside a spaceship's air ducts and it could come out wherever it liked," said Johnny reproachfully. "Doubtless it had a map," said the Captain. -- (Terry Pratchett, Only You Can Save Mankind)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Basically, there were two sides to the world. There was the entire computer games software industry engaged in a tremendous effort to stamp out piracy, and there was Wobbler. Currently, Wobbler was in front. -- (Terry Pratchett, Only You Can Save Mankind)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Wobbler thought that California was where good people went when they died. -- (Terry Pratchett, Only You Can Save Mankind)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	If Not You, Who Else? -- (Terry Pratchett, Only You Can Save Mankind)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"We got a talk about it at school. There's lots of stuff most girls can't do, but you've got to pretend they can, so that more of them will." -- Sexism explained (Terry Pratchett, Only You Can Save Mankind)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Bigmac's brother was reliably believed to be in the job of moving video recorders around in an informal way. -- (Terry Pratchett, Only You Can Save Mankind)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	He microwaved himself something called a Pour-On Genuine Creole Lasagne, which said it served four portions. It did if you were dwarfs. -- (Terry Pratchett, Only You Can Save Mankind)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	On Earth, No-one Can Hear You Say "Um". -- (Terry Pratchett, Only You Can Save Mankind)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Stuck? You're an *alien*," said Johnny. "Aliens don't get stuck in air ducts. It's practically a well-known fact." -- (Terry Pratchett, Only You Can Save Mankind)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"If we find a cat I'm going to kick it!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Only You Can Save Mankind)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	What our ancestors would really be thinking, if they were alive today, is: "Why is it so dark in here?" -- (Terry Pratchett, Pyramids)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	All assassins had a full-length mirror in their rooms, because it would be a terrible insult to anyone to kill them when you were badly dressed. -- (Terry Pratchett, Pyramids)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Ibid you already know."
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Ephebians made wine out of anything they could put in a bucket, and ate anything that couldn't climb out of one. -- (Terry Pratchett, Pyramids)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Nature abhors dimensional abnormalities, and seals them neatly away so that they don't upset people. Nature, in fact, abhors a lot of things, including vacuums, ships called the "Marie Celeste", and the chuck keys for electric drills. -- (Terry Pratchett, Pyramids)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	There was not a lot that could be done to make Morpork a worse place. A direct hit by a meteorite, for example, would count as gentrification. -- (Terry Pratchett, Pyramids)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "Therefore I will have dinner sent in," said the priest. "It will be roast chicken." - "I hate chicken." Dios smiled. "No sire. On wednesdays the King always enjoys chicken, sire." -- (Terry Pratchett, Pyramids)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"What is this thing, anyway?" said the Dean, inspecting the implement in his hands. "It's called a shovel," said the Senior Wrangler. "I've seen the gardeners use them. You stick the sharp end in the ground. Then it gets a bit technical." -- (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	No one was avoiding him, it was just that an apparent random Brownian motion was gently moving everyone away. -- (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Dock-a-loodle-fod!" -- Dyslexic roosters are a sad sight (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	People have believed for hundreds of years that newts in a well mean that the water's fresh and drinkable, and *in all that time* never asked themselves whether the newts got out to go to the lavatory. -- (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	He'd never realized that, deep down inside, what he really wanted to do was make things go splat. -- (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	DROP THE SCYTHE, AND TURN AROUND SLOWLY.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind. -- (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It is traditional, when loading wire trolleys, to put the most fragile items at the bottom. -- (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	No matter how fast light travels it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it. -- (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I EXPECT, he said, THAT YOU COULD MURDER A PIECE OF CHEESE? -- Death talks to the Death of Rats (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	On the fabled hidden continent of Xxxx, somewhere near the rim, there is a lost colony of wizards who wear corks around their pointy hats and live on nothing but prawns. -- (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Bonsai!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Chap with a whip got as far as the big sharp spikes last week," said the low priest. -- Life in the Temple of Offler (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"You know," said Windle, "it's a wonderful afterlife." -- (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	WHAT CAN THE HARVEST HOPE FOR, IF NOT FOR THE CARE OF THE REAPER MAN? -- Death appeals to Azrael (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "Have you any last words?" - YES. I DON'T WANT TO GO. - "Well. Succinct, anyway." -- Death at the other end of the scythe, for once (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Mrs Evadne Cake was a medium, verging on small. -- (Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Chain letters," said the Tyrant. "The Chain Letter to the Ephebians. Forget Your Gods. Be Subjugated. Learn to Fear. Do not break the chain -- the last people who did woke up one morning to find fifty thousand armed men on their lawn." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"It's a god-eat-god world." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"You can't trample infidels when you're a tortoise. I mean, all you could do is give them a meaningful look." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"That's right," he said. "We're philosophers. We think, therefore we am." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Dhblah sidled closer. This was not hard. Dhblah sidled everywhere. *Crabs* thought he walked sideways. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	One day a tortoise will learn how to fly. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	History, contrary to popular theories, *is* kings and dates and battles. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	And it came to pass that in time the Great God Om spake unto Brutha, the Chosen One: "Psst!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Brother Preptil, the master of the music, had described Brutha's voice as putting him in mind of a disappointed vulture arriving too late at the dead donkey. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"There's very good eating on one of these, you know." -- Eyeing the tortoise for tea (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Pets are always a great help in times of stress. And in times of starvation too, o'course." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Words are the litmus paper of the minds. If you find yourself in the power of someone who will use the word "commence" in cold blood, go somewhere else very quickly. But if they say "Enter", don't stop to pack. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The labyrinth of Ephebe is ancient and full of one hundred and one amazing things you can do with hidden springs, razor-sharp knives, and falling rocks. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Ah. Philosophy," said Om. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Not a man to mince words. People, yes. But not words." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Bishops move diagonally. That's why they often turn up where the kings don't expect them to be. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Eureka," he said. "Going to have a bath then?" -- Philosophy in action (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Cuius testiculos habes, habeas cardia et cerebellum. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Are you a philosopher? Where's your sponge?" -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	REMIND ME AGAIN, he said, HOW THE LITTLE HORSE-SHAPED ONES MOVE. -- Death on symbolic last games (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Go on, do Deformed Rabbit... it's my favourite." -- Shadow puppets are so cute (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Oh, a very useful philosophical animal, your average tortoise. Outrunning metaphorical arrows, beating hares in races... very handy." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Gravity is a habit that is hard to shake off. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The trouble with being a god is that you've got no one to pray to. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	There are hardly any excesses of the most crazed psychopath that cannot easily be duplicated by a normal kindly family man who just comes in to work every day and has a job to do. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The people who really run organizations are usually found several levels down, where it is still possible to get things done. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Guilt was the grease in which the wheels of the authority turned. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Most gods find it hard to walk and think at the same time. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	When the least they could do to you was everything, then the most they could do to you suddenly held no terror. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"What's a philosopher ?" said Brutha. "Someone who's bright enough to find a job with no heavy lifting," said a voice in his head. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Slave is an Ephebian word. In Om we have no word for slave," said Vorbis. "So I understand," said the Tyrant. "I imagine that fish have no word for water." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"He says gods like to see an atheist around. Gives them something to aim at." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"You're not one of us." "I don't think I'm one of them, either," said Brutha. "I'm one of mine." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Simony's eyes gleamed with the gleam of a man who had seen the future and found it covered with armour plating. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"All holy piety in public, and all peeled grapes and self-indulgence in private." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	When you can flatten entire cities at a whim, a tendency towards quiet reflection and seeing-things-from-the-other-fellow's-point- of-view is seldom necessary. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Why do you bother with him? He's had thousands of people killed!" "Yes, but perhaps he thought that you wanted it." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The figures looked more or less human. And they were engaged in religion. You could tell by the knives (it's not murder if you do it for a god). -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The trouble was that he was talking in philosophy, but they were listening in gibberish. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"He's muffed it," said Simony. "he could have done *anything* with them. And he just told them the facts. You can't inspire people with facts. They need a cause. They need a symbol." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"You can't find a hermit to teach you herming, because of course that rather spoils the whole thing." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Om began to feel the acute depression that steals over every realist in the presence of an optimist. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"All the other prophets came back with commandments!" "Where they get them?" "I ... suppose they made them up." "You get them from the same place." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Brutha tried to nod, and thought: I'm on everyone's side. It'd be nice if, just for once, someone was on mine. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Probably the last man who knew how it worked had been tortured to death years before. Or as soon as it was installed. Killing the creator was a traditional method of patent protection. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Give anyone a lever long enough and they can change the world. It's unreliable levers that are the problem. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Now we've got a truth to die for!" "No. Men should die for lies. But the truth is too precious to die for." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	YOU HAVE PERHAPS HEARD THE PHRASE THAT HELL IS OTHER PEOPLE? "Yes. Yes, of course." Death nodded. IN TIME, he said, YOU WILL LEARN THAT IT IS WRONG. -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I used to think that *I* was stupid, and then I met philosophers." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I like the idea of democracy. You have to have someone everyone distrusts," said Brutha. "That way, everyone's happy." -- (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Until an unfortunate axe incident, Gloria had been captain of the school basketball team. -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The man gave a shrug which indicated that, although the world did indeed have many problems, this was one of them that was not his. -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Scum," said Crash, his voice low with resigned menace, "you've bought a leopard, haven't you?" -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Of course, just because we've heard a spine-chilling, blood-curdling scream of the sort to make your very marrow freeze in your bones doesn't automatically mean there's anything wrong." -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The question seldom addressed is *where* Medusa had snakes. Underarm hair is an even more embarassing problem when it keeps biting the top of the deodorant bottle. -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	People came to Ankh-Morpork to seek their fortune. Unfortunately, other people sought it too. -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The class was learning about some revolt in which some peasants had wanted to stop being peasants and, since the nobles had won, had stopped being peasants *really quickly*. -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The hippo of recollection stirred in the muddy waters of the mind. -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	SNH, SNH, SNH. -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Smoke was coming out of the stricken piano. The Librarian's hands were walking through the keys like Casanunda in a nunnery. -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	They looked at one another in incomprehension, two minds driving opposite ways up a narrow street and waiting for the other man to reverse first. -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The students were staring at her in the manner of those who have heard of the species 'female' but have never expected to get this close to one. -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I'm mean and turf and I'm mean and turf and I'm mean and turf and I'm mean and turf, And me an' my friends can walk towards you with our hats on backwards in a menacing way, Yo!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Patrician was a pragmatist. He never tried to fix things that worked. Things that didn't work, however, got broken. -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"What duck?" -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	There was a roar like the scream of a camel who has just seen two bricks. -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Yes," said the skull. "Quit while you're a head, that's what I say." -- (Terry Pratchett, Soul Music)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	There were a few seconds of total silence as everyone waited to see what would happen next. And then Nijel uttered the battle cry that Rincewind would never quite forget to the end of his life. "Erm," he said, "excuse me..." -- (Terry Pratchett, Sourcery)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Of course, Ankh-Morpork's citizens had always claimed that the river water was incredibly pure. Any water that had passed through so many kidneys, they reasoned, had to be very pure indeed. -- (Terry Pratchett, Sourcery)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The subject of wizards and sex is a complicated one, but as has already been indicated it does, in essence, boil down to this: when it comes to wine, women and song, wizards are allowed to get drunk and croon as much as they like. -- (Terry Pratchett, Sourcery)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"It's going to look pretty good, then, isn't it," said War testily, "the One Horseman and Three Pedestrians of the Apocralypse."
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It wasn't blood in general he couldn't stand the sight of, it was just his blood in particular that was so upsetting. -- (Terry Pratchett, Sourcery)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I'm not going to ride on a magic carpet!" he hissed. "I'm afraid of grounds." "You mean heights," said Conina. "And stop being silly." "I know what I mean! It's the grounds that kill you!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Sourcery)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It became apparent that one reason why the Ice Giants were known as the Ice Giants was because they were, well, giants. The other was that they were made of ice. -- (Terry Pratchett, Sourcery)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I meant," said Iplsore bitterly, "what is there in this world that makes living worthwhile?" Death thought about it. "CATS," he said eventually, "CATS ARE NICE." -- Death is obviously not a dog person (Terry Pratchett, Sourcery)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Death was Nature's way of telling you to slow down. -- (Terry Pratchett, Strata)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The sky spun again as Marco turned the ship so that 'down' was where long tradition had always put it, in the region of the feet. -- (Terry Pratchett, Strata)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	He didn't look mad, but they never did. -- (Terry Pratchett, Strata)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"You can think and you can fight, but the world's always movin', and if you wanna stay ahead you gotta dance." -- (Terry Pratchett, The Amazing Maurice and his Educated Rodents)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The important thing about adventures, thought Mr Bunnsy, was that they shouldn't be so long as to make you miss mealtimes. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Amazing Maurice and his Educated Rodents)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Humans, eh? Think they're lords of creation. Not like us cats. We *know* we are. Ever see a cat feed a human? Case proven. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Amazing Maurice and his Educated Rodents)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	A good plan isn't one where someone wins, it's where nobody thinks they've *lost*. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Amazing Maurice and his Educated Rodents)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"He's a man of few words, and he doesn't know what either of them mean," people said, but not when he was within hearing. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Carpet People)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Tourist, Rincewind decided, meant "idiot". -- (Terry Pratchett, The Colour of Magic)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Reflected-sound-of-underground-spirits?" -- Economics explained (Terry Pratchett, The Colour of Magic)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I perceive a possibility of an immediate chronological sequence of events which includes a violence," said Three. He stepped back, "I express preference for a chronological sequence of events which precludes a violence." -- (Terry Pratchett, The Dark Side of the Sun)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	You did something because it had always been done, and the explanation was "but we've always done it this way." A million dead people can't have been wrong, can they? -- (Terry Pratchett, The Fifth Elephant)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	There was no such thing as a dwarfish female pronoun or, once the children were on solids, any such thing as women's work. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Fifth Elephant)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	He wasn't strictly aware of it, but he treated even geography as if he was investigating a crime (did you see who carved out the valley? Would you recognize that glacier if you saw it again?) -- (Terry Pratchett, The Fifth Elephant)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	A marriage is always made up of two people who are prepared to swear that only the other one snores. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Fifth Elephant)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	As castles went, this one looked as though it could be taken by a small squad of not very efficient soldiers. For defence, putting a blanket over your head might be marginally safer. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Fifth Elephant)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	She moved like someone who had grown used to her body and, in general, looked like what Vimes had heard described as "a woman of a certain age." He'd never been quite certain what age that was. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Fifth Elephant)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"When it's time to stop living, I will certainly make Death my number one choice!" -- (Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	In the fetid fleapit of Rincewind's brain the projectionist of memory put on reel two. Recollection began to flicker. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Daggy stepped forward, but only comparatively; in fact, his mates had all, without discussion, taken one step backwards in the choreography of caution. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	PEOPLE'S WHOLE LIVES *DO* PASS IN FRONT OF THEIR EYES BEFORE THEY DIE. THE PROCESS IS CALLED 'LIVING'. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Nulli Sheilae sanguineae" -- (Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	They say the heat and the flies here can drive a man insane. But you don't have to believe that, and nor does that bright mauve elephant that just cycled past. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Rincewind had always been happy to think of himself as a racist. The One Hundred Meters, the Mile, the Marathon -- he'd run them all. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Too many people, when listing all the perils to be found in the search for lost treasure or ancient wisdom, had forgotten to put at the top of the list 'the man who arrived just before you'. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Last Hero)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "DID YOU SAY HUMANS PLAY IT FOR FUN?" - "Some of them get to be very good at it, yes. I'm only an amateur, I'm afraid" - "BUT THEY ONLY LIVE EIGHTY OR NINETY YEARS!" -- The joys of bridge (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"The knuckles! The horrible knuckles!" -- (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	I WAS AT A PARTY, he added, a shade reproachfully. -- Death is summoned by the Wizards (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	A Thaum is the basic unit of magical strength. It has been universally established as the amount of magic needed to create one small white pigeon or three normal sized billiard balls. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	He moved in a way that suggested he was attempting the world speed record for the nonchalant walk. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "What is it that a man may call the greatest things in life?" - "Hot water, good dentishtry and shoft lavatory paper." -- Cohen the Barbarian in conversation with Discworld nomads (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Early to rise, early to bed, makes a man healthy, wealthy and dead."
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The druid stiffened. "*Nice?*" he said. "A triumph of the silicon chunk, a miracle of modern masonic technology -- *nice*?" "Oh, yes," said Twoflower, to whom sarcasm was merely a seven letter word beginning with S. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	There were no flies on C.M.O.T Dibbler. He would have charged them rent. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Truth)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The world is made up of four elements: Earth, Air, Fire and Water. This is a fact well known even to Corporal Nobbs. It's also wrong. There's a fifth element, and generally it's called Surprise. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Truth)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It was a puzzle why things were always dragged kicking and screaming. No one ever seemed to want to, for example, lead them gently by the hand. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Truth)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"The Truth Shall Make Ye Fret" -- (Terry Pratchett, The Truth)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	A lie can run round the world before the truth has got its boots on. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Truth)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"He's going to go totally Librarian-poo." -- Gaspode about Vimes (Terry Pratchett, The Truth)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"But surely dogs can't talk--" Sacharissa began. "Oh dear oh dear oh dear," said Gaspode, "Did I *say* I was talking?" "Well, not in so many words--" -- Sacharissa meets Gaspode the Wonder Dog (Terry Pratchett, The Truth)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	WHO KNOWS WHAT EVIL LURKS IN THE HEART OF MEN? The Death of Rats looked up from the feast of potato. SQUEAK, he said. Death waved a hand dismissively. WELL, YES, OBVIOUSLY *ME*, he said. I JUST WONDERED IF THERE WAS ANYONE ELSE. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Truth)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Some people are heroes. And some people jot down notes." -- (Terry Pratchett, The Truth)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Our garden was debated territory between five local cats, and we'd heard that the best way to keep other cats out of the garden was to have one yourself. A moment's rational thought here will spot the slight flaw in this reasoning. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Unadulterated Cat)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Cats don't hunt seals. They would if they knew what they were and where to find them. But they don't, so that's all right. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Unadulterated Cat)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Next comes the realist phase ("After all, from a purely geometrical point of view a cat is only a tube with a door at the top.").
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Everyone's heard of Erwin Schrodinger's famous thought experiment. You put a cat in a box with a bottle of poison, which many people would suggest is about as far as you need to go. -- (Terry Pratchett, The Unadulterated Cat)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Zoology, eh? That's a big word, isn't it?" "No, actually it isn't," said Tiffany. "Patronizing is a big word. Zoology is really quite short." -- (Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Nac Mac Feegle! The Wee Free Men! Nae king! Nae quin! Nae laird! *We willna be fooled again!*" -- (Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Do not act incautiously when confronting little bald wrinkly smiling men!"
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Sometimes I really think people ought to have to pass a *proper* exam before they're allowed to be parents. Not just the practical, I mean." -- (Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"No running with scythes!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Look, that's why there's rules, understand? So that you *think* before you break 'em. -- (Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Bikkit!" -- (Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Even with nougat you can have a perfect moment. -- (Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "Outside! What's it like?" - "Well -- It's sort of big" -- (Terry Pratchett, Truckers)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The Store was having its last sale. It was holding a Grand Final Clearance of specially selected sparks, and flames to suit every pocket. -- (Terry Pratchett, Truckers)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It's a small step for a man, but a giant leap for nomekind. -- (Terry Pratchett, Truckers)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"No, no, no, what you do is, you get a gnu, then you point it at the driver and someone says, 'Look out, he's got a gnu!' and you say, 'Take us where we want to go or I'll fire this gnu at you!'" -- "Host Age at 10,000 Feet", Nome style (Terry Pratchett, Truckers)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	There was a polite beeping from the Thing. "You may be interested to know," it said, "that we've broken the sound barrier." Masklin turned wearily to the others. "All right, own up. Who broke it?" -- (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Beyond the top of the sky was the place the Thing had called the universe. It contained -- according to the Thing -- everything and nothing. And there was very little everything and more nothing than anyone could imagine. -- (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "The other humans around it are trying to explain to it what a planet is." - "Doesn't it know?" - "Many humans don't. Mistervicepresident is one of them." -- (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	AIRPORTS: A place where people hurry up and wait.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I thought jet planes were just trucks with more wings and less wheels." -- (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	And then there were the frogs. Very, very small frogs. They had such a tiny life cycle it still had trainer wheels on it. -- (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	And this had been the way things were for as far back as the frogs could remember [footnote: About three seconds. Frogs don't have good memories]. -- (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"You get more air close to the ground," said Angalo. "I read that in a book. You get lots of air low down, and not much when you go up." "Why not?" said Gurder. "Dunno. It's frightened of heights, I guess." -- The nomes discuss science (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	CONCORDE: It goes twice as fast as a bullet and you get smoked salmon.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	It had been in a pocket diary, and the names of the faraway places written on it were like magic -- Africa, Australia, China, Equator, Printed in Hong Kong, Iceland... -- (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	They stared at the branch. There wasn't just one flower out there, there were dozens, although the frogs weren't able to think like this because frogs can't count beyond one. They saw lots of ones. -- (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	They stared at them. Staring is one of the few things frogs are good at. Thinking isn't. -- (Terry Pratchett, Wings)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Asking someone to repeat a phrase you'd not only heard very clearly but were also exceedingly angry about was around Defcon II in the lexicon of squabble. -- (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "We've got a lot of experience of not having any experience" - "But the point is... the point is... the point is we've not been experienced for a lot longer than you." -- Stop being so negative (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The only way housework could be done in this place was with a shovel or, for preference, a match. -- (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	People didn't hit you over the head with farmhouses back home.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Racism was not a problem on the Discworld, because -- what with trolls and dwarfs and so on -- speciesism was more interesting. Black and white lived in perfect harmony and ganged up on green. -- (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Nanny Ogg quite liked cooking, provided there were other people around to do things like chop up the vegetables and wash the dishes afterwards.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Emberella," thought Magrat. "I'm fairy godmothering a girl who sounds like something you put up in the rain." -- (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Magrat was annoyed. She was also frightened, which made her even more annoyed. It was hard for people when Magrat was annoyed. It was like being attacked by damp tissue. -- (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Nanny Ogg looked him up and down or, at least, down and further down. "You're a dwarf," she said.
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	- "'S called the Vieux River." - "Yes?" - "Know what that means?" - "No." - "The Old (Masculine) River," said Nanny. - "Yes?" - "Words have sex in foreign parts," said Nanny hopefully. -- (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"You can't go around building a better world for people. Only people can build a better world for people. Otherwise it's just a cage." -- (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Genua had once controlled the river mouth and taxed its traffic in a way that couldn't be called piracy because it was done by the city government. -- Local-body politics explained (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Baths is unhygienic," Granny declared. "You know I've never agreed with baths. Sittin' around in your own dirt like that." -- Taking personal hygiene to new limits (Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The calender of the Theocracy of Muntab counts down, not up. No-one knows why, but it might not be a good idea to hang around and find out. -- (Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	The duke had a mind that ticked like a clock and, like a clock, it regularly went cuckoo. -- (Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"There must be a hundred silver dollars in here," moaned Boggis, waving a purse. "I mean, that's not my league. That's not my class. I can't handle that sort of money. You've got to be in the Guild of Lawyers or something to steal that much." -- (Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I'd like to know if I could compare you to a summer's day. Because -- well, June 12th was quite nice, and..." -- (Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"'Tis not right, a woman going into such places by herself." Granny nodded. She thoroughly approved of such sentiments so long as there was, of course, no suggestion that they applied to her. -- (Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	Above the hearth was a huge pokerwork sign saying "Mother". No tyrant in the whole history of the world had ever achieved a domination so complete. -- (Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"A man could go far, knowing his rights like you do," said Granny. "But right now he should go home." -- (Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"I daresay," said Granny, pushing the Fool aside and stepping over a writhing taproot. "If anyone locked *me* in a dungeon, there'd be screams." -- (Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"He didn't take any notice!" whispered Tomjon. "A born critic," said the dwarf. -- Discworld stage actors in conversation (Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Actors," said Granny, witheringly. "As if the world weren't full of enough history without inventing more." -- (Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters)
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	"Yes, bugger all that." said Nanny. "Let's curse somebody."
pratchett	whimsy	general	0	On nights such as these the gods, as has already been pointed out, play games other than chess with the fates of mortals and the thrones of kings. It is important to remember that they always cheat, right up to the end... -- (Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters)
literature	creative	general	0	A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining and wants it back the minute it begins to rain.
literature	creative	general	0	A classic is something that everyone wants to have read and nobody wants to read.
literature	creative	general	0	A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse!
literature	creative	general	0	A hundred years from now it is very likely that [of Twain's works] "The Jumping Frog" alone will be remembered.
literature	creative	general	0	A is for Apple.
literature	creative	general	0	A kind of Batman of contemporary letters.
literature	creative	general	0	A light wife doth make a heavy husband.
literature	creative	general	0	A man was reading The Canterbury Tales one Saturday morning, when his wife asked "What have you got there?" Replied he, "Just my cup and Chaucer."
literature	creative	general	0	... A solemn, unsmiling, sanctimonious old iceberg who looked like he was waiting for a vacancy in the Trinity.
literature	creative	general	0	After all, all he did was string together a lot of old, well-known quotations.
literature	creative	general	0	Alas, how love can trifle with itself!
literature	creative	general	0	All generalizations are false, including this one.
literature	creative	general	0	All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
literature	creative	general	0	All say, "How hard it is that we have to die"--a strange complaint to come from the mouths of people who have had to live.
literature	creative	general	0	"... all the modern inconveniences ..."
literature	creative	general	0	All things that are, are with more spirit chased than enjoyed.
literature	creative	general	0	Always do right. This will gratify some people and astonish the rest.
literature	creative	general	0	Always the dullness of the fool is the whetstone of the wits.
literature	creative	general	0	"... an experienced, industrious, ambitious, and often quite picturesque liar."
literature	creative	general	0	An honest tale speeds best being plainly told.
literature	creative	general	0	And do you think (fop that I am) that I could be the Scarlet Pumpernickel?
literature	creative	general	0	Anyone who has had a bull by the tail knows five or six more things than someone who hasn't.
literature	creative	general	0	April 1 This is the day upon which we are reminded of what we are on the other three hundred and sixty-four.
literature	creative	general	0	As flies to wanton boys are we to the gods; they kill us for their sport.
literature	creative	general	0	As to the Adjective: when in doubt, strike it out.
literature	creative	general	0	AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE! FEAR! FIRE! FOES! AWAKE! AWAKE!
literature	creative	general	0	Be careful of reading health books, you might die of a misprint.
literature	creative	general	0	Behold, the fool saith, "Put not all thine eggs in the one basket"--which is but a manner of saying, "Scatter your money and your attention;" but the wise man saith, "Put all your eggs in the one basket and--WATCH THAT BASKET."
literature	creative	general	0	Big book, big bore.
literature	creative	general	0	But, for my own part, it was Greek to me.
literature	creative	general	0	By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity. Another man's, I mean.
literature	creative	general	0	Civilization is the limitless multiplication of unnecessary necessities.
literature	creative	general	0	Condense soup, not books!
literature	creative	general	0	Conscience doth make cowards of us all.
literature	creative	general	0	Consider well the proportions of things. It is better to be a young June-bug than an old bird of paradise.
literature	creative	general	0	Delay not, Caesar. Read it instantly. -- Shakespeare, "Julius Caesar" 3,1 Here is a letter, read it at your leisure. -- Shakespeare, "Merchant of Venice" 5,1 [Quoted in "VMS Internals and Data Structures", V4.4, when referring to I/O system services.]
literature	creative	general	0	Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
literature	creative	general	0	"Elves and Dragons!" I says to him. "Cabbages and potatoes are better for you and me."
literature	creative	general	0	English literature's performing flea.
literature	creative	general	0	Every cloud engenders not a storm.
literature	creative	general	0	Every why hath a wherefore.
literature	creative	general	0	Extreme fear can neither fight nor fly.
literature	creative	general	0	F.S. Fitzgerald to Hemingway: "Ernest, the rich are different from us." Hemingway: "Yes. They have more money."
literature	creative	general	0	Fame is a vapor; popularity an accident; the only earthly certainty is oblivion.
literature	creative	general	0	Familiarity breeds contempt -- and children.
literature	creative	general	0	Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example.
literature	creative	general	0	For a light heart lives long.
literature	creative	general	0	For courage mounteth with occasion.
literature	creative	general	0	For there are moments when one can neither think nor feel. And if one can neither think nor feel, she thought, where is one?
literature	creative	general	0	For years a secret shame destroyed my peace-- I'd not read Eliot, Auden or MacNiece. But now I think a thought that brings me hope: Neither had Chaucer, Shakespeare, Milton, Pope.
literature	creative	general	0	Go not to the elves for counsel, for they will say both yes and no.
literature	creative	general	0	Gratitude and treachery are merely the two extremities of the same procession. You have seen all of it that is worth staying for when the band and the gaudy officials have gone by.
literature	creative	general	0	Grief can take care of itself; but to get the full value of a joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
literature	creative	general	0	Habit is habit, and not to be flung out of the window by any man, but coaxed down-stairs a step at a time.
literature	creative	general	0	Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side? And hain't that a big enough majority in any town?
literature	creative	general	0	Harp not on that string.
literature	creative	general	0	Have a place for everything and keep the thing somewhere else; this is not advice, it is merely custom.
literature	creative	general	0	Having nothing, nothing can he lose.
literature	creative	general	0	He draweth out the thread of his verbosity finer than the staple of his argument.
literature	creative	general	0	He hath eaten me out of house and home.
literature	creative	general	0	He is now rising from affluence to poverty.
literature	creative	general	0	He jests at scars who never felt a wound.
literature	creative	general	0	He that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom.
literature	creative	general	0	He that is giddy thinks the world turns round.
literature	creative	general	0	He was part of my dream, of course -- but then I was part of his dream too.
literature	creative	general	0	Hell is empty and all the devils are here.
literature	creative	general	0	How apt the poor are to be proud.
literature	creative	general	0	I do desire we may be better strangers.
literature	creative	general	0	I don't know half of you half as well as I should like; and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve.
literature	creative	general	0	I dote on his very absence.
literature	creative	general	0	I fell asleep reading a dull book, and I dreamt that I was reading on, so I woke up from sheer boredom.
literature	creative	general	0	I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
literature	creative	general	0	I must have a prodigious quantity of mind; it takes me as much as a week sometimes to make it up.
literature	creative	general	0	I think we are in Rats' Alley where the dead men lost their bones.
literature	creative	general	0	I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn't know.
literature	creative	general	0	I'll burn my books.
literature	creative	general	0	I've touch'd the highest point of all my greatness; And from that full meridian of my glory I haste now to my setting. I shall fall, Like a bright exhalation in the evening And no man see me more.
literature	creative	general	0	If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
literature	creative	general	0	If one cannot enjoy reading a book over and over again, there is no use in reading it at all.
literature	creative	general	0	If two people love each other, there can be no happy end to it.
literature	creative	general	0	If you laid all of our laws end to end, there would be no end.
literature	creative	general	0	If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. This is the principal difference between a dog and a man.
literature	creative	general	0	If you tell the truth you don't have to remember anything.
literature	creative	general	0	In a museum in Havana, there are two skulls of Christopher Columbus, "one when he was a boy and one when he was a man."
literature	creative	general	0	In India, "cold weather" is merely a conventional phrase and has come into use through the necessity of having some way to distinguish between weather which will melt a brass door-knob and weather which will only make it mushy.
literature	creative	general	0	In Marseilles they make half the toilet soap we consume in America, but the Marseillaise only have a vague theoretical idea of its use, which they have obtained from books of travel.
literature	creative	general	0	In the first place, God made idiots; this was for practice; then he made school boards.
literature	creative	general	0	In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours.
literature	creative	general	0	It has long been an axiom of mine that the little things are infinitely the most important.
literature	creative	general	0	It is a wise father that knows his own child.
literature	creative	general	0	It is by the fortune of God that, in this country, we have three benefits: freedom of speech, freedom of thought, and the wisdom never to use either.
literature	creative	general	0	It is easy to find fault, if one has that disposition. There was once a man who, not being able to find any other fault with his coal, complained that there were too many prehistoric toads in it.
literature	creative	general	0	It is often the case that the man who can't tell a lie thinks he is the best judge of one.
literature	creative	general	0	It usually takes more than three weeks to prepare a good impromptu speech.
literature	creative	general	0	It were not best that we should all think alike; it is difference of opinion that makes horse-races.
literature	creative	general	0	Its name is Public Opinion. It is held in reverence. It settles everything. Some think it is the voice of God.
literature	creative	general	0	Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can read.
literature	creative	general	0	Kiss me, Kate, we will be married o' Sunday.
literature	creative	general	0	Lay on, MacDuff, and curs'd be him who first cries, "Hold, enough!".
literature	creative	general	0	Let him choose out of my files, his projects to accomplish.
literature	creative	general	0	Let me take you a button-hole lower.
literature	creative	general	0	Let us endeavor so to live that when we come to die even the undertaker will be sorry.
literature	creative	general	0	Lord, what fools these mortals be!
literature	creative	general	0	Man is the only animal that blushes -- or needs to.
literature	creative	general	0	Many a writer seems to think he is never profound except when he can't understand his own meaning.
literature	creative	general	0	Many pages make a thick book, except for pocket Bibles which are on very very thin paper.
literature	creative	general	0	Many pages make a thick book.
literature	creative	general	0	Must I hold a candle to my shames?
literature	creative	general	0	My only love sprung from my only hate! Too early seen unknown, and known too late!
literature	creative	general	0	Never laugh at live dragons.
literature	creative	general	0	No group of professionals meets except to conspire against the public at large.
literature	creative	general	0	No violence, gentlemen -- no violence, I beg of you! Consider the furniture!
literature	creative	general	0	Noise proves nothing. Often a hen who has merely laid an egg cackles as if she laid an asteroid.
literature	creative	general	0	"Not Hercules could have knock'd out his brains, for he had none."
literature	creative	general	0	Nothing so needs reforming as other people's habits.
literature	creative	general	0	O, it is excellent To have a giant's strength; but it is tyrannous To use it like a giant.
literature	creative	general	0	October 12, the Discovery. It was wonderful to find America, but it would have been more wonderful to miss it.
literature	creative	general	0	October. This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks in. The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June, December, August, and February.
literature	creative	general	0	O, what a tangled web we weave, When first we practice to deceive.
literature	creative	general	0	One of the most striking differences between a cat and a lie is that a cat has only nine lives.
literature	creative	general	0	Patch griefs with proverbs.
literature	creative	general	0	Perilous to all of us are the devices of an art deeper than we ourselves possess. -- Gandalf the Grey [J.R.R. Tolkien, "Lord of the Rings"]
literature	creative	general	0	Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted; persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting to find a plot in it will be shot. By Order of the Author
literature	creative	general	0	question = ( to ) ? be : ! be
literature	creative	general	0	Reader, suppose you were an idiot. And suppose you were a member of Congress. But I repeat myself.
literature	creative	general	0	Rebellion lay in his way, and he found it.
literature	creative	general	0	Remark of Dr. Baldwin's concerning upstarts: We don't care to eat toadstools that think they are truffles.
literature	creative	general	0	Repartee is something we think of twenty-four hours too late.
literature	creative	general	0	ROMEO: Courage, man; the hurt cannot be much. MERCUTIO: No, 'tis not so deep as a well, nor so wide as a church-door; but 'tis enough, 'twill serve.
literature	creative	general	0	Seeing that death, a necessary end, Will come when it will come.
literature	creative	general	0	She is not refined. She is not unrefined. She keeps a parrot.
literature	creative	general	0	Small things make base men proud.
literature	creative	general	0	So so is good, very good, very excellent good: and yet it is not; it is but so so.
literature	creative	general	0	Soap and education are not as sudden as a massacre, but they are more deadly in the long run.
literature	creative	general	0	Something's rotten in the state of Denmark.
literature	creative	general	0	Sometimes I wonder if I'm in my right mind. Then it passes off and I'm as intelligent as ever.
literature	creative	general	0	Steady movement is more important than speed, much of the time. So long as there is a regular progression of stimuli to get your mental hooks into, there is room for lateral movement. Once this begins, its rate is a matter of discretion.
literature	creative	general	0	Suspicion always haunts the guilty mind.
literature	creative	general	0	Swerve me? The path to my fixed purpose is laid with iron rails, whereon my soul is grooved to run. Over unsounded gorges, through the rifled hearts of mountains, under torrents' beds, unerringly I rush!
literature	creative	general	0	Talkers are no good doers.
literature	creative	general	0	Tell the truth or trump--but get the trick.
literature	creative	general	0	Tempt not a desperate man.
literature	creative	general	0	The abuse of greatness is when it disjoins remorse from power.
literature	creative	general	0	The bay-trees in our country are all wither'd And meteors fright the fixed stars of heaven; The pale-faced moon looks bloody on the earth And lean-look'd prophets whisper fearful change. These signs forerun the death or fall of kings.
literature	creative	general	0	The better part of valor is discretion.
literature	creative	general	0	The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose.
literature	creative	general	0	The difference between a Miracle and a Fact is exactly the difference between a mermaid and a seal.
literature	creative	general	0	The difference between the right word and the almost right word is the difference between lightning and the lightning bug.
literature	creative	general	0	The fashion wears out more apparel than the man.
literature	creative	general	0	The first thing we do, let's kill all the lawyers.
literature	creative	general	0	The holy passion of Friendship is of so sweet and steady and loyal and enduring a nature that it will last through a whole lifetime, if not asked to lend money.
literature	creative	general	0	The human race has one really effective weapon, and that is laughter.
literature	creative	general	0	The human race is a race of cowards; and I am not only marching in that procession but carrying a banner.
literature	creative	general	0	The lunatic, the lover, and the poet, Are of imagination all compact...
literature	creative	general	0	The man who sets out to carry a cat by its tail learns something that will always be useful and which never will grow dim or doubtful.
literature	creative	general	0	The naked truth of it is, I have no shirt.
literature	creative	general	0	The only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd rather not.
literature	creative	general	0	The Public is merely a multiplied "me."
literature	creative	general	0	The ripest fruit falls first.
literature	creative	general	0	The secret source of humor is not joy but sorrow; there is no humor in Heaven.
literature	creative	general	0	The smallest worm will turn being trodden on.
literature	creative	general	0	The surest protection against temptation is cowardice.
literature	creative	general	0	The very ink with which all history is written is merely fluid prejudice.
literature	creative	general	0	There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
literature	creative	general	0	There is a great discovery still to be made in Literature: that of paying literary men by the quantity they do NOT write.
literature	creative	general	0	There is always one thing to remember: writers are always selling somebody out.
literature	creative	general	0	There is an old time toast which is golden for its beauty. "When you ascend the hill of prosperity may you not meet a friend."
literature	creative	general	0	There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress.
literature	creative	general	0	There is no hunting like the hunting of man, and those who have hunted armed men long enough and liked it, never care for anything else thereafter.
literature	creative	general	0	There's small choice in rotten apples.
literature	creative	general	0	They have been at a great feast of languages, and stolen the scraps.
literature	creative	general	0	They spell it "da Vinci" and pronounce it "da Vinchy". Foreigners always spell better than they pronounce.
literature	creative	general	0	Things past redress and now with me past care.
literature	creative	general	0	This is the first age that's paid much attention to the future, which is a little ironic since we may not have one.
literature	creative	general	0	This night methinks is but the daylight sick.
literature	creative	general	0	This was the most unkindest cut of all.
literature	creative	general	0	To be or not to be.
literature	creative	general	0	Too much is just enough.
literature	creative	general	0	Training is everything. The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education.
literature	creative	general	0	Truth is the most valuable thing we have -- so let us economize it.
literature	creative	general	0	Wagner's music is better than it sounds.
literature	creative	general	0	Water, taken in moderation cannot hurt anybody.
literature	creative	general	0	We know all about the habits of the ant, we know all about the habits of the bee, but we know nothing at all about the habits of the oyster. It seems almost certain that we have been choosing the wrong time for studying the oyster.
literature	creative	general	0	What good is an obscenity trial except to popularize literature?
literature	creative	general	0	What I tell you three times is true.
literature	creative	general	0	When angry, count four; when very angry, swear.
literature	creative	general	0	When I reflect upon the number of disagreeable people who I know who have gone to a better world, I am moved to lead a different life.
literature	creative	general	0	When I was younger, I could remember anything, whether it had happened or not; but my faculties are decaying now and soon I shall be so I cannot remember any but the things that never happened. It is sad to go to pieces like this but we all have to do it.
literature	creative	general	0	When in doubt, tell the truth.
literature	creative	general	0	When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
literature	creative	general	0	When you are about to die, a wombat is better than no company at all.
literature	creative	general	0	Whenever the literary German dives into a sentence, that is the last you are going to see of him until he emerges on the other side of his Atlantic with his verb in his mouth.
literature	creative	general	0	Whenever you find that you are on the side of the majority, it is time to reform.
literature	creative	general	0	Whoever has lived long enough to find out what life is, knows how deep a debt of gratitude we owe to Adam, the first great benefactor of our race. He brought death into the world.
literature	creative	general	0	Why is it that we rejoice at a birth and grieve at a funeral? It is because we are not the person involved.
literature	creative	general	0	Work consists of whatever a body is obliged to do. Play consists of whatever a body is not obliged to do.
literature	creative	general	0	Wrinkles should merely indicate where smiles have been.
literature	creative	general	0	Writing is easy; all you do is sit staring at the blank sheet of paper until drops of blood form on your forehead.
literature	creative	general	0	Writing is turning one's worst moments into money.
literature	creative	general	0	"You have been in Afghanistan, I perceive."
literature	creative	general	0	"You have heard me speak of Professor Moriarty?" "The famous scientific criminal, as famous among crooks as --" "My blushes, Watson," Holmes murmured, in a deprecating voice. "I was about to say 'as he is unknown to the public.'"
literature	creative	general	0	You may my glories and my state dispose, But not my griefs; still am I king of those.
literature	creative	general	0	You mentioned your name as if I should recognize it, but beyond the obvious facts that you are a bachelor, a solicitor, a freemason, and an asthmatic, I know nothing whatever about you.
literature	creative	general	0	You never have to change anything you got up in the middle of the night to write.
literature	creative	general	0	You tread upon my patience.
literature	creative	general	0	You will remember, Watson, how the dreadful business of the Abernetty family was first brought to my notice by the depth which the parsley had sunk into the butter upon a hot day.
literature	creative	general	0	Your manuscript is both good and original, but the part that is good is not original and the part that is original is not good.
literature	creative	general	0	Zounds! I was never so bethumped with words since I first called my brother's father dad.
literature	creative	general	0	The mind is its own place, and in itself Can make a Heav'n of Hell, a Hell of Heav'n.
literature	creative	general	0	"I understand this is your first dead client," Sabian was saying. The absurdity of the statement made me want to laugh but they don't call me Deadpan Allie and lie.
literature	creative	general	0	I got a hint of things to come when I overheard my boss lamenting, 'The books are done and we still don't have an author! I must sign someone today!
literature	creative	general	0	"It is an established fact that 99.83% conversations on block chain are non-consentual" -Cory Doctorow, "The Internet Con"
art	creative	general	0	A "critic" is a man who creates nothing and thereby feels qualified to judge the work of creative men. There is logic in this; he is unbiased -- he hates all creative people equally.
art	creative	general	0	A celebrity is a person who is known for his well-knownness.
art	creative	general	0	A copy of the universe is not what is required of art; one of the damned things is ample.
art	creative	general	0	A critic is a bundle of biases held loosely together by a sense of taste.
art	creative	general	0	A diva who specializes in risque arias is an off-coloratura soprano.
art	creative	general	0	A drama critic is a person who surprises a playwright by informing him what he meant.
art	creative	general	0	A fool-proof method for sculpting an elephant: first, get a huge block of marble; then you chip away everything that doesn't look like an elephant.
art	creative	general	0	A hard-luck actor who appeared in one colossal disaster after another finally got a break, a broken leg to be exact. Someone pointed out that it's the first time the poor fellow's been in the same cast for more than a week.
art	creative	general	0	A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
art	creative	general	0	A musical reviewer admitted he always praised the first show of a new theatrical season. "Who am I to stone the first cast?"
art	creative	general	0	A poet who reads his verse in public may have other nasty habits.
art	creative	general	0	A sequel is an admission that you've been reduced to imitating yourself.
art	creative	general	0	A shy teenage boy finally worked up the nerve to give a gift to Madonna, a young puppy. It hitched its waggin' to a star.
art	creative	general	0	A team effort is a lot of people doing what I say.
art	creative	general	0	A true artist will let his wife starve, his children go barefoot, his mother drudge for his living at seventy, sooner than work at anything but his art.
art	creative	general	0	A writer is congenitally unable to tell the truth and that is why we call what he writes fiction.
art	creative	general	0	A yawn is a silent shout.
art	creative	general	0	Acting is an art which consists of keeping the audience from coughing.
art	creative	general	0	Acting is not very hard. The most important things are to be able to laugh and cry. If I have to cry, I think of my sex life. And if I have to laugh, well, I think of my sex life.
art	creative	general	0	Actors will happen even in the best-regulated families.
art	creative	general	0	Actresses will happen in the best regulated families.
art	creative	general	0	Adding sound to movies would be like putting lipstick on the Venus de Milo. -- actress Mary Pickford, 1925
art	creative	general	0	Adhere to your own act, and congratulate yourself if you have done something strange and extravagant, and broken the monotony of a decorous age.
art	creative	general	0	After a few boring years, socially meaningful rock 'n' roll died out. It was replaced by disco, which offers no guidance to any form of life more advanced than the lichen family.
art	creative	general	0	Alex Haley was adopted!
art	creative	general	0	All art is but imitation of nature.
art	creative	general	0	An actor's a guy who if you ain't talkin' about him, ain't listening.
art	creative	general	0	An artist should be fit for the best society and keep out of it.
art	creative	general	0	Any fool can paint a picture, but it takes a wise person to be able to sell it.
art	creative	general	0	"Are you police officers?" "No, ma'am. We're musicians."
art	creative	general	0	Art is a jealous mistress.
art	creative	general	0	Art is a lie which makes us realize the truth.
art	creative	general	0	Art is anything you can get away with.
art	creative	general	0	Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
art	creative	general	0	Art is Nature speeded up and God slowed down.
art	creative	general	0	Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.
art	creative	general	0	As a goatherd learns his trade by goat, so a writer learns his trade by wrote.
art	creative	general	0	Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamp-post how it feels about dogs.
art	creative	general	0	Authors (and perhaps columnists) eventually rise to the top of whatever depths they were once able to plumb.
art	creative	general	0	Authors are easy to get on with -- if you're fond of children.
art	creative	general	0	Badges? We ain't got no badges! We don't need no badges. I don't have to show you any stinkin' badges! -- "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre"
art	creative	general	0	Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work.
art	creative	general	0	Being a mime means never having to say you're sorry.
art	creative	general	0	"Being disintegrated makes me ve-ry an-gry!" <huff, huff>
art	creative	general	0	Ben, why didn't you tell me?
art	creative	general	0	"Benson, you are so free of the ravages of intelligence"
art	creative	general	0	BS: You remind me of a man. B: What man? BS: The man with the power. B: What power? BS: The power of voodoo. B: Voodoo? BS: You do. B: Do what? BS: Remind me of a man. B: What man? BS: The man with the power...
art	creative	general	0	Burnt Sienna. That's the best thing that ever happened to Crayolas.
art	creative	general	0	But if you wish at once to do nothing and to be respectable nowadays, the best pretext is to be at work on some profound study.
art	creative	general	0	But you shall not escape my iambics.
art	creative	general	0	Can't act. Slightly bald. Also dances. -- RKO executive, reacting to Fred Astaire's screen test. Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"
art	creative	general	0	Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
art	creative	general	0	Darth Vader sleeps with a Teddywookie.
art	creative	general	0	Darth Vader! Only you would be so bold!
art	creative	general	0	Did you know that the voice tapes easily identify the Russian pilot that shot down the Korean jet? At one point he definitely states: "Natasha! First we shoot jet, then we go after moose and squirrel." -- ihuxw!tommyo
art	creative	general	0	Disco is to music what Etch-A-Sketch is to art.
art	creative	general	0	Don't everyone thank me at once!
art	creative	general	0	Dustin Farnum: Why, yesterday, I had the audience glued to their seats! Oliver Herford: Wonderful! Wonderful! Clever of you to think of it!
art	creative	general	0	Dying is easy. Comedy is difficult.
art	creative	general	0	E.T. GO HOME!!! (And take your Smurfs with you.)
art	creative	general	0	Ed Sullivan will be around as long as someone else has talent.
art	creative	general	0	Eeny, Meeny, Jelly Beanie, the spirits are about to speak!
art	creative	general	0	Elwood: What kind of music do you get here ma'am? Barmaid: Why, we get both kinds of music, Country and Western.
art	creative	general	0	Ever get the feeling that the world's on tape and one of the reels is missing?
art	creative	general	0	Everyone is in the best seat.
art	creative	general	0	Fame lost its appeal for me when I went into a public restroom and an autograph seeker handed me a pen and paper under the stall door.
art	creative	general	0	Fast ship? You mean you've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?
art	creative	general	0	"First things first -- but not necessarily in that order"
art	creative	general	0	Fools rush in -- and get the best seats in the house.
art	creative	general	0	For the next hour, WE will control all that you see and hear.
art	creative	general	0	Forms follow function, and often obliterate it.
art	creative	general	0	FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #3 MIRACLE ON 42ND STREET: Santa Claus, in the off season, follows his heart's desire and tries to make it big on Broadway. Santa sings and dances his way into your heart.
art	creative	general	0	FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #9 THE PARKING PROBLEM IN PARIS: Jean-Luc Godard, 1971, 7 hours 18 min. Godard's meditation on the topic has been described as everything from "timeless" to "endless." (Remade by Gene Wilder as NO PLACE TO PARK.)
art	creative	general	0	FORTUNE'S FUN FACTS TO KNOW AND TELL: #37 Can you name the seven seas? Antarctic, Arctic, North Atlantic, South Atlantic, Indian, North Pacific, South Pacific. Can you name the seven dwarfs from Snow White? Doc, Dopey, Sneezy, Happy, Grumpy, Sleepy and Bashful.
art	creative	general	0	Fremen add life to spice!
art	creative	general	0	FROM THE DESK OF Dorothy Gale Auntie Em: Hate you. Hate Kansas. Taking the dog. Dorothy
art	creative	general	0	Gauls! We have nothing to fear; except perhaps that the sky may fall on our heads tomorrow. But as we all know, tomorrow never comes!!
art	creative	general	0	Go ahead... make my day.
art	creative	general	0	God help the troubadour who tries to be a star. The more that you try to find success, the more that you will fail.
art	creative	general	0	God save us from a bad neighbor and a beginner on the fiddle.
art	creative	general	0	Good night, Mrs. Calabash, wherever you are.
art	creative	general	0	Governor Tarkin. I should have expected to find you holding Vader's leash. I thought I recognized your foul stench when I was brought on board.
art	creative	general	0	GREAT MOMENTS IN AMERICAN HISTORY (#1): On November 13, Felix Unger was asked to remove himself from his place of residence.
art	creative	general	0	Grig (the navigator): ... so you see, it's just the two of us against the entire space armada. Alex (the gunner): What?!? Grig: I've always wanted to fight a desperate battle against overwhelming odds. Alex: It'll be a slaughter! Grig: That's the spirit!
art	creative	general	0	H. L. Mencken suffers from the hallucination that he is H. L. Mencken -- there is no cure for a disease of that magnitude.
art	creative	general	0	"Hawk, we're going to die." "Never say die... and certainly never say we." -- M*A*S*H
art	creative	general	0	He played the king as if afraid someone else would play the ace.
art	creative	general	0	He was a fiddler, and consequently a rogue.
art	creative	general	0	"Hello," he lied.
art	creative	general	0	Hello. Jim Rockford's machine, this is Larry Doheny's machine. Will you please have your master call my master at his convenience? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. -- "The Rockford Files"
art	creative	general	0	Hi Jimbo. Dennis. Really appreciate the help on the income tax. You wanna help on the audit now? -- "The Rockford Files"
art	creative	general	0	Hollywood is where if you don't have happiness you send out for it.
art	creative	general	0	Holy Dilemma! Is this the end for the Caped Crusader and the Boy Wonder? Will the Joker and the Riddler have the last laugh? Tune in again tomorrow: same Bat-time, same Bat-channel!
art	creative	general	0	How wonderful opera would be if there were no singers.
art	creative	general	0	Hummingbirds never remember the words to songs.
art	creative	general	0	Humpty Dumpty was pushed.
art	creative	general	0	I accept chaos. I am not sure whether it accepts me. I know some people are terrified of the bomb. But then some people are terrified to be seen carrying a modern screen magazine. Experience teaches us that silence terrifies people the most.
art	creative	general	0	I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human.
art	creative	general	0	I believe that the moment is near when by a procedure of active paranoiac thought, it will be possible to systematize confusion and contribute to the total discrediting of the world of reality.
art	creative	general	0	I can't understand why a person will take a year or two to write a novel when he can easily buy one for a few dollars.
art	creative	general	0	I didn't do it! Nobody saw me do it! Can't prove anything!
art	creative	general	0	I didn't like the play, but I saw it under adverse conditions. The curtain was up.
art	creative	general	0	I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to.
art	creative	general	0	I dread success. To have succeeded is to have finished one's business on earth, like the male spider, who is killed by the female the moment he has succeeded in his courtship. I like a state of continual becoming, with a goal in front and not behind.
art	creative	general	0	I had another dream the other day about music critics. They were small and rodent-like with padlocked ears, as if they had stepped out of a painting by Goya.
art	creative	general	0	I have a very strange feeling about this...
art	creative	general	0	"I have come up with a sure-fire concept for a hit television show, which would be called `A Live Celebrity Gets Eaten by a Shark'."
art	creative	general	0	I have had my television aerials removed. It's the moral equivalent of a prostate operation.
art	creative	general	0	I have more humility in my little finger than you have in your whole BODY! -- from "Cerebus" #82
art	creative	general	0	I knew her before she was a virgin.
art	creative	general	0	I never failed to convince an audience that the best thing they could do was to go away.
art	creative	general	0	I never made a mistake in my life. I thought I did once, but I was wrong.
art	creative	general	0	I often quote myself; it adds spice to my conversation.
art	creative	general	0	I recognize terror as the finest emotion and so I will try to terrorize the reader. But if I find that I cannot terrify, I will try to horrify, and if I find that I cannot horrify, I'll go for the gross-out.
art	creative	general	0	I remember Ulysses well... Left one day for the post office to mail a letter, met a blonde named Circe on the streetcar, and didn't come back for 20 years.
art	creative	general	0	I saw Lassie. It took me four shows to figure out why the hairy kid never spoke. I mean, he could roll over and all that, but did that deserve a series?
art	creative	general	0	I stick my neck out for nobody.
art	creative	general	0	I stopped believing in Santa Claus when I was six. Mother took me to see him in a department store and he asked for my autograph.
art	creative	general	0	I suggest a new strategy, Artoo: let the Wookie win.
art	creative	general	0	"I suppose you expect me to talk." "No, Mr. Bond. I expect you to die."
art	creative	general	0	I think we're in trouble.
art	creative	general	0	I think... I think it's in my basement... Let me go upstairs and check.
art	creative	general	0	I truly wish I could be a great surgeon or philosopher or author or anything constructive, but in all honesty I'd rather turn up my amplifier full blast and drown myself in the noise.
art	creative	general	0	I used to be disgusted, now I find I'm just amused.
art	creative	general	0	I watch television because you don't know what it will do if you leave it in the room alone.
art	creative	general	0	I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it. If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it. It's the truth.
art	creative	general	0	I went to a Grateful Dead Concert and they played for SEVEN hours. Great song.
art	creative	general	0	I WISH I HAD A KRYPTONITE CROSS, because then you could keep both Dracula and Superman away.
art	creative	general	0	I wish there was a knob on the TV to turn up the intelligence. There's a knob called "brightness", but it doesn't seem to work.
art	creative	general	0	I'd just as soon kiss a Wookie.
art	creative	general	0	I'll be Grateful when they're Dead.
art	creative	general	0	I'll never get off this planet.
art	creative	general	0	I'm a Hollywood writer; so I put on a sports jacket and take off my brain.
art	creative	general	0	I'm not a real movie star -- I've still got the same wife I started out with twenty-eight years ago.
art	creative	general	0	I've got a very bad feeling about this.
art	creative	general	0	If *I* had a hammer, there'd be no more folk singers.
art	creative	general	0	If all the world's a stage, I want to operate the trap door.
art	creative	general	0	If Beethoven's Seventh Symphony is not by some means abridged, it will soon fall into disuse.
art	creative	general	0	If dolphins are so smart, why did Flipper work for television?
art	creative	general	0	If God didn't mean for us to juggle, tennis balls wouldn't come three to a can.
art	creative	general	0	If God had intended Man to Watch TV, He would have given him Rabbit Ears.
art	creative	general	0	If I had any humility I would be perfect.
art	creative	general	0	If I had done everything I'm credited with, I'd be speaking to you from a laboratory jar at Harvard.
art	creative	general	0	If I have to lay an egg for my country, I'll do it.
art	creative	general	0	If it ain't baroque, don't phiques it.
art	creative	general	0	If life is a stage, I want some better lighting.
art	creative	general	0	If you are of the opinion that the contemplation of suicide is sufficient evidence of a poetic nature, do not forget that actions speak louder than words.
art	creative	general	0	If you have to ask what jazz is, you'll never know.
art	creative	general	0	If you lose a son you can always get another, but there's only one Maltese Falcon.
art	creative	general	0	If you think the pen is mightier than the sword, the next time someone pulls out a sword I'd like to see you get up there with your Bic.
art	creative	general	0	If you want to get rich from writing, write the sort of thing that's read by persons who move their lips when the're reading to themselves.
art	creative	general	0	Imitation is the sincerest form of television.
art	creative	general	0	Immature artists imitate, mature artists steal.
art	creative	general	0	Immature poets imitate, mature poets steal.
art	creative	general	0	In Hollywood, all marriages are happy. It's trying to live together afterwards that causes the problems.
art	creative	general	0	In Hollywood, if you don't have happiness, you send out for it.
art	creative	general	0	In just seven days, I can make you a man!
art	creative	general	0	In my experience, if you have to keep the lavatory door shut by extending your left leg, it's modern architecture.
art	creative	general	0	In Oz, never say "krizzle kroo" to a Woozy.
art	creative	general	0	In the force if Yoda's so strong, construct a sentence with words in the proper order then why can't he?
art	creative	general	0	It is a sobering thought that when Mozart was my age, he had been dead for two years.
art	creative	general	0	It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper.
art	creative	general	0	It is up to us to produce better-quality movies.
art	creative	general	0	It just doesn't seem right to go over the river and through the woods to Grandmother's condo.
art	creative	general	0	It looks like it's up to me to save our skins. Get into that garbage chute, flyboy!
art	creative	general	0	It proves what they say, give the public what they want to see and they'll come out for it.
art	creative	general	0	It took me fifteen years to discover that I had no talent for writing, but I couldn't give it up because by that time I was too famous.
art	creative	general	0	It was a book to kill time for those who liked it better dead.
art	creative	general	0	It'll be just like Beggars' Canyon back home.
art	creative	general	0	It's all right letting yourself go as long as you can let yourself back.
art	creative	general	0	It's clever, but is it art?
art	creative	general	0	It's difficult to see the picture when you are inside the frame.
art	creative	general	0	It's from Casablanca. I've been waiting all my life to use that line.
art	creative	general	0	"It's kind of fun to do the impossible."
art	creative	general	0	It's more than magnificent -- it's mediocre.
art	creative	general	0	It's not easy, being green.
art	creative	general	0	It's not the valleys in life I dread so much as the dips.
art	creative	general	0	James Joyce -- an essentially private man who wished his total indifference to public notice to be universally recognized.
art	creative	general	0	James McNeill Whistler's (painter of "Whistler's Mother") failure in his West Point chemistry examination once provoked him to remark in later life, "If silicon had been a gas, I should have been a major general."
art	creative	general	0	Jim, it's Grace at the bank. I checked your Christmas Club account. You don't have five-hundred dollars. You have fifty. Sorry, computer foul-up! -- "The Rockford Files"
art	creative	general	0	Jim, it's Jack. I'm at the airport. I'm going to Tokyo and wanna pay you the five-hundred I owe you. Catch you next year when I get back! -- "The Rockford Files"
art	creative	general	0	Jim, this is Janelle. I'm flying tonight, so I can't make our date, and I gotta find a safe place for Daffy. He loves you, Jim! It's only two days, and you'll see. Great Danes are no problem! -- "The Rockford Files"
art	creative	general	0	Jim, this is Matty down at Ralph's and Mark's. Some guy named Angel Martin just ran up a fifty buck bar tab. And now he wants to charge it to you. You gonna pay it? -- "The Rockford Files"
art	creative	general	0	JOHN PAUL ELECTED POPE!! (George and Ringo miffed.)
art	creative	general	0	Just because you like my stuff doesn't mean I owe you anything.
art	creative	general	0	Just close your eyes, tap your heels together three times, and think to yourself, `There's no place like home.'
art	creative	general	0	Just once, I wish we would encounter an alien menace that wasn't immune to bullets.
art	creative	general	0	Lay off the muses, it's a very tough dollar.
art	creative	general	0	Lensmen eat Jedi for breakfast.
art	creative	general	0	Life is like arriving late for a movie, having to figure out what was going on without bothering everybody with a lot of questions, and then being unexpectedly called away before you find out how it ends.
art	creative	general	0	Linus: Hi! I thought it was you. I've been watching you from way off... You're looking great! Snoopy: That's nice to know. The secret of life is to look good at a distance.
art	creative	general	0	Linus: I guess it's wrong always to be worrying about tomorrow. Maybe we should think only about today. Charlie Brown: No, that's giving up. I'm still hoping that yesterday will get better.
art	creative	general	0	Live fast, die young, and leave a good looking corpse.
art	creative	general	0	Live from New York ... It's Saturday Night!
art	creative	general	0	Love thy neighbor, tune thy piano.
art	creative	general	0	Lucy: Dance, dance, dance. That is all you ever do. Can't you be serious for once? Snoopy: She is right! I think I had better think of the more important things in life! (pause) Tomorrow!!
art	creative	general	0	Luke, I'm yer father, eh. Come over to the dark side, you hoser.
art	creative	general	0	Maj. Bloodnok: Seagoon, you're a coward! Seagoon: Only in the holiday season. Maj. Bloodnok: Ah, another Noel Coward!
art	creative	general	0	Mandrell: "You know what I think?" Doctor: "Ah, ah that's a catch question. With a brain your size you don't think, right?"
art	creative	general	0	Many of the characters are fools and they are always playing tricks on me and treating me badly.
art	creative	general	0	Maryel brought her bat into Exit once and started whacking people on the dance floor. Now everyone's doing it. It's called grand slam dancing.
art	creative	general	0	Mate, this parrot wouldn't VOOM if you put four million volts through it!
art	creative	general	0	"Microwave oven? Whaddya mean, it's a microwave oven? I've been watching Channel 4 on the thing for two weeks."
art	creative	general	0	Might as well be frank, monsieur. It would take a miracle to get you out of Casablanca and the Germans have outlawed miracles.
art	creative	general	0	Mike: "The Fourth Dimension is a shambles?" Bernie: "Nobody ever empties the ashtrays. People are SO inconsiderate."
art	creative	general	0	Minnie Mouse is a slow maze learner.
art	creative	general	0	Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade themselves that they have a better idea.
art	creative	general	0	Mos Eisley Spaceport; you will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy...
art	creative	general	0	Mr. Rockford, this is the Thomas Crown School of Dance and Contemporary Etiquette. We aren't going to call again! Now you want these free lessons or what? -- "The Rockford Files"
art	creative	general	0	Mr. Rockford? Miss Collins from the Bureau of Licenses. We got your renewal before the extended deadline but not your check. I'm sorry but at midnight you're no longer licensed as an investigator. -- "The Rockford Files"
art	creative	general	0	Mr. Rockford? This is Betty Joe Withers. I got four shirts of yours from the Bo Peep Cleaners by mistake. I don't know why they gave me men's shirts but they're going back. -- "The Rockford Files"
art	creative	general	0	Mr. Rockford? You don't know me, but I'd like to hire you. Could you call me at... My name is... uh... Never mind, forget it! -- "The Rockford Files"
art	creative	general	0	My advice to you, my violent friend, is to seek out gold and sit on it.
art	creative	general	0	"My life is a soap opera, but who has the rights?"
art	creative	general	0	My tears stuck in their little ducts, refusing to be jerked.
art	creative	general	0	No Civil War picture ever made a nickel. -- MGM executive Irving Thalberg to Louis B. Mayer about film rights to "Gone With the Wind". Cerf/Navasky, "The Experts Speak"
art	creative	general	0	No house should ever be on any hill or on anything. It should be of the hill, belonging to it.
art	creative	general	0	No poet or novelist wishes he was the only one who ever lived, but most of them wish they were the only one alive, and quite a number fondly believe their wish has been granted.
art	creative	general	0	No two persons ever read the same book.
art	creative	general	0	"No, `Eureka' is Greek for `This bath is too hot.'"
art	creative	general	0	Nobody can be exactly like me. Sometimes even I have trouble doing it.
art	creative	general	0	NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION!
art	creative	general	0	No one ever built a statue to a critic.
art	creative	general	0	Not all who own a harp are harpers.
art	creative	general	0	Oh Dad! We're ALL Devo!
art	creative	general	0	Oh, Aunty Em, it's so good to be home!
art	creative	general	0	Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
art	creative	general	0	Old musicians never die, they just decompose.
art	creative	general	0	Once, I read that a man be never stronger than when he truly realizes how weak he is.
art	creative	general	0	One big pile is better than two little piles.
art	creative	general	0	Oprah Winfrey has an incredible talent for getting the weirdest people to talk to. And you just HAVE to watch it. "Blind, masochistic minority, crippled, depressed, government latrine diggers, and the women who love them too much on the next Oprah Winfrey."
art	creative	general	0	Penn's aunts made great apple pies at low prices. No one else in town could compete with the pie rates of Penn's aunts.
art	creative	general	0	People in general do not willingly read if they have anything else to amuse them.
art	creative	general	0	Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy poetry without a certain unsoundness of mind.
art	creative	general	0	Plato, by the way, wanted to banish all poets from his proposed Utopia because they were liars. The truth was that Plato knew philosophers couldn't compete successfully with poets.
art	creative	general	0	Playing an unamplified electric guitar is like strumming on a picnic table.
art	creative	general	0	Please, won't somebody tell me what diddie-wa-diddie means?
art	creative	general	0	Prizes are for children.
art	creative	general	0	Public use of any portable music system is a virtually guaranteed indicator of sociopathic tendencies.
art	creative	general	0	Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.
art	creative	general	0	Pure drivel tends to drive ordinary drivel off the TV screen.
art	creative	general	0	Rascal, am I? Take THAT!
art	creative	general	0	Rembrandt is not to be compared in the painting of character with our extraordinarily gifted English artist, Mr. Rippingille.
art	creative	general	0	"Rembrandt's first name was Beauregard, which is why he never used it."
art	creative	general	0	Satire is tragedy plus time.
art	creative	general	0	Satire is what closes in New Haven.
art	creative	general	0	Satire is what closes Saturday night.
art	creative	general	0	'Scuse me, while I kiss the sky!
art	creative	general	0	She ran the gamut of emotions from 'A' to 'B'.
art	creative	general	0	"She said, `I know you ... you cannot sing'. I said, `That's nothing, you should hear me play piano.'"
art	creative	general	0	She was good at playing abstract confusion in the same way a midget is good at being short.
art	creative	general	0	Shhh... be vewy, vewy, quiet! I'm hunting wabbits...
art	creative	general	0	Show business is just like high school, except you get paid.
art	creative	general	0	Sir, it's very possible this asteroid is not stable.
art	creative	general	0	Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art.
art	creative	general	0	Smile! You're on Candid Camera.
art	creative	general	0	Snakes. Why did it have to be snakes?
art	creative	general	0	Snoopy: No problem is so big that it can't be run away from.
art	creative	general	0	Some men who fear that they are playing second fiddle aren't in the band at all.
art	creative	general	0	Some performers on television appear to be horrible people, but when you finally get to know them in person, they turn out to be even worse.
art	creative	general	0	"Spare no expense to save money on this one."
art	creative	general	0	"Surely you can't be serious." "I am serious, and stop calling me Shirley." -- "Airplane"
art	creative	general	0	Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
art	creative	general	0	Tallulah Bankhead barged down the Nile last night as Cleopatra and sank.
art	creative	general	0	Television -- the longest amateur night in history.
art	creative	general	0	Television has brought back murder into the home -- where it belongs.
art	creative	general	0	Television has proved that people will look at anything rather than each other.
art	creative	general	0	Television is a medium because anything well done is rare. -- attributed to both Fred Allen and Ernie Kovacs
art	creative	general	0	Television is now so desperately hungry for material that it is scraping the top of the barrel.
art	creative	general	0	Ten years of rejection slips is nature's way of telling you to stop writing.
art	creative	general	0	That's no moon...
art	creative	general	0	The Angels want to wear my red shoes.
art	creative	general	0	The best definition of a gentleman is a man who can play the accordion -- but doesn't.
art	creative	general	0	The cable TV sex channels don't expand our horizons, don't make us better people, and don't come in clearly enough.
art	creative	general	0	The covers of this book are too far apart. -- Book review by Ambrose Bierce.
art	creative	general	0	The difference between waltzes and disco is mostly one of volume.
art	creative	general	0	The faster we go, the rounder we get.
art	creative	general	0	The first thing I do in the morning is brush my teeth and sharpen my tongue.
art	creative	general	0	The Great Movie Posters: An AVALANCHE of KILLER WORMS! -- Squirm (1976) Most Movies Live Less Than Two Hours. This Is One of Everlasting Torment! -- The New House on the Left (1977) WE ARE GOING TO EAT YOU! -- Zombie (1980) It's not human and it's got an axe.
art	creative	general	0	The Hollywood tradition I like best is called "sucking up to the stars."
art	creative	general	0	The horror... the horror!
art	creative	general	0	The human animal differs from the lesser primates in his passion for lists of "Ten Best".
art	creative	general	0	The human brain is a wonderful thing. It starts working the moment you are born, and never stops until you stand up to speak in public.
art	creative	general	0	"The human brain is like an enormous fish -- it is flat and slimy and has gills through which it can see."
art	creative	general	0	The key to building a superstar is to keep their mouth shut. To reveal an artist to the people can be to destroy him. It isn't to anyone's advantage to see the truth.
art	creative	general	0	The last vestiges of the old Republic have been swept away.
art	creative	general	0	The mome rath isn't born that could outgrabe me.
art	creative	general	0	The old complaint that mass culture is designed for eleven-year-olds is of course a shameful canard. The key age has traditionally been more like fourteen.
art	creative	general	0	The older I grow, the less important the comma becomes. Let the reader catch his own breath.
art	creative	general	0	The only "ism" Hollywood believes in is plagiarism.
art	creative	general	0	The only real advantage to punk music is that nobody can whistle it.
art	creative	general	0	The plot was designed in a light vein that somehow became varicose.
art	creative	general	0	The profession of book writing makes horse racing seem like a solid, stable business.
art	creative	general	0	The Ranger isn't gonna like it, Yogi.
art	creative	general	0	The real trouble with reality is that there's no background music.
art	creative	general	0	The story you are about to hear is true. Only the names have been changed to protect the innocent.
art	creative	general	0	The streets were dark with something more than night.
art	creative	general	0	The sun never sets on those who ride into it.
art	creative	general	0	The trouble with superheros is what to do between phone booths.
art	creative	general	0	The typewriting machine, when played with expression, is no more annoying than the piano when played by a sister or near relation.
art	creative	general	0	The ultimate game show will be the one where somebody gets killed at the end.
art	creative	general	0	The world has many unintentionally cruel mechanisms that are not designed for people who walk on their hands.
art	creative	general	0	There are three reasons for becoming a writer: the first is that you need the money; the second that you have something to say that you think the world should know; the third is that you can't think what to do with the long winter evenings.
art	creative	general	0	There are three rules for writing a novel. Unfortunately, no one knows what they are.
art	creative	general	0	There are two ways of disliking art. One is to dislike it. The other is to like it rationally.
art	creative	general	0	There are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope.
art	creative	general	0	There is much Obi-Wan did not tell you.
art	creative	general	0	There is nothing wrong with writing ... as long as it is done in private and you wash your hands afterward.
art	creative	general	0	There is only one thing in the world worse than being talked about, and that is not being talked about.
art	creative	general	0	There's nothing remarkable about it. All one has to do is hit the right keys at the right time and the instrument plays itself.
art	creative	general	0	There's nothing to writing. All you do is sit at a typewriter and open a vein.
art	creative	general	0	There's something the technicians need to learn from the artists. If it isn't aesthetically pleasing, it's probably wrong.
art	creative	general	0	There's such a thing as too much point on a pencil.
art	creative	general	0	They can't stop us... we're on a mission from God!
art	creative	general	0	This door is baroquen, please wiggle Handel. (If I wiggle Handel, will it wiggle Bach?) -- Found on a door in the MSU music building
art	creative	general	0	This is the LAST time I take travel suggestions from Ray Bradbury!
art	creative	general	0	This is the Baron. Angel Martin tells me you buy information. Ok, meet me at one a.m. behind the bus depot, bring five-hundred dollars and come alone. I'm serious! -- "The Rockford Files"
art	creative	general	0	This novel is not to be tossed lightly aside, but to be hurled with great force.
art	creative	general	0	This unit... must... survive.
art	creative	general	0	This wasn't just plain terrible, this was fancy terrible. This was terrible with raisins in it.
art	creative	general	0	Three actors, Tom, Fred, and Cec, wanted to do the jousting scene from Don Quixote for a local TV show. "I'll play the title role," proposed Tom. "Fred can portray Sancho Panza, and Cecil B. De Mille."
art	creative	general	0	Three hours a day will produce as much as a man ought to write.
art	creative	general	0	To be is to do. -- I. Kant To do is to be.
art	creative	general	0	Today you'll start getting heavy metal radio on your dentures.
art	creative	general	0	Today's thrilling story has been brought to you by Mushies, the great new cereal that gets soggy even without milk or cream. Join us soon for more spectacular adventure starring... Tippy, the Wonder Dog!
art	creative	general	0	"Today, of course, it is considered very poor taste to use the F-word except in major motion pictures."
art	creative	general	0	Traveling through hyperspace isn't like dusting crops, boy.
art	creative	general	0	Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
art	creative	general	0	"Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense."
art	creative	general	0	TV is chewing gum for the eyes.
art	creative	general	0	Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking, unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book.
art	creative	general	0	Use an accordion. Go to jail.
art	creative	general	0	Use what talents you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
art	creative	general	0	Very few people do anything creative after the age of thirty-five. The reason is that very few people do anything creative before the age of thirty-five.
art	creative	general	0	Watch all-night Donna Reed reruns until your mind resembles oatmeal.
art	creative	general	0	Watch your mouth, kid, or you'll find yourself floating home.
art	creative	general	0	We don't like their sound. Groups of guitars are on the way out.
art	creative	general	0	We have art that we do not die of the truth.
art	creative	general	0	We'll be recording at the Paradise Friday night. Live, on the Death label.
art	creative	general	0	We'll know that rock is dead when you have to get a degree to work in it.
art	creative	general	0	We're only in it for the volume.
art	creative	general	0	"Well, if you can't believe what you read in a comic book, what *can* you believe?!"
art	creative	general	0	"Well, it's garish, ugly, and derelicts have used it for a toilet. The rides are dilapidated to the point of being lethal, and could easily maim or kill innocent little children." "Oh, so you don't like it?" "Don't like it? I'm CRAZY for it."
art	creative	general	0	"Well, that was a piece of cake, eh K-9?" "Piece of cake, Master? Radial slice of baked confection ... coefficient of relevance to Key of Time: zero."
art	creative	general	0	Wharbat darbid yarbou sarbay?
art	creative	general	0	What a bonanza! An unknown beginner to be directed by Lubitsch, in a script by Wilder and Brackett, and to play with Paramount's two superstars, Gary Cooper and Claudette Colbert, and to be beaten up by both of them!
art	creative	general	0	What an artist dies with me!
art	creative	general	0	What an author likes to write most is his signature on the back of a cheque.
art	creative	general	0	"What are you watching?" "I don't know." "Well, what's happening?" "I'm not sure... I think the guy in the hat did something terrible." "Why are you watching it?" "You're so analytical. Sometimes you just have to let art flow over you."
art	creative	general	0	What did you bring that book I didn't want to be read to out of about Down Under up for?
art	creative	general	0	"What do you do when your real life exceeds your wildest fantasies?" "You keep it to yourself."
art	creative	general	0	What ever happened to happily ever after?
art	creative	general	0	What garlic is to food, insanity is to art.
art	creative	general	0	What no spouse of a writer can ever understand is that a writer is working when he's staring out the window.
art	creative	general	0	"What was the worst thing you've ever done?" "I won't tell you that, but I'll tell you the worst thing that ever happened to me... the most dreadful thing."
art	creative	general	0	When all else fails, try Kate Smith.
art	creative	general	0	When confronted by a difficult problem, you can solve it more easily by reducing it to the question, "How would the Lone Ranger handle this?"
art	creative	general	0	When in doubt, have a man come through the door with a gun in his hand.
art	creative	general	0	When one woman was asked how long she had been going to symphony concerts, she paused to calculate and replied, "Forty-seven years -- and I find I mind it less and less."
art	creative	general	0	Where is John Carson now that we need him?
art	creative	general	0	Whistler's mother is off her rocker.
art	creative	general	0	Who is D.B. Cooper, and where is he now?
art	creative	general	0	Who is John Galt?
art	creative	general	0	Who is W.O. Baker, and why is he saying those terrible things about me?
art	creative	general	0	Who was that masked man?
art	creative	general	0	Who's on first?
art	creative	general	0	Who's scruffy-looking?
art	creative	general	0	Why am I so soft in the middle when the rest of my life is so hard?
art	creative	general	0	"Why are we importing all these highbrow plays like `Amadeus'? I could have told you Mozart was a jerk for nothing."
art	creative	general	0	Why are you doing this to me? Because knowledge is torture, and there must be awareness before there is change.
art	creative	general	0	Why do we have two eyes? To watch 3-D movies with.
art	creative	general	0	Why you say you no bunny rabbit when you have little powder-puff tail?
art	creative	general	0	Working with Julie Andrews is like getting hit over the head with a valentine.
art	creative	general	0	Worth seeing? Yes, but not worth going to see.
art	creative	general	0	Would it help if I got out and pushed?
art	creative	general	0	Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
art	creative	general	0	Writing free verse is like playing tennis with the net down.
art	creative	general	0	Yeah, that's me, Tracer Bullet. I've got eight slugs in me. One's lead, the rest bourbon. The drink packs a wallop, and I pack a revolver. I'm a private eye. -- "Calvin & Hobbes"
art	creative	general	0	Yevtushenko has... an ego that can crack crystal at a distance of twenty feet.
art	creative	general	0	"You boys lookin' for trouble?" "Sure. Whaddya got?"
art	creative	general	0	You're all clear now, kid. Now blow this thing so we can all go home.
art	creative	general	0	"You've got to have a gimmick if your band sucks."
art	creative	general	0	Zero Mostel: That's it baby! When you got it, flaunt it! Flaunt it!
art	creative	general	0	Naked children have never played in _our_ fountains, and I.M. Pei will never be happy on Route 66. -- "Learning from Las Vegas", Robert Venturi, Denise Scott Brown, and Steven Izenour
art	creative	general	0	Sometimes I get the feeling that there are orgies going on all over New York City, and somebody says, "Let's call Desmond," and somebody else says, "Why bother? He's probably home reading the Encyclopedia Britannica."
art	creative	general	0	Rap music is just computerised crap. I listen to Top of the Pops and after three songs I feel like killing someone.
art	creative	general	0	I'm not sure how much writing happened. You know, let's play E minor and A for an hour or two. Oh, that sounds all right, that'll take up five minutes.
art	creative	general	0	Somebody set up us the bomb. -- Cut scene from the game "Zero Wing" -- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_your_base_are_belong_to_us
art	creative	general	0	All your base are belong to us. -- Cut scene from the game "Zero Wing" -- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_your_base_are_belong_to_us
art	creative	general	0	You have no chance to survive make your time. -- Cut scene from the game "Zero Wing" -- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_your_base_are_belong_to_us
art	creative	general	0	Move 'ZIG'. -- Cut scene from the game "Zero Wing" -- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_your_base_are_belong_to_us
art	creative	general	0	For great justice. -- Cut scene from the game "Zero Wing" -- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/All_your_base_are_belong_to_us
art	creative	general	0	One does not simply walk into Mordor. -- Boromir in the Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Rings 2001 film -- ( Made popular by snowcloned image macros. ) -- https://knowyourmeme.com/memes/one-does-not-simply-walk-into-mordor
art	creative	general	0	This is hilarious. First, people say how many actresses in Hollywood look too anorexic, and now they are criticizing me for looking too normal. -- Jennifer Lawrence (Unsourced) -- (I guess some people will always complain. -- Ed.)
art	creative	general	0	If God were a villain - he'd be me. -- Benedict in https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Last_Action_Hero
songs-poems	creative	general	0	100 buckets of bits on the bus 100 buckets of bits Take one down, short it to ground FF buckets of bits on the bus FF buckets of bits on the bus FF buckets of bits Take one down, short it to ground FE buckets of bits on the bus ad infinitum...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	99 blocks of crud on the disk, 99 blocks of crud! You patch a bug, and dump it again: 100 blocks of crud on the disk! 100 blocks of crud on the disk, 100 blocks of crud! You patch a bug, and dump it again: 101 blocks of crud on the disk! ...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	A bit of talcum Is always walcum
songs-poems	creative	general	0	A box without hinges, key, or lid, Yet golden treasure inside is hid.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	A bunch of the boys were whooping it in the Malemute saloon; The kid that handles the music box was hitting a jag-time tune; Back of the bar, in a solo game, sat Dangerous Dan McGrew, And watching his luck was his light-o'-love, the lady that's known as Lou.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	A cousin of mine once said about money, money is always there but the pockets change; it is not in the same pockets after a change, and that is all there is to say about money.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	A Elbereth Gilthoniel, silivren penna miriel o menel aglar elenath! Na chaered palan-diriel o galadhremmin ennorath, Fanuilos, le linnathon nef aear, si nef aearon!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	A little word of doubtful number, A foe to rest and peaceful slumber. If you add an "s" to this, Great is the metamorphosis. Plural is plural now no more, And sweet what bitter was before. What am I?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	A mighty creature is the germ, Though smaller than the pachyderm. His customary dwelling place Is deep within the human race. His childish pride he often pleases By giving people strange diseases. Do you, my poppet, feel infirm? You probably contain a germ.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	A robin redbreast in a cage Puts all Heaven in a rage.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	A truth that's told with bad intent Beats all the lies you can invent.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	After all my erstwhile dear, My no longer cherished, Need we say it was not love, Just because it perished?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Ah, but a man's grasp should exceed his reach, Or what's a heaven for ?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Ah, but the choice of dreams to live, there's the rub. For all dreams are not equal, some exit to nightmare most end with the dreamer But at least one must be lived ... and died.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Ah, my friends, from the prison, they ask unto me, "How good, how good does it feel to be free?" And I answer them most mysteriously: "Are birds free from the chains of the sky-way?"
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall, Aleph-null bottles of beer, You take one down, and pass it around, Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Alive without breath, As cold as death; Never thirsty, ever drinking, All in mail never clinking.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	All my friends are getting married, Yes, they're all growing old, They're all staying home on the weekend, They're all doing what they're told.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	All who joy would win Must share it -- Happiness was born a twin.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	An eye in a blue face Saw an eye in a green face. "That eye is like this eye" Said the first eye, "But in low place, Not in high place."
songs-poems	creative	general	0	And as we stand on the edge of darkness Let our chant fill the void That others may know In the land of the night The ship of the sun Is drawn by The grateful dead. -- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	And here I wait so patiently Waiting to find out what price You have to pay to get out of Going thru all of these things twice
songs-poems	creative	general	0	And I heard Jeff exclaim, As they strolled out of sight, "Merry Christmas to all -- You take credit cards, right?" -- "Outsiders" comic
songs-poems	creative	general	0	And if California slides into the ocean, Like the mystics and statistics say it will. I predict this motel will be standing, Until I've paid my bill.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	And if sometime, somewhere, someone asketh thee, "Who kilt thee?", tell them it 'twas the Doones of Bagworthy!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	And if you wonder, What I am doing, As I am heading for the sink. I am spitting out all the bitterness, Along with half of my last drink.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	And in the heartbreak years that lie ahead, Be true to yourself and the Grateful Dead.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	And miles to go before I sleep.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	And so it was, later, As the miller told his tale, That her face, at first just ghostly, Turned a whiter shade of pale.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	And the silence came surging softly backwards When the plunging hooves were gone...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	And this is good old Boston, The home of the bean and the cod, Where the Lowells talk only to Cabots, And the Cabots talk only to God.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	And we heard him exclaim As he started to roam: "I'm a hologram, kids, please don't try this at home!'"
songs-poems	creative	general	0	And... What in the world ever became of Sweet Jane? She's lost her sparkle, you see she isn't the same. Livin' on reds, vitamin C, and cocaine All a friend can say is "Ain't it a shame?"
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Angels we have heard on High Tell us to go out and Buy.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	April is the cruellest month...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Are there those in the land of the brave Who can tell me how I should behave When I am disgraced Because I erased A file I intended to save?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	As for the women, though we scorn and flout 'em, We may live with, but cannot live without 'em.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	As I was going up Punch Card Hill, Feeling worse and worser, There I met a C.R.T. And it drop't me a cursor. C.R.T., C.R.T., Phosphors light on you! If I had fifty hours a day I'd spend them all at you.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	As I was passing Project MAC, I met a Quux with seven hacks. Every hack had seven bugs; Every bug had seven manifestations; Every manifestation had seven symptoms. Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks, How many losses at Project MAC?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	As some day it may happen that a victim must be found I've got a little list -- I've got a little list Of society offenders who might well be underground And who never would be missed -- who never would be missed.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	At times discretion should be thrown aside, and with the foolish we should play the fool.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Azh nazg durbataluk, azh nazg gimbatul, Azh nazg thrakataluk agh burzum ishi krimpatul!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely get your Feet wet. Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your face.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Beauty is truth, truth beauty, that is all Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Because I do, Because I do not hope, Because I do not hope to survive Injustice from the Palace, death from the air, Because I do, only do, I continue...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Beneath this stone lies Murphy, They buried him today, He lived the life of Riley, While Riley was away.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Between the idea And the reality Between the motion And the act Falls the Shadow
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Big M, Little M, many mumbling mice Are making midnight music in the moonlight, Mighty nice!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Bit off more than my mind could chew, Shower or suicide, what do I do?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	But has any little atom, While a-sittin' and a-splittin', Ever stopped to think or CARE That E = m c**2 ?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	But I was there and I saw what you did, I saw it with my own two eyes. So you can wipe off that grin; I know where you've been-- It's all been a pack of lies!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	But scientists, who ought to know Assure us that it must be so. Oh, let us never, never doubt What nobody is sure about.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	But soft you, the fair Ophelia: Ope not thy ponderous and marble jaws, But get thee to a nunnery -- go! -- Mark "The Bard" Twain
songs-poems	creative	general	0	But, Mousie, thou art no thy lane, In proving foresight may be vain: The best laid schemes o' mice an' men Gang aft a-gley, An' lea'e us nought but grief and pain For promised joy.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	By the time you swear you're his, shivering and sighing and he vows his passion is infinite, undying
songs-poems	creative	general	0	By the yard, life is hard. By the inch, it's a cinch.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Calm down, it's only ones and zeroes, Calm down, it's only bits and bytes, Calm down, and speak to me in English, Please realize that I'm not one of your computerites.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain? Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes, A root or two, a torus and a node: The inverse of my verse, a null domain.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Charlie was a chemist, But Charlie is no more. For what he thought was H2O, Was H2SO4.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Children aren't happy without something to ignore, And that's what parents were created for.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Chivalry, Schmivalry! Roger the thief has a method he uses for sneaky attacks: Folks who are reading are Characteristically Always Forgetting to Guard their own bac ...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Come fill the cup and in the fire of spring Your winter garment of repentance fling. The bird of time has but a little way To flutter -- and the bird is on the wing.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Come live with me, and be my love, And we will some new pleasures prove Of golden sands, and crystal brooks, With silken lines, and silver hooks.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Come, every frustum longs to be a cone, And every vector dreams of matrices. Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze: It whispers of a more ergodic zone.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Come, let us hasten to a higher plane, Where dyads tread the fairy fields of Venn, Their indices bedecked from one to n, Commingled in an endless Markov chain!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Come, muse, let us sing of rats! -- From a poem by James Grainger, 1721-1767
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Coming to Stores Near You: 101 Grammatically Correct Popular Tunes Featuring: (You Aren't Anything but a) Hound Dog It Doesn't Mean a Thing If It Hasn't Got That Swing I'm Not Misbehaving And A Whole Lot More...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Confusion will be my epitaph as I walk a cracked and broken path If we make it we can all sit back and laugh but I fear that tomorrow we'll be crying.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Death comes on every passing breeze, He lurks in every flower; Each season has its own disease, Its peril -- every hour.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Declared guilty... of displaying feelings of an almost human nature.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Despising machines to a man, The Luddites joined up with the Klan, And ride out by night In a sheeting of white To lynch all the robots they can.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Didja' ever have to make up your mind, Pick up on one and leave the other behind, It's not often easy, and it's not often kind, Didja' ever have to make up your mind?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Disillusioned words like bullets bark, As human gods aim for their mark, Make everything from toy guns that spark To flesh-colored christs that glow in the dark. It's easy to see without looking too far That not much is really sacred.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Do your otters do the shimmy? Do they like to shake their tails? Do your wombats sleep in tophats? Is your garden full of snails?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Don't be concerned, it will not harm you, It's only me pursuing something I'm not sure of, Across my dreams, with nets of wonder, I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Don't lose Your head To gain a minute You need your head Your brains are in it.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Don't wake me up too soon... Gonna take a ride across the moon... You and me.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Drink and dance and laugh and lie Love, the reeling midnight through For tomorrow we shall die! (But, alas, we never do.)
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Easy come and easy go, some call me easy money, Sometimes life is full of laughs, and sometimes it ain't funny You may think that I'm a fool and sometimes that is true, But I'm goin' to heaven in a flash of fire, with or without you.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Endless the world's turn, endless the sun's spinning Endless the quest; I turn again, back to my own beginning, And here, find rest.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Es brilig war. Die schlichte Toven Wirrten und wimmelten in Waben; Und aller-mumsige Burggoven Dir mohmen Rath ausgraben.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Euch ist bekannt, was wir beduerfen; Wir wollen stark Getraenke schluerfen.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Even a man who is pure at heart, And says his prayers at night Can become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms, And the moon is full and bright.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Every love's the love before In a duller dress.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Everywhere you go you'll see them searching, Everywhere you turn you'll feel the pain, Everyone is looking for the answer, Well look again.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	F: When into a room I plunge, I Sometimes find some VIOLET FUNGI. Then I linger, darkly brooding On the poison they're exuding.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Families, when a child is born Want it to be intelligent. I, through intelligence, Having wrecked my whole life, Only hope the baby will prove Ignorant and stupid. Then he will crown a tranquil life By becoming a Cabinet Minister
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Fifteen men on a dead man's chest, Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum! Drink and the devil had done for the rest, Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Fifty flippant frogs Walked by on flippered feet And with their slime they made the time Unnaturally fleet.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Finality is death. Perfection is finality. Nothing is perfect. There are lumps in it.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Flying saucers on occasion Show themselves to human eyes. Aliens fume, put off invasion While they brand these tales as lies.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	For gin, in cruel Sober truth, Supplies the fuel For flaming youth.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	"Force is but might," the teacher said-- "That definition's just." The boy said naught but thought instead, Remembering his pounded head: "Force is not might but must!"
songs-poems	creative	general	0	From too much love of living, From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving, Whatever gods may be, That no life lives forever, That dead men rise up never, That even the weariest river winds somewhere safe to sea.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Get in touch with your feelings of hostility against the dying light.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Give me the avowed, the erect, the manly foe, Bold I can meet -- perhaps may turn his blow! But of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send, Save me, oh save me from the candid friend.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Give me your students, your secretaries, Your huddled writers yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your Selectric III's. Give these, the homeless, typist-tossed to me. I lift my disk beside the processor. -- Inscription on a Word Processor
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may be in owning a piece thereof.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Graphics blind the eyes. Audio files deafen the ear. Mouse clicks numb the fingers. Heuristics weaken the mind. Options wither the heart. The Guru observes the net but trusts his inner vision. He allows things to come and go. His heart is as open as the ether.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	H: If a 'GOBLIN (HOB) waylays you, Slice him up before he slays you. Nothing makes you look a slob Like running from a HOB'LIN (GOB).
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Half a bee, philosophically, must ipso facto half not be. But half the bee has got to be, vis-a-vis its entity. See? But can a bee be said to be or not to be an entire bee, When half the bee is not a bee, due to some ancient injury?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Hark, the Herald Tribune sings, Advertising wondrous things. Angels we have heard on High Tell us to go out and Buy.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Have you ever felt like a wounded cow halfway between an oven and a pasture? walking in a trance toward a pregnant seventeen-year-old housewife's two-day-old cookbook?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Have you seen how Sonny's burning, Like some bright erotic star, He lights up the proceedings, And raises the temperature.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	He thought he saw an albatross That fluttered 'round the lamp. He looked again and saw it was A penny postage stamp. "You'd best be getting home," he said, "The nights are rather damp."
songs-poems	creative	general	0	He who invents adages for others to peruse takes along rowboat when going on cruise.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	He who loses, wins the race, And parallel lines meet in space.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	He's been like a father to me, He's the only DJ you can get after three, I'm an all-night musician in a rock and roll band, And why he don't like me I don't understand.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Here I am again right where I know I shouldn't be I've been caught inside this trap too many times I must've walked these steps and said these words a thousand times before It seems like I know everybody's lines.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	HERE LIES LESTER MOORE SHOT 4 TIMES WITH A .44 NO LES NO MOORE -- tombstone, in Tombstone, AZ
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Hey dol! merry dol! ring a dong dillo! Ring a dong! hop along! fal lal the willow! Tom Bom, jolly Tom, Tom Bombadillo!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Hey! Come derry dol! Hop along, my hearties! Hobbits! Ponies all! We are fond of parties. Now let the fun begin! Let us sing together!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Hey! now! Come hoy now! Whither do you wander? Up, down, near or far, here, there or yonder? Sharp-ears, Wise-nose, Swish-tail and Bumpkin, White-socks my little lad, and old Fatty Lumpkin!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Hey, diddle, diddle the overflow pdl To get a little more stack; If that's not enough then you lose it all And have to pop all the way back.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Hickory Dickory Dock, The mice ran up the clock, The clock struck one, The others escaped with minor injuries.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Higgeldy Piggeldy, Hamlet of Elsinore Ruffled the critics by Dropping this bomb: "Phooey on Freud and his Psychoanalysis
songs-poems	creative	general	0	...his disciples lead him in; he just does the rest.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	History is curious stuff You'd think by now we had enough Yet the fact remains I fear They make more of it every year.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Ho! Ho! Ho! to the bottle I go To heal my heart and drown my woe. Rain may fall and wind may blow, And many miles be still to go, But under a tall tree I will lie, And let the clouds go sailing by.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Ho! Tom Bombadil, Tom Bombadillo! By water, wood and hill, by reed and willow, By fire, sun and moon, harken now and hear us! Come, Tom Bombadil, for our need is near us!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	How doth the little crocodile Improve his shining tail, And pour the waters of the Nile On every golden scale! How cheerfully he seems to grin, How neatly spreads his claws, And welcomes little fishes in, With gently smiling jaws!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	How doth the VAX's C-compiler Improve its object code. And even as we speak does it Increase the system load. How patiently it seems to run And spit out error flags, While users, with frustration, all Tear their clothes to rags.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall, Humpty Dumpty had a great fall! All the king's horses, And all the king's men, Had scrambled eggs for breakfast again!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I B M U B M We all B M For I B M!!!!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I can live without Someone I love But not without Someone I need. -- "Safety"
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I don't know what Descartes' got, But booze can do what Kant cannot.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I don't wanna argue, and I don't wanna fight, But there will definitely be a party tonight...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I don't want a pickle, I just wanna ride on my motorsickle. And I don't want to die, I just want to ride on my motorcy. Cle.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I have learned To spell hors d'oeuvres Which still grates on Some people's n'oeuvres.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I have lots of things in my pockets; None of them is worth anything. Sociopolitical whines aside, Gan you give me, gratis, free, The price of half a gallon Of Gallo extra bad And most of the bus fare home.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I have no doubt the Devil grins, As seas of ink I spatter. Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins-- The other kind don't matter.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I have that old biological urge, I have that old irresistible surge, I'm hungry.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I lately lost a preposition; It hid, I thought, beneath my chair And angrily I cried, "Perdition! Up from out of under there." Correctness is my vade mecum, And straggling phrases I abhor, And yet I wondered, "What should he come Up from out of under for?"
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's; I will not Reason and Compare; my business is to Create.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I owe, I owe, It's off to work I go...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I really hate this damned machine I wish that they would sell it. It never does quite what I want But only what I tell it.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	"I said, "Preacher, give me strength for round 5." He said,"What you need is to grow up, son." I said,"Growin' up leads to growin' old, And then to dying, and to me that don't sound like much fun."
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I saw a man pursuing the Horizon, 'Round and round they sped. I was disturbed at this, I accosted the man, "It is futile," I said. "You can never--" "You lie!" He cried, and ran on.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I see a bad moon rising. I see trouble on the way. I see earthquakes and lightnin' I see bad times today. Don't go 'round tonight, It's bound to take your life. There's a bad moon on the rise.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I see the eigenvalue in thine eye, I hear the tender tensor in thy sigh. Bernoulli would have been content to die Had he but known such a-squared cos 2(phi)!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I stood on the leading edge, The eastern seaboard at my feet. "Jump!" said Yoko Ono I'm too scared and good-looking, I cried. Go on and give it a try, Why prolong the agony, all men must die.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I think that I shall never hear A poem lovelier than beer. The stuff that Joe's Bar has on tap, With golden base and snowy cap. The stuff that I can drink all day Until my mem'ry melts away. Poems are made by fools, I fear But only Schlitz can make a beer.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I think that I shall never see A billboard lovely as a tree. Indeed, unless the billboards fall I'll never see a tree at all.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I was born in a barrel of butcher knives Trouble I love and peace I despise Wild horses kicked me in my side Then a rattlesnake bit me and he walked off and died.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I was eatin' some chop suey, With a lady in St. Louie, When there sudden comes a knockin' at the door. And that knocker, he says, "Honey, Roll this rocker out some money, Or your daddy shoots a baddie to the floor."
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I went home with a waitress, The way I always do. How I was I to know? She was with the Russians too. I was gambling in Havana, I took a little risk. Send lawyers, guns, and money, Dad, get me out of this.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I went over to my friend, he was eatin' a pickle. I said "Hi, what's happenin'?" He said "Nothin'." Try to sing this song with that kind of enthusiasm; As if you just squashed a cop.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I will not play at tug o' war. I'd rather play at hug o' war, Where everyone hugs Instead of tugs, Where everyone giggles And rolls on the rug, Where everyone kisses, And everyone grins, And everyone cuddles, And everyone wins.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I woke up a feelin' mean went down to play the slot machine the wheels turned round, and the letters read "Better head back to Tennessee Jed"
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I would like to know What I was fencing in And what I was fencing out.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I'd never cry if I did find A blue whale in my soup... Nor would I mind a porcupine Inside a chicken coop. Yes life is fine when things combine, Like ham in beef chow mein... But lord, this time I think I mind, They've put acid in my rain.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I'd rather laugh with the sinners, Than cry with the saints, The sinners are much more fun!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I'll see you... on the dark side of the moon...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I'm free -- and freedom tastes of reality.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I'm just as sad as sad can be! I've missed your special date. Please say that you're not mad at me My tax return is late.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	i'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart. -- e. e. cummings
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I'm very good at integral and differential calculus, I know the scientific names of beings animalculous; In short, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral, I am the very model of a modern Major-General.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I've been on this lonely road so long, Does anybody know where it goes, I remember last time the signs pointed home, A month ago.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I've finally found the perfect girl, I couldn't ask for more, She's deaf and dumb and over-sexed, And owns a liquor store.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I/O, I/O, It's off to disk I go, A bit or byte to read or write, I/O, I/O, I/O...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	I am not very happy acting pleased whenever prominent scientists overmagnify intellectual enlightenment
songs-poems	creative	general	0	IBM had a PL/I, Its syntax worse than JOSS; And everywhere this language went, It was a total loss.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, ... it expects what never was and never will be.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	If all be true that I do think, There be five reasons why one should drink; Good friends, good wine, or being dry, Or lest we should be by-and-by, Or any other reason why.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	If all the seas were ink, And all the reeds were pens, And all the skies were parchment, And all the men could write, These would not suffice To write down all the red tape Of this Government.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	If I promised you the moon and the stars, would you believe it?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	If I traveled to the end of the rainbow As Dame Fortune did intend, Murphy would be there to tell me The pot's at the other end.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	If she had not been cupric in her ions, Her shape ovoidal, Their romance might have flourished. But he built tetrahedral in his shape, His ions ferric, Love could not help but die, Uncatylised, inert, and undernourished.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	If you had just a minute to breathe, And they granted you one final wish, Would you ask for something Like another chance?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	If you stick a stock of liquor in your locker, It is slick to stick a lock upon your stock. Or some joker who is slicker, Will trick you of your liquor, If you fail to lock your liquor with a lock.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	If you're worried by earthquakes and nuclear war, As well as by traffic and crime, Consider how worry-free gophers are, Though living on burrowed time.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	In /users3 did Kubla Khan A stately pleasure dome decree, Where /bin, the sacred river ran Through Test Suites measureless to Man Down to a sunless C.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun. Find the fun and snap! The job's a game. And every task you undertake, becomes a piece of cake, a lark, a spree; it's very clear to see.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways. Our asymptotes no longer out of phase, We shall encounter, counting, face to face.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	In the dimestores and bus stations People talk of situations Read books repeat quotations Draw conclusions on the wall.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	In the land of the dark the Ship of the Sun is driven by the Grateful Dead.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	In this vale Of toil and sin Your head grows bald But not your chin.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure dome decree But only if the NFL to a franchise would agree.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Into love and out again, Thus I went and thus I go. Spare your voice, and hold your pen: Well and bitterly I know All the songs were ever sung, All the words were ever said; Could it be, when I was young, Someone dropped me on my head?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	It cannot be seen, cannot be felt, Cannot be heard, cannot be smelt. It lies behind stars and under hills, And empty holes it fills. It comes first and follows after, Ends life, kills laughter.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	It used to be the fun was in The capture and kill. In another place and time I did it all for thrills. -- Lust to Love
songs-poems	creative	general	0	It was one time too many One word too few It was all too much for me and you There was one way to go Nothing more we could do One time too many One word too few
songs-poems	creative	general	0	It's faster horses, Younger women, Older whiskey and More money.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	It's just a jump to the left And then a step to the right. Put your hands on your hips And pull your knees in tight. It's the pelvic thrust That really gets you insa-a-a-a-ane LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	It's just apartment house rules, So all you 'partment house fools Remember: one man's ceiling is another man's floor. One man's ceiling is another man's floor.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	It's Like This Even the samurai have teddy bears, and even the teddy bears get drunk.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	John Dame May Oscar Was Gay Was Whitty Was Wilde But Gerard Hopkins But John Greenleaf But Thornton Was Manley Was Whittier Was Wilder
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Just machines to make big decisions, Programmed by men for compassion and vision, We'll be clean when their work is done, We'll be eternally free, yes, eternally young, What a beautiful world this will be, What a glorious time to be free.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	K: Cobalt's metal, hard and shining; Cobol's wordy and confining; KOBOLDS topple when you strike them; Don't feel bad, it's hard to like them.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp! cries she With silent lips. Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Lady, lady, should you meet One whose ways are all discreet, One who murmurs that his wife Is the lodestar of his life, One who keeps assuring you That he never was untrue, Never loved another one... Lady, lady, better run!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Ladybug, ladybug, Look to your stern! Your house is on fire, Your children will burn! So jump ye and sing, for The very first time The four lines above Have been put into rhyme.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Last night I met upon the stair A little man who wasn't there. He wasn't there again today. Gee how I wish he'd go away!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Latin is a language, As dead as can be. First it killed the Romans, And now it's killing me.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Let us go then you and I while the night is laid out against the sky like a smear of mustard on an old pork pie. "Nice poem Tom. I have ideas for changes though, why not come over?"
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Let us treat men and women well; Treat them as if they were real; Perhaps they are.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Life is like a tin of sardines. We're, all of us, looking for the key.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Lighten up, while you still can, Don't even try to understand, Just find a place to make your stand, And take it easy.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	"Lines that are parallel meet at Infinity!" Euclid repeatedly, heatedly, urged. Until he died, and so reached that vicinity: in it he found that the damned things diverged.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine, Lisp Machine is Fun. Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine, Fun for everyone.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Lizzie Borden took an axe, And plunged it deep into the VAX; Don't you envy people who Do all the things YOU want to do?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Logicians have but ill defined As rational the human kind. Logic, they say, belongs to man, But let them prove it if they can.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay. Love isn't love 'til you give it away.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Mummy dust to make me old; To shroud my clothes, the black of night; To age my voice, an old hag's cackle; To whiten my hair, a scream of fright; A blast of wind to fan my hate; A thunderbolt to mix it well -- Now begin thy magic spell!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	My Bonnie looked into a gas tank, The height of its contents to see! She lit a small match to assist her, Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	My darling wife was always glum. I drowned her in a cask of rum, And so made sure that she would stay In better spirits night and day.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	My pen is at the bottom of a page, Which, being finished, here the story ends; 'Tis to be wished it had been sooner done, But stories somehow lengthen when begun.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	My soul is crushed, my spirit sore I do not like me anymore, I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse, I ponder on the narrow house I shudder at the thought of men I'm due to fall in love again.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Neuroses are red, Melancholia's blue. I'm schizophrenic, What are you?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	New York's got the ways and means; Just won't let you be.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	New York-- to that tall skyline I come Flyin' in from London to your door New York-- lookin' down on Central Park Where they say you should not wander after dark. New York.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Next, upon a stool, we've a sight to make you drool. Seven virgins and a mule, keep it cool, keep it cool.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Nine megs for the secretaries fair, Seven megs for the hackers scarce, Five megs for the grads in smoky lairs, Three megs for system source; One disk to rule them all, One disk to bind them, One disk to hold the files And in the darkness grind 'em.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Nine-track tapes and seven-track tapes And tapes without any tracks; Stretchy tapes and snarley tapes And tapes mixed up on the racks -- Take hold of the tape And pull off the strip, And then you'll be sure Your tape drive will skip.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	No rock so hard but that a little wave May beat admission in a thousand years.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	No sooner had Edger Allen Poe Finished his old Raven, then he started his Old Crow.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	No, his mind is not for rent To any god or government. Always hopeful, yet discontent, He knows changes aren't permanent - But change is.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure; Men love in haste, but they detest at leisure.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Now I lay me back to sleep. The speaker's dull; the subject's deep. If he should stop before I wake, Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Now I lay me down to sleep I pray the double lock will keep; May no brick through the window break, And, no one rob me till I awake.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to keep, If I should die before I wake, I'll cry in anguish, "Mistake!! Mistake!!"
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Now I lay me down to study, I pray the Lord I won't go nutty. And if I fail to learn this junk, I pray the Lord that I won't flunk. But if I do, don't pity me at all, Just lay my bones in the study hall. Tell my teacher I've done my best, Then pile my books upon my chest.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Now it's time to say goodbye To all our company... M-I-C (see you next week!) K-E-Y (Why? Because we LIKE you!) M-O-U-S-E.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Now what would they do if I just sailed away? Who the hell really compelled me to leave today? Runnin' low on stories of what made it a ball, What would they do if I made no landfall?"
songs-poems	creative	general	0	O give me a home, Where the buffalo roam, Where the deer and the antelope play, Where seldom is heard A discouraging word, 'Cause what can an antelope say?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	O love, could thou and I with fate conspire To grasp this sorry scheme of things entire, Might we not smash it to bits And mould it closer to our hearts' desire?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	O slender as a willow-wand! O clearer than clear water! O reed by the living pool! Fair river-daughter! O spring-time and summer-time, and spring again after! O wind on the waterfall, and the leaves' laughter!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	O! Wanderers in the shadowed land despair not! For though dark they stand, all woods there be must end at last, and see the open sun go past: the setting sun, the rising sun, the day's end, or the day begun. For east or west all woods must fail ...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Observe yon plumed biped fine. To activate its captivation, Deposit on its termination, A quantity of particles saline.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Of all the words of witch's doom There's none so bad as which and whom. The man who kills both which and whom Will be enshrined in our Who's Whom.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Oh don't the days seem lank and long When all goes right and none goes wrong, And isn't your life extremely flat With nothing whatever to grumble at!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Oh Lord, won't you buy me a 4BSD? My friends all got sources, so why can't I see? Come all you moby hackers, come sing it out with me: To hell with the lawyers from AT&T!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Oh, by the way, which one's Pink?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Oh, give me a home, Where the buffalo roam, And I'll show you a house with a really messy kitchen.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay I muck with indices and structs all day And when it works, I shout hoo-ray Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Oh, life is a glorious cycle of song, A medley of extemporanea; And love is thing that can never go wrong; And I am Marie of Roumania.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Oh, the Slithery Dee, he crawled out of the sea. He may catch all the others, but he won't catch me. No, he won't catch me, stupid ol' Slithery Dee. He may catch all the others, but AAAARRRRGGGGHHHH!!!!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Oh, when I was in love with you, Then I was clean and brave, And miles around the wonder grew How well did I behave. And now the fancy passes by, And nothing will remain, And miles around they'll say that I Am quite myself again.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Oh, yeah, life goes on, long after the thrill of livin' is gone.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Old Mother Hubbard lived in a shoe, She had so many children, She didn't know what to do. So she moved to Atlanta.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Old Mother Hubbard went to the cupboard To fetch her poor daughter a dress. When she got there, the cupboard was bare And so was her daughter, I guess...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Old Tom Bombadil is a merry fellow, Bright blue his jacket is, and his boots are yellow. None has ever caught him yet, for Tom, he is the master: His songs are stronger songs, and his feet are faster.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Once upon this midnight incoherent, While you pondered sentient and crystalline, Over many a broken and subordinate Volume of gnarly lore, While I pestered, nearly singing, Sudddenly there came a hewing, As of someone profusely skulking, Skulking at my chamber door.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	One good thing about music, Well, it helps you feel no pain. So hit me with music; Hit me with music now.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	One reason why George Washington Is held in such veneration: He never blamed his problems On the former Administration.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	One thing about the past. It's likely to last.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	One toke over the line, sweet Mary, One toke over the line, Sittin' downtown in a railway station, One toke over the line. Waitin' for the train that goes home, Hopin' that the train is on time, Sittin' downtown in a railway station, One toke over the line.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Other women cloy The appetites they feed, but she makes hungry Where most she satisfies.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Our little systems have their day; They have their day and cease to be; They are but broken lights of thee.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Parsley is gharsley.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Payeen to a Twang Derrida Ore-Ida potato. If you dared, I'd ask you to go dig up your ides under brown- tubered skies. where pitchforked you will ask Derrida?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Piping down the valleys wild, Piping songs of pleasant glee, On a cloud I saw a child, And he laughing said to me: "Pipe a song about a Lamb!" So I piped with merry cheer. "Piper, pipe that song again;" So I piped: he wept to hear.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Plagiarize, plagiarize, Let no man's work evade your eyes, Remember why the good Lord made your eyes, Don't shade your eyes, But plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize. Only be sure to call it research.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Planet Claire has pink hair. All the trees are red. No one ever dies there. No one has a head....
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Please stand for the National Anthem: God save our Gracious Queen! Long live our Noble Queen! God save the Queen! Send her victorious, Happy and glorious, Long to reign o'er us! God save the Queen! Thank you. You may resume your seat.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Power, like a desolating pestilence, Pollutes whate'er it touches...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Probable-Possible, my black hen, She lays eggs in the Relative When. She doesn't lay eggs in the Positive Now Because she's unable to postulate How.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	rain falls where clouds come sun shines where clouds go clouds just come and go
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Razors pain you; Rivers are damp. Acids stain you, And drugs cause cramp. Guns aren't lawful; Nooses give. Gas smells awful-- You might as well live!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Reclaimer, spare that tree! Take not a single bit! It used to point to me, Now I'm protecting it. It was the reader's CONS That made it, paired by dot; Now, GC, for the nonce, Thou shalt reclaim it not.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be worse in Cleveland.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Remove me from this land of slaves, Where all are fools, and all are knaves, Where every knave and fool is bought, Yet kindly sells himself for nought
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Romeo was restless, he was ready to kill, He jumped out the window 'cause he couldn't sit still, Juliet was waiting with a safety net, Said "don't bury me 'cause I ain't dead yet".
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Roses are red; Violets are blue. I'm schizophrenic, And so am I.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Saturday night in Toledo Ohio, Is like being nowhere at all, All through the day how the hours rush by, You sit in the park and you watch the grass die.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Say it with flowers, Or say it with mink, But whatever you do, Don't say it with ink!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Say many of cameras focused t'us, Our middle-aged shots do us justice. No justice, please, curse ye! We really want mercy: You see, 'tis the justice, disgusts us.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Scintillate, scintillate, globule vivific, Fain how I pause at your nature specific, Loftily poised in the ether capacious, Highly resembling a gem carbonaceous. Scintillate, scintillate, globule vivific, Fain how I pause at your nature specific.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Seduced, shaggy Samson snored. She scissored short. Sorely shorn, Soon shackled slave, Samson sighed, Silently scheming, Sightlessly seeking Some savage, spectacular suicide.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Seek for the Sword that was broken: In Imladris it dwells; There shall be counsels taken Stronger than Morgul-spells. There shall be shown a token That Doom is near at hand, For Isildur's Bane shall waken, And the Halfling forth shall stand.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	She asked me, "What's your sign?" I blinked and answered "Neon," I thought I'd blow her mind...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	She blinded me with science!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	She can kill all your files; She can freeze with a frown. And a wave of her hand brings the whole system down. And she works on her code until ten after three. She lives like a bat but she's always a hacker to me. -- Apologies to Billy Joel
songs-poems	creative	general	0	SHIFT TO THE LEFT! SHIFT TO THE RIGHT! POP UP, PUSH DOWN, BYTE, BYTE, BYTE!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Shift to the left, Shift to the right, Mask in, mask out, BYTE, BYTE, BYTE !!!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Since I hurt my pendulum My life is all erratic. My parrot who was cordial Is now transmitting static. The carpet died, a palm collapsed, The cat keeps doing poo. The only thing that keeps me sane Is talking to my shoe.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	So much depends upon a red wheel barrow glazed with rain water beside the white chickens.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	So, you better watch out! You better not cry! You better not pout! I'm telling you why, Santa Claus is coming, to town. He knows when you've been sleeping, He know when you're awake. He knows if you've been bad or good, He has ties with the CIA. So...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Soldiers who wish to be a hero Are practically zero, But those who wish to be civilians, They run into the millions.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Some of them want to use you, Some of them want to be used by you, ...Everybody's looking for something.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Some primal termite knocked on wood. And tasted it, and found it good. And that is why your Cousin May Fell through the parlor floor today.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Some say the world will end in fire, Some say in ice. From what I've tasted of desire I hold with those who favor fire. But if it had to perish twice, I think I know enough of hate To say that for destruction, ice Is also great And would suffice.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away, Looking at me, I got nothin' to say. Don't make me angry with the things games that you play, Either light up or leave me alone.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Sometimes I live in the country, And sometimes I live in town. And sometimes I have a great notion, To jump in the river and drown.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Sometimes the light's all shining on me, Other times I can barely see. Lately it occurs to me What a long strange trip it's been.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Speak roughly to your little VAX, And boot it when it crashes; It knows that one cannot relax Because the paging thrashes! Wow! Wow! Wow! I speak severely to my VAX, And boot it when it crashes; In spite of all my favorite hacks My jobs it always thrashes! Wow! Wow! Wow!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Spring is here, spring is here, Life is skittles and life is beer.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	St. Patrick was a gentleman who through strategy and stealth drove all the snakes from Ireland. Here's a toasting to his health -- but not too many toastings lest you lose yourself and then forget the good St. Patrick and see all those snakes again.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Step back, unbelievers! Or the rain will never come. Somebody keep the fire burning, someone come and beat the drum. You may think I'm crazy, you may think that I'm insane, But I swear to you, before this day is out, you folks are gonna see some rain!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Suffering alone exists, none who suffer; The deed there is, but no doer thereof; Nirvana is, but no one is seeking it; The Path there is, but none who travel it. -- "Buddhist Symbolism", Symbols and Values
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Sun in the night, everyone is together, Ascending into the heavens, life is forever.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	/\ SUN of them wants to use you, \\ \ / \ \\ / SUN of them wants to be used by you, / / \/ / //\ \//\ \// / SUN of them wants to abuse you, / / /\ / / \\ \ SUN of them wants to be abused ... \ \\ \/
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Sweet sixteen is beautiful Bess, And her voice is changing -- from "No" to "Yes".
songs-poems	creative	general	0	System/3! System/3! See how it runs! See how it runs! Its monitor loses so totally! It runs all its programs in RPG! It's made by our favorite monopoly! System/3!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	T: One big monster, he called TROLL. He don't rock, and he don't roll; Drink no wine, and smoke no stogies. He just Love To Eat Them Roguies.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting enough cheese.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Tan me hide when I'm dead, Fred, Tan me hide when I'm dead. So we tanned his hide when he died, Clyde, It's hanging there on the shed. All together now... Tie me kangaroo down, sport, Tie me kangaroo down. Tie me kangaroo down, sport, Tie me kangaroo down.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Tell me why the stars do shine, Tell me why the ivy twines, Tell me why the sky's so blue, And I will tell you just why I love you. Nuclear fusion makes stars to shine, Phototropism makes ivy twine, Rayleigh scattering makes sky so blue, Sexual hormones are why I love you.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Tell me, O Octopus, I begs, Is those things arms, or is they legs? I marvel at thee, Octopus; If I were thou, I'd call me us.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	That feeling just came over me.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	That money talks, I'll not deny, I heard it once, It said "Good-bye.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The Advertising Agency Song When your client's hopping mad, Put his picture in the ad. If he still should prove refractory, Add a picture of his factory.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The all-softening overpowering knell, The tocsin of the soul, -- the dinner bell.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The bank called to tell me that I'm overdrawn, Some freaks are burning crosses out on my front lawn, And I *can't*believe* it, all the Cheetos are gone, It's just ONE OF THOSE DAYS!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The bank sent our statement this morning, The red ink was a sight of great awe! Their figures and mine might have balanced, But my wife was too quick on the draw.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The Bird of Time has but a little way to fly ... and the bird is on the wing.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The boy stood on the burning deck, Eating peanuts by the peck. His father called him, but he could not go, For he loved those peanuts so.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The camel has a single hump; The dromedary two; Or else the other way around. I'm never sure. Are you?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The carbonyl is polarized, The delta end is plus. The nucleophile will thus attack, The carbon nucleus. Addition makes an alcohol, Of types there are but three. It makes a bond, to correspond, From C to shining C.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The common cormorant, or shag, Lays eggs inside a paper bag; The reason, you will see, no doubt, Is to keep the lightning out. But what these unobservant birds Have failed to notice is that herds Of bears may come with buns And steal the bags to hold the crumbs.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The difference between us is not very far, cruising for burgers in daddy's new car.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The eyes of Texas are upon you, All the livelong day; The eyes of Texas are upon you, You cannot get away; Do not think you can escape them From night 'til early in the morn; The eyes of Texas are upon you 'Til Gabriel blows his horn. -- University of Texas' school song
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The glances over cocktails That seemed to be so sweet Don't seem quite so amorous Over Shredded Wheat
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The good (I am convinced, for one) Is but the bad one leaves undone. Once your reputation's done You can live a life of fun.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The good life was so elusive It really got me down I had to regain some confidence So I got into camouflage
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The grave's a fine and private place, but none, I think, do there embrace.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The hope that springs eternal Springs right up your behind.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The little town that time forgot, Where all the women are strong, The men are good-looking, And the children above-average.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The makers may make and the users may use, but the fixers must fix with but minimal clues
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The man she had was kind and clean And well enough for every day, But oh, dear friends, you should have seen The one that got away.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ, Moves on: nor all thy Piety nor Wit Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line, Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The net of law is spread so wide, No sinner from its sweep may hide. Its meshes are so fine and strong, They take in every child of wrong. O wondrous web of mystery! Big fish alone escape from thee!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The night passes quickly when you're asleep But I'm out shufflin' for something to eat ... Breakfast at the Egg House, Like the waffle on the griddle, I'm burnt around the edges, But I'm tender in the middle.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The one L lama, he's a priest The two L llama, he's a beast And I will bet my silk pyjama There isn't any three L lllama.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The Pig, if I am not mistaken, Gives us ham and pork and Bacon. Let others think his heart is big, I think it stupid of the Pig.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The Preacher, the Politician, the Teacher, Were each of them once a kiddie. A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature. Do I want one? God Forbiddie!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The Rabbits The Cow Here is a verse about rabbits The cow is of the bovine ilk; That doesn't mention their habits. One end is moo, the other, milk.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The rain it raineth on the just And also on the unjust fella, But chiefly on the just, because The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The rhino is a homely beast, For human eyes he's not a feast. Farewell, farewell, you old rhinoceros, I'll stare at something less prepoceros.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The Road goes ever on and on Down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the Road has gone, And I must follow, if I can, Pursuing it with eager feet, Until it joins some larger way Where many paths and errands meet. And whither then? I cannot say.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The street preacher looked so baffled When I asked him why he dressed With forty pounds of headlines Stapled to his chest. But he cursed me when I proved to him I said, "Not even you can hide. You see, you're just like me. I hope you're satisfied."
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The sun was shining on the sea, Shining with all his might: He did his very best to make The billows smooth and bright -- And this was very odd, because it was The middle of the night.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The Thought Police are here. They've come To put you under cardiac arrest. And as they drag you through the door They tell you that you've failed the test.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The thrill is here, but it won't last long You'd better have your fun before it moves along...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The trouble with a kitten is that When it grows up, it's always a cat
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The trouble with you Is the trouble with me. Got two good eyes But we still don't see.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The truth you speak has no past and no future. It is, and that's all it needs to be.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks Which practically conceal its sex. I think it clever of the turtle In such a fix to be so fertile.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The weather is here, I wish you were beautiful. My thoughts aren't too clear, but don't run away. My girlfriend's a bore; my job is too dutiful. Hell nobody's perfect, would you like to play? I feel together today!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The wind doth taste so bitter sweet, Like Jaspar wine and sugar, It must have blown through someone's feet, Like those of Caspar Weinberger.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	The wombat lives across the seas, Among the far Antipodes. He may exist on nuts and berries, Or then again, on missionaries; His distant habitat precludes Conclusive knowledge of his moods. But I would not engage the wombat In any form of mortal combat. -- "The Wombat"
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Then here's to the City of Boston, The town of the cries and the groans. Where the Cabots can't see the Kabotschniks, And the Lowells won't speak to the Cohns.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	There are bad times just around the corner, There are dark clouds hurtling through the sky And it's no good whining About a silver lining For we know from experience that they won't roll by...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	There is in certain living souls A quality of loneliness unspeakable, So great it must be shared As company is shared by lesser beings. Such a loneliness is mine; so know by this That in immensity There is one lonelier than you.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	There is no point in waiting. The train stopped running years ago. All the schedules, the brochures, The bright-colored posters full of lies, Promise rides to a distant country That no longer exists.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	There is something in the pang of change More than the heart can bear, Unhappiness remembering happiness.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	There was a little girl Who had a little curl Right in the middle of her forehead. When she was good, she was very, very good And when she was bad, she was very, very popular.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	They went rushing down that freeway, Messed around and got lost. They didn't care... they were just dying to get off, And it was life in the fast lane.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	They wouldn't listen to the fact that I was a genius, The man said "We got all that we can use", So I've got those steadily-depressin', low-down, mind-messin', Working-at-the-car-wash blues.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	"Thirty days hath Septober, April, June, and no wonder. all the rest have peanut butter except my father who wears red suspenders."
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Thirty white horses on a red hill, First they champ, Then they stamp, Then they stand still.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	This ae nighte, this ae nighte, Everye nighte and alle, Fire and sleet and candlelyte, And Christe receive thy saule.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	This here's the wattle, The emblem of our land. You can stick it in a bottle; You can hold it in your hand. Amen!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	This is for all ill-treated fellows Unborn and unbegot, For them to read when they're in trouble And I am not.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	This is the story of the bee Whose sex is very hard to see You cannot tell the he from the she But she can tell, and so can he The little bee is never still She has no time to take the pill And that is why, in times like these There are so many sons of bees.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	This is the way the world ends, This is the way the world ends, This is the way the world ends, Not with a bang but with a whimper.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	This land is my land, and only my land, I've got a shotgun, and you ain't got one, If you don't get off, I'll blow your head off, This land is private property. -- Apologies to Woody Guthrie
songs-poems	creative	general	0	This thing all things devours: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers; Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays king, ruins town, And beats high mountain down.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Tiger got to hunt, Bird got to fly; Man got to sit and wonder, "Why, why, why?" Tiger got to sleep, Bird got to land; Man got to tell himself he understand.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Tim and I a hunting went We found three damsels in a tent, As they were three, and we were two, I bucked one and Timbuktu. -- the only known poem using the word "Timbuktu"
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Time washes clean Love's wounds unseen. That's what someone told me; But I don't know what it means.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	To A Quick Young Fox Why jog exquisite bulk, fond crazy vamp, Daft buxom jonquil, zephyr's gawky vice? Guy fed by work, quiz Jove's xanthic lamp-- Zow! Qualms by deja vu gyp fox-kin thrice.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	to be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best night and day to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle any human being can fight and never stop fighting. -- e.e. cummings
songs-poems	creative	general	0	To stand and be still, At the Birkenhead drill, Is a damned tough bullet to chew.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	To whom the mornings are like nights, What must the midnights be!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Tobacco is a filthy weed, That from the devil does proceed; It drains your purse, it burns your clothes, And makes a chimney of your nose.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Too cool to calypso, Too tough to tango, Too weird to watusi
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Try not. Do. Or do not. There is no try.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Twas FORTRAN as the doloop goes Did logzerneg the ifthen block All kludgy were the function flows And subroutines adhoc. Beware the runtime-bug my friend squrooneg, the false goto Beware the infiniteloop And shun the inprectoo. -- "OUTCONERR," to the scheme of "Jabberwocky"
songs-poems	creative	general	0	'Twas midnight, and the UNIX hacks Did gyre and gimble in their cave All mimsy was the CS-VAX And Cory raths outgrabe. "Beware the software rot, my son! The faults that bite, the jobs that thrash! Beware the broken pipe, and shun The frumious system crash!"
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Twenty two thousand days. Twenty two thousand days. It's not a lot. It's all you've got. Twenty two thousand days.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Two men looked out from the prison bars, One saw mud-- The other saw stars. Now let me get this right: two prisoners are looking out the window. While one of them was looking at all the mud -- the other one got hit in the head.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	U: There's a U -- a Unicorn! Run right up and rub its horn. Look at all those points you're losing! UMBER HULKS are so confusing.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Under the wide and heavy VAX Dig my grave and let me relax Long have I lived, and many my hacks And I lay me down with a will. These be the words that tell the way: "Here he lies who piped 64K, Brought down the machine for nearly a day, And Rogue playing to an awful standstill."
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Up against the net, redneck mother, Mother who has raised your son so well; He's seventeen and hackin' on a Macintosh, Flaming spelling errors and raisin' hell...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Voiceless it cries, Wingless flutters, Toothless bites, Mouthless mutters.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim And earthquakes only terrify the dolts, And to him who's scientific There is nothing that's terrific In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Wad some power the giftie gie us To see oursels as others see us.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Wake now my merry lads! Wake and hear me calling! Warm now be heart and limb! The cold stone is fallen; Dark door is standing wide; dead hand is broken. Night under Night is flown, and the Gate is open!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	We don't need no education, we don't need no thought control.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	We gotta get out of this place, If it's the last thing we ever do.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	we will invent new lullabies, new songs, new acts of love, we will cry over things we used to laugh & our new wisdom will bring tears to eyes of gentle creatures from other planets who were afraid of us till then & in the end a summer with wild winds & new friends will be.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	We wish you a Hare Krishna We wish you a Hare Krishna We wish you a Hare Krishna And a Sun Myung Moon!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	We're happy little Vegemites, As bright as bright can be. We all all enjoy our Vegemite For breakfast, lunch and tea.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Well, some take delight in the carriages a-rolling, And some take delight in the hurling and the bowling, But I take delight in the juice of the barley, And courting pretty fair maids in the morning bright and early.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	What awful irony is this? We are as gods, but know it not.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	What did ya do with your burden and your cross? Did you carry it yourself or did you cry? You and I know that a burden and a cross, Can only be carried on one man's back.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	What happens to a dream deferred? Does it dry up Like a raisin in the sun? Or fester like a sore -- And then run? Does it stink like rotten meat? Or crust and sugar over -- Like a syrupy sweet? Maybe it just sags Like a heavy load. Or does it explode?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	What has roots as nobody sees, Is taller than trees, Up, up it goes, And yet never grows?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	What pains others pleasures me, At home am I in Lisp or C; There i couch in ecstasy, 'Til debugger's poke i flee, Into kernel memory. In system space, system space, there shall i fare-- Inside of a VAX on a silicon square.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	What we Are is God's gift to us. What we Become is our gift to God.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	What's love but a second-hand emotion?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	When a lion meets another with a louder roar, the first lion thinks the last a bore.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	When in panic, fear and doubt, Drink in barrels, eat, and shout.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	When license fees are too high, users do things by hand. When the management is too intrusive, users lose their spirit. Hack for the user's benefit. Trust them; leave them alone.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	When love is gone, there's always justice. And when justice is gone, there's always force. And when force is gone, there's always Mom. Hi, Mom!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	When oxygen Tech played Hydrogen U. The Game had just begun, when Hydrogen scored two fast points And Oxygen still had none Then Oxygen scored a single goal And thus it did remain, At Hydrogen 2 and Oxygen 1 Called because of rain.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	When you find yourself in danger, When you're threatened by a stranger, When it looks like you will take a lickin'... There is one thing you should learn, When there is no one else to turn to, Caaaall for Super Chicken!! (**bwuck-bwuck-bwuck-bwuck**) Caaaall for Super Chicken!!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	When you meet a master swordsman, show him your sword. When you meet a man who is not a poet, do not show him your poem.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	When you're a Yup You're a Yup all the way From your first slice of Brie To your last Cabernet. When you're a Yup You're not just a dreamer You're making things happen You're driving a Beamer.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	When you're away, I'm restless, lonely, Wretched, bored, dejected; only Here's the rub, my darling dear I feel the same when you are near.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Where's the man could ease a heart Like a satin gown?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Whether weary or unweary, O man, do not rest, Do not cease your single-handed struggle. Go on, do not rest. -- An old Gujarati hymn
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Whether you can hear it or not, The Universe is laughing behind your back.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Whip it, baby. Whip it right. Whip it, baby. Whip it all night!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Who does not love wine, women, and song, Remains a fool his whole life long.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Who loves not wisely but too well Will look on Helen's face in hell, But he whose love is thin and wise Will view John Knox in Paradise.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Who made the world I cannot tell; 'Tis made, and here am I in hell. My hand, though now my knuckles bleed, I never soiled with such a deed.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Who to himself is law no law doth need, offends no law, and is a king indeed.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	With/Without - and who'll deny it's what the fighting's all about?
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer, Yeah, Ah woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer The future's uncertain and the end is always near.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Woke up this morning, don't believe what I saw. Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore. Seems I'm not alone in being alone. Hundred billion castaways looking for a call.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Yea from the table of my memory I'll wipe away all trivial fond records.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Yesterday upon the stair I met a man who wasn't there. He wasn't there again today -- I think he's from the CIA.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	You got to pay your dues if you want to sing the blues, And you know it don't come easy ... I don't ask for much, I only want trust, And you know it don't come easy ...
songs-poems	creative	general	0	You know my heart keeps tellin' me, You're not a kid at thirty-three, You play around you lose your wife, You play too long, you lose your life. Some gotta win, some gotta lose, Goodtime Charlie's got the blues.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	You may be right, I may be crazy, But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for!
songs-poems	creative	general	0	You will find me drinking gin In the lowest kind of inn, Because I am a rigid Vegetarian.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	You'll always be, What you always were, Which has nothing to do with, All to do, with her.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Your wise men don't know how it feels To be thick as a brick.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Your worship is your furnaces which, like old idols, lost obscenes, have molten bowels; your vision is machines for making more machines.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	Yours is not to reason why, Just to Sail Away. And when you find you have to throw Your Legacy away; Remember life as was it is, And is as it were; Chasing sounds across the galaxy 'Till silence is but a blur.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	We found you hiding We found you lying Choking on the dirt and sand. Your former glories And all the stories Dragged and washed with eager hands. -- ``Cities in Dust'', "Tinderbox", Siouxsie & the Banshees.
songs-poems	creative	general	0	We're always gonna try it No one can deny it We can cause a riot in Sunday School We'll have you believing Truth can be deceiving "Do unto others" is our Golden Rule
