medicine	society	observation	general	0	A woman physician has made the statement that smoking is neither physically defective nor morally degrading, and that nicotine, even when indulged to in excess, is less harmful than excessive petting."
medicine	life	joke	general	0	After twelve years of therapy my psychiatrist said something that brought tears to my eyes. He said, "No hablo ingles."
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Anyone who goes to a psychiatrist ought to have his head examined.
medicine	life	dark	general	0	Be a better psychiatrist and the world will beat a psychopath to your door.
medicine	life	wisdom	general	0	Better to use medicines at the outset than at the last moment.
medicine	life	dark	general	0	Cure the disease and kill the patient.
medicine	science	quip	general	0	Death has been proven to be 99% fatal in laboratory rats.
medicine	health-body	pun	general	0	Dental health is next to mental health.
medicine	faith	quip	general	0	God is dead and I don't feel all too well either....
medicine	life	dark	general	0	"Good health" is merely the slowest rate at which one can die.
medicine	life	aphorism	general	0	Happiness is good health and a bad memory.
medicine	life	dark	general	0	Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
medicine	life	dark	general	0	Health nuts are going to feel stupid someday, lying in hospitals dying of nothing.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	His ideas of first-aid stopped short of squirting soda water.
medicine	health-body	quip	general	0	I get my exercise acting as pallbearer to my friends who exercise.
medicine	work-money	quip	general	0	I got the bill for my surgery. Now I know what those doctors were wearing masks for.
medicine	life	joke	general	0	"I keep seeing spots in front of my eyes." "Did you ever see a doctor?" "No, just spots."
medicine	life	joke	general	0	If you look like your driver's license photo -- see a doctor. If you look like your passport photo -- it's too late for a doctor.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	It is very vulgar to talk like a dentist when one isn't a dentist. It produces a false impression.
medicine	life	dark	general	0	It's no longer a question of staying healthy. It's a question of finding a sickness you like.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	It's not reality or how you perceive things that's important -- it's what you're taking for it...
medicine	health-body	observation	general	0	Just because your doctor has a name for your condition doesn't mean he knows what it is.
medicine	science	pun	general	0	Laetrile is the pits.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	My doctorate's in Literature, but it seems like a pretty good pulse to me.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Neurotics build castles in the sky, Psychotics live in them, And psychiatrists collect the rent.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Never go to a doctor whose office plants have died.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	New England Life, of course. Why do you ask?
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Paralysis through analysis.
medicine	science	quip	general	0	Proper treatment will cure a cold in seven days, but left to itself, a cold will hang on for a week.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Psychiatry enables us to correct our faults by confessing our parents' shortcomings.
medicine	health-body	quip	general	0	Psychoanalysis is that mental illness for which it regards itself a therapy.
medicine	life	pun	general	0	Psychiatry is the care of the id by the odd.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you.
medicine	life	pun	general	0	Psychology. Mind over matter. Mind under matter? It doesn't matter. Never mind.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Pushing 30 is exercise enough.
medicine	health-body	observation	general	0	Pushing 40 is exercise enough.
medicine	life	dark	general	0	Quit worrying about your health. It'll go away.
medicine	life	pun	general	0	Sigmund's wife wore Freudian slips.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Some people need a good imaginary cure for their painful imaginary ailment.
medicine	life	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes the best medicine is to stop taking something.
medicine	life	quip	general	0	Straw? No, too stupid a fad. I put soot on warts.
medicine	society	quip	general	0	The 80's -- when you can't tell hairstyles from chemotherapy.
medicine	life	joke	general	0	"... the Mayo Clinic, named after its founder, Dr. Ted Clinic ..."
medicine	life	quip	general	0	"The molars, I'm sure, will be all right, the molars can take care of themselves," the old man said, no longer to me. "But what will become of the bicuspids?"
medicine	life	joke	general	0	The New England Journal of Medicine reports that 9 out of 10 doctors agree that 1 out of 10 doctors is an idiot.
medicine	science	quip	general	0	The real reason psychology is hard is that psychologists are trying to do the impossible.
medicine	science	quip	general	0	The reason they're called wisdom teeth is that the experience makes you wise.
medicine	food	quip	general	0	The secret of healthy hitchhiking is to eat junk food.
medicine	health-body	dark	general	0	The trouble with heart disease is that the first symptom is often hard to deal with: death.
medicine	health-body	quip	general	0	When a lot of remedies are suggested for a disease, that means it can't be cured.
