MrRogers	love	uplifting	general	0	All of us have special ones who have loved us into being. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	All of us, at some time or other, need help. Whether were giving or receiving help, each one of us has something valuable to bring to this world. Thats one of the things that connects us as neighborsin our own way, each one of us is a giver and a receiver.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	All our lives, we rework the things from our childhood, like feeling good about ourselves, managing our angry feelings, being able to say good-bye to people we love.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	All were ever asked to do in this life is to treat our neighborespecially our neighbor who is in needexactly as we would hope to be treated ourselves. Thats our ultimate responsibility.
MrRogers	family	wisdom	general	0	Anyone who does anything to help a child in his life is a hero to me.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Anyone who has ever been able to sustain good work has had at least one person--and often many--who have believed in him or her. We just don't get to be competent human beings without a lot of different investments from others.
MrRogers	family	wisdom	general	0	Being able to resolve conflicts peacefully is one of the greatest strengths we can give our children. ~ Mister Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Both Joanne and I can recall many times when we wish we'd said or done something different. But we didn't, and we've learned not to feel too guilty about that. What gives me my good feelings is that we always cared and always tried to do our best. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	But how do we make goodness attractive? By doing whatever we can do to bring courage to those whose lives move near our own--by treating our 'neighbor' at least as well as we treat ourselves and allowing that to inform everything that we produce.
MrRogers	family	wisdom	general	0	Children are to be respected and I respect them deeply. They've taught me an awful lot. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	society	wisdom	general	0	Children aren't responsible for wars. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Deep and simple are far, far more important than shallow and complicated and fancy. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Discovering the truth about ourselves is a lifetimes work, but its worth the effort.
MrRogers	love	uplifting	general	0	Everyone longs to be loved. And the greatest thing we can do is to let people know that they are loved and capable of loving.
MrRogers	arts	wisdom	general	0	Fame is a four letter word and like tape, or zoom, or face, or pain, or life, or love, what ultimately matters is what we do with it. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	Feeling good about ourselves is essential in our being able to love others.
MrRogers	life	observation	general	0	How many times have you noticed that its the little quiet moments in the midst of life that seem to give the rest extra-special meaning?
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	How sad it is that we give up on people who are just like us. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	Human beings need to feel that they are lovable and capable of loving. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	faith	wisdom	general	0	I believe that appreciation is a holy thing, that when we look for what's best in the person we happen to be with at the moment, we're doing what God does; so in appreciating our neighbor, we're participating in something truly sacred. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	faith	wisdom	general	0	I believe that appreciation is a holy thing--that when we look for what's best in a person we happen to be with at the moment, we're doing what God does all the time. So in loving and appreciating our neighbor, we're participating in something sacred.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	I believe that those of us who are the producers and purveyors of television, I believe that we are the servants of this nation. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	I do think that young children can spot a phony a mile away. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	I don't think anyone can grow unless he's loved exactly as he is now, appreciated for what he is rather than what he will be.
MrRogers	family	wisdom	general	0	I don't think that the basics that kids need have changed in 10,000 years. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	faith	wisdom	general	0	I have long believed that the way to know a spiritual sense is to know it in our real life. I think the best way to understand about God and peace is to know about peace in our everyday lives.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	I hope you're proud of yourself for the times you've said "yes," when all it meant was extra work for you and was seemingly helpful only to someone else.
MrRogers	family	wisdom	general	0	I like to compare the holiday season with the way a child listens to a favorite story. The pleasure is in the familiar way the story begins, the anticipation of familiar turns it takes, the familiar moments of suspense, and the familiar climax and ending.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	I like to compare the holiday season with the way a child listens to a favorite story. The pleasure is in the familiar way the story begins, the anticipation of familiar turns it takes, the familiar moments of suspense, and the familiar climax and ending. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	observation	general	0	I must be an emotional archaeologist because I keep looking for the roots of things, particularly the roots of behavior and why I feel certain ways about certain things.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	I think everybody longs to be loved and longs to know that he or she is lovable. And, consequently, the greatest thing that we can do is to help somebody know that they're loved and capable of loving. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	family	wisdom	general	0	I think of discipline as the continual everyday process of helping a child learn self-discipline. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	I think that those who would try to make you feel less than who you are, I think that's the greatest evil.
MrRogers	faith	wisdom	general	0	I'm fairly convinced that the Kingdom of God is for the broken-hearted. You write of 'powerlessness.' Join the club, we are not in control. God is.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	I'm proud of you for the times you came in second, or third, or fourth, but what you did was the best you have ever done
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	If only you could sense how important you are to the lives of those you meet; how important you can be to people you may never even dream of. There is something of yourself that you leave at every meeting with another person. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	family	wisdom	general	0	If the day ever came when we were able to accept ourselves and our children exactly as we and they are, then, I believe, we would have come very close to an ultimate understanding of what 'good' parenting means. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	family	wisdom	general	0	If we can bring our children understanding, comfort, and hopefulness when they need this kind of support, then they are more likely to grow into adults who can find these resources within themselves later on. (from the introduction)
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	If you could only sense how important you are to the lives of those you meet; how important you can be to the people you may never even dream of. There is something of yourself that you leave at every meeting with another person.
MrRogers	society	wisdom	general	0	In a young child's mind, parents probably condone what's on the television, just like they choose what's in the refrigerator or on the stove. That's why we who make television for children must be especially careful.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	In my own life, as the nearer I get to the end of life on this earth, the simpler I want to become. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	In times of stress, the best thing we can do for each other is to listen with our ears and our hearts and to be assured that our questions are just as important as our answers.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	It isn't only famous movie stars who want to be alone. Whenever I hear someone speak of privacy, I find myself thinking once again how real and deep the need for such times is for all human beings . . . at all ages.
MrRogers	faith	wisdom	general	0	It's a mistake to think that we have to be lovely to be loved by human beings or by God
MrRogers	faith	wisdom	general	0	It's a mistake to think we have to be lovely to be loved by humans beings or by God.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	It's good to be curious about many things. ~ Mister Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	It's not the honors and not the titles and not the power that is of ultimate importance. It's what resides inside. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	It's not the honors and the prizes and the fancy outsides of life that ultimately nourish our souls. It's the knowing that we can be trusted, that we never have to fear the truth, that the bedrock of our very being is firm.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	It's not the honors and the prizes and the fancy outsides of life which ultimately nourish our souls. It's the knowing that we can be trusted, that we never have to fear the truth, that the bedrock of our very being is good stuff.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	It's not the honors and the prizes and the fancy outsides of life which ultimately nourish our souls. It's the knowing that we can be trusted, that we never have to fear the truth, that the bedrock of our very being is good stuff. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	It's our insides that make us who we are, that allow us to dream and wonder and feel for others. That's what's essential. That's what will always make the biggest difference in our world. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	It's really easy to fall into the trap of believing that what we do is more important than what we are. Of course, it's the opposite that's true: What we are ultimately determines what we do!
MrRogers	love	observation	general	0	It's the people we love the most who can make us feel the gladdest ... and the maddest! Love and anger are such a puzzle!
MrRogers	society	wisdom	general	0	It's very dramatic when two people come together to work something out. It's easy to take a gun and annihilate your opposition, but what is really exciting to me is to see people with differing views come together and finally respect each other.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Its very important, no matter what you may do professionally, to keep alive some of the healthy interests of your youth. Childrens play is not just kids stuff. Childrens play is rather the stuff of most future inventions.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Jane Addams, writing about her Twenty Years at Hull House, said, People did not want to hear about simple things. They wanted to hear about great things simply told.
MrRogers	love	wisdom	general	0	Just because somebody wants to be alone sometimes, it doesn't mean they don't love you. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	society	wisdom	general	0	Justice is taking care of those who aren't able to take care of themselves. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Kenneth Koch once said, You arent just the age you are. You are all the ages you ever have been!
MrRogers	love	uplifting	general	0	Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people.
MrRogers	love	uplifting	general	0	Knowing that we can be loved exactly as we are gives us all the best opportunity for growing into the healthiest of people. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Life is deep and simple, and what our society gives us is shallow and complicated.
MrRogers	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is for service.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Listening and trying to understand the needs of those we would communicate with seems to me to be the essential prerequisite of any real communication. And we might as well aim for real communication.
MrRogers	love	wisdom	general	0	Listening is where love begins: listening to ourselves and then to our neighbors.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Little by little we human beings are confronted with situations that give us more and more clues that we are not perfect.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	Little by little we human beings are confronted with situations that give us more and more clues that we aren't perfect. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	love	aphorism	general	0	Love and success, always in that order. It's that simple AND that difficult.
MrRogers	love	wisdom	general	0	Love and trust, in the space between whats said and whats heard in our life, can make all the difference in the world.
MrRogers	love	wisdom	general	0	Love is like infinity: You can't have more or less infinity, and you can't compare two things to see if they're "equally infinite." Infinity just is, and that's the way I think love is, too.
MrRogers	love	wisdom	general	0	Love isn't a perfect state of caring. It's an active noun, like 'struggle.' ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	love	wisdom	general	0	Love isn't a state of perfect caring. It is an active noun like struggle. To love someone is to strive to accept that person exactly the way he or she is, right here and now.
MrRogers	love	wisdom	general	0	Mutual caring relationships require kindness and patience, tolerance, optimism, joy in the other's achievements, confidence in oneself, and the ability to give without undue thought of gain.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	No matter where they are, either here or in heaven, imagine how pleased those people must be to know that you thought of them right now.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Often out of periods of losing come the greatest strivings toward a new winning streak.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Often when you think you're at the end of something, you're at the beginning of something else.
MrRogers	family	wisdom	general	0	One of the most important gifts a parent can give a child is the gift of accepting that child's uniqueness. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	One of the strongest things I have had to wrestle with in my life is the significance of the longing for perfection in oneself and in the people bound to the self by friendship or parenthood or childhood.
MrRogers	family	wisdom	general	0	One of the universal fears of childhood is the fear of not having value in the eyes of the people whom we admire so much.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Our society is much more interested in information than wonder, in noise rather than silence...And I feel that we need a lot more wonder and a lot more silence in our lives
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	Our world hangs like a magnificent jewel in the vastness of space. Every one of us is a part of that jewel. A facet of that jewel. And in the perspective of infinity, our differences are infinitesimal. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	society	wisdom	general	0	Out of difference can come the reinforcement of two important values. One is tolerance and the other is awareness that people who disagree over the things they hold dear really can live together in love and respect.
MrRogers	family	wisdom	general	0	Parents are like shuttles on a loom. They join the threads of the past with threads of the future and leave their own bright patterns as they go. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	society	wisdom	general	0	Peace means far more than the opposite of war.
MrRogers	family	wisdom	general	0	Play is often talked about as if it were a relief from serious learning. But for children play is serious learning. Play is really the work of childhood.
MrRogers	family	wisdom	general	0	Play is often talked about as if it were a relief from serious learning. But for children play is serious learning. Play is really the work of childhood. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	observation	general	0	Pretending doesn't require expensive toys.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	Real strength has to do with helping others.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Solitude is different from loneliness, and it doesn't have to be a lonely kind of thing.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Some days, doing "the best we can" may still fall short of what we would like to be able to do, but life isn't perfect on any front-and doing what we can with what we have is the most we should expect of ourselves or anyone else. ~ Mister Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes people are good, and they do just what they should. But the very same people who are good sometimes are the very same people who are bad sometimes. It's funny but it's true. Its the same isn't it, for me and . . . ~ Mister Rogers
MrRogers	family	uplifting	general	0	Taking care is one way to show your love. Another way is letting people take good care of you when you need it.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	The child is in me still and sometimes not so still.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	The connections we make in the course of a life--maybe that's what heaven is.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	The greatest gift you ever give is your honest self.
MrRogers	faith	uplifting	general	0	The kingdom of God is for the broken hearted
MrRogers	society	observation	general	0	The media shows the tiniest percentage of what people do. There are millions and millions of people doing wonderful things all over the world, and theyre generally not the ones being touted in the news.
MrRogers	society	uplifting	general	0	The more we can be in a relationship with those who might seem strange to us, the more we can feel like we're neighbors and all members of the human family. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	love	fact	general	0	The number 143 means 'I love you.' It takes one letter to say 'I' and four letters to say 'love' and three letters to say 'you.' One hundred and forty-three. 'I love you.' Isn't that wonderful? ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	The only thing evil cant stand is forgiveness.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	The space between the television set and the viewer is holy ground. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	work-money	wisdom	general	0	The thing I remember best about successful people I've met all through the years is their obvious delight in what they're doing and it seems to have very little to do with worldly success. They just love what they're doing, and they love it in front of others.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	The whole idea is to look at the television camera and present as much love as you possibly could to a person who might feel that he or she needs it. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	The world is not always a kind place. That's something all children learn for themselves, whether we want them to or not, but it's something they really need our help to understand. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	society	wisdom	general	0	The world needs a sense of worth, and it will achieve it only by its people feeling that they are worthwhile.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	There are times when explanations, no matter how reasonable, just don't seem to help.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	There is no normal life that is free of pain. It's the very wrestling with our problems that can be the impetus for our growth.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	There's a world of difference between insisting on someone's doing something and establishing an atmosphere in which that person can grow into wanting to do it.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	There's no "should" or "should not" when it comes to having feelings. They're part of who we are and their origins are beyond our control. When we can believe that, we may find it easier to make constructive choices about what to do with those feelings.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Theres a part of all of us that longs to know that even whats weakest about us is still redeemable and can ultimately count for something good.
MrRogers	love	wisdom	general	0	To love someone is to strive to accept that person exactly the way he or she is, right here and now. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Try your best to make goodness attractive. That's one of the toughest assignments you'll ever be given.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	Vermont is a small state which makes an enormous difference. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	We all have different gifts, so we all have different ways of saying to the world who we are.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	We get so wrapped up in numbers in our society. The most important thing is that we are able to be one-to-one, you and I with each other at the moment. If we can be present to the moment with the person that we happen to be with, that's what's important.
MrRogers	society	uplifting	general	0	We live in a world in which we need to share responsibility. It's easy to say "It's not my child, not my community, not my world, not my problem." Then there are those who see the need and respond. I consider those people my heroes.
MrRogers	love	wisdom	general	0	We need to help people to discover the true meaning of love. Love is generally confused with dependence. Those of us who have grown in true love know that we can love only in proportion to our capacity for independence.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	We speak with more than our mouths. We listen with more than our ears.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Well, life isn't cheap. It's the greatest mystery of any millennium, and television needs to do all it can to broadcast that...to show and tell what the good in life is all about.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	What do you think it is that drives people to want far more than they could ever use or need? I frankly think it's insecurity. How do we let the world know that the trappings of this life are not the things that are ultimately important for being accepted? ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Whatever we choose to imagine can be as private as we want it to be. Nobody knows what you're thinking or feeling unless you share it.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	When I first saw children's television, I thought it was perfectly horrible. And I thought there was some way of using this fabulous medium to be of nurture to those who would watch and listen. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	arts	observation	general	0	When I think of Robert Frost's poems, like "The Road Not Taken", I feel the support of someone who is on my side, who understands what life's choices are like, someone who says, "I've been there, and it's okay to go on".
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	When I was a boy and I would see scary things in the news, my mother would say to me, "Look for the helpers. You will always find people who are helping.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	When I was a boy and I would see scary things in the news, my mother would say to me, 'Look for the helpers. You will always find people who are helping.' ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	faith	wisdom	general	0	When we look for what's best in the person we happen to be with at the moment, we're doing what God does, so in appreciating our neighbor, we're participating in something truly sacred. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	love	wisdom	general	0	When we love a person, we accept him or her exactly as is: the lovely with the unlovely, the strong with the fearful, the true mixed in with the faade, and of course, the only way we can do it is by accepting ourselves that way.
MrRogers	family	wisdom	general	0	When we treat children's play as seriously as it deserves, we are helping them feel the joy that's to be found in the creative spirit. It's the things we play with and the people who help us play that make a great difference in our lives.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	Whether we're a preschooler or a young teen, a graduating college senior or a retired person, we human beings all want to know that we're acceptable, that our being alive somehow makes a difference in the lives of others.
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	Who we are in the present includes who we were in the past.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	Who you are inside is what helps you make and do everything in life.
MrRogers	life	observation	general	0	Yes, when I was here the first word of the alma mater was 'Men...Men of Dartmouth, give a rouse...' Well, now the first word is 'Dear.' Some things change for the better. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	You are a very special person. There is only one like you in the whole world. There's never been anyone exactly like you before, and there will never be again. Only you. And people can like you exactly as you are.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	You are a very special person. There is only one like you in the whole world. Theres never been anyone exactly like you before, and there never will be again. Only you. And people can like you exactly as you are.
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	You can think about things and make believe. All you have to do is think and they'll grow. ~ Mister Rogers
MrRogers	love	wisdom	general	0	You can't really love someone else unless you really love yourself first.
MrRogers	love	wisdom	general	0	You know, I think everybody longs to be loved, and longs to know that he or she is lovable. And consequently, the greatest thing we can do is to help somebody know that they are loved and capable of loving.
MrRogers	love	wisdom	general	0	You know, I think everybody longs to be loved, and longs to know that he or she is lovable. And, consequently, the greatest thing that we can do is to help somebody know that they're loved and capable of loving. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	uplifting	general	0	You know, you don't have to look like everybody else to be acceptable and to feel acceptable. ~ Fred Rogers
MrRogers	life	wisdom	general	0	You rarely have time for everything you want in this life, so you need to make choices. And hopefully your choices can come from a deep sense of who you are.
