off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Frisbeetarianism, n.: The belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	God is love Love is blind Ray Charles is blind Therefore, Ray Charles is God
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Hindu speaking to a "Born again" christian: "Of course I am born again. And again and again and again."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	A preacher's wife proofread his Sunday sermon and wrote next to one paragraph: "Weak point--shout loud".
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Once again, we come to the Holiday Season, a deeply religious time that each of us observes, in his own way, by going to the mall of his choice.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Never join a religion that has a water slide."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...but when you come to Heritage USA, remember to bring your Bible and your VISA card - because the Bible is the Holy Truth, and God doesn't take American Express."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	At a recent PTL convention, the hotel reported that over 80% of the conventionites watched at least one x-rated movie on the hotel's ppv cable...
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There are no saints, only unrecognized villains."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"For god so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever would believe in him would believe in anything."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I don't mind those who are born again, just as long as they don't think that they get twice as many rights."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	And Jesus said unto them, "And whom do you say that I am?" They replied,"You are the eschatological manifestation of the ground of our being, the ontological foundation of the context of our very selfhood revealed." And Jesus replied, "What?"
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The only difference between God and Adolf Hitler is that God is more proficient at genocide."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Jesus died to take our wibbles away, so now we can go to zonk."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Humanity's first sin was faith; the first virtue was doubt.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Why be born again, when you can just grow up?
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	What a f iend we have in Jesus!
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Blasphemy is a blast for me.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	If you ask the wrong questions you get answers like '42' or 'God'.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Keep Christ out of Christmas
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Any belief worth having must survive doubt.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Traveller: God has been mighty good to your fields, Mr. Farmer. Farmer: You should have seen how he treated them when I wasn't around.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Explaining the unknown by means of the unobservable is always a perilous business.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	It will be generally found that those who sneer habitually at human nature and affect to despise it are among its worst and least pleasant examples.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Do not condemn the judgment of another because it differs from your own. You may both be wrong.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I think I'll believe in Gosh instead of God. If you don't believe in Gosh too, you'll be darned to heck."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	B R DEATH I N !
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Jesus -- The other white meat!
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	I love Jesus, Yes I do. Baked or broiled or in a stew...
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Bend over for the rod and staff of Jesus!
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	The Pope has just declared that Jesus is now an infinitly long tube of white paste.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Obey Psalms 137:9!
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Jesus is coming! Wear your rubbers!
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	The only mortals who ever entered Barad-dur and came back unharmed in body and soul were a pair of Iluvatar's Witnesses. Only days after their visit Sauron realized that the "Minas Tirith" he had bought from them was only a pamphlet.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Jesus was adopted.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Trinity -- a three for one sale on deities
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Surgeon General's Warning: Quitting Religion Now Greatly Increases the Chances of World Peace.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Jesus rose from the dead and the apostles came unto him saying "How's Elvis?"
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	If "he who lives by the sword shall die by the sword" holds true, then jesus the carpenter met his end properly. After all, he was nailed to a piece of wood, wasn't he?
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Losing your faith is a lot like losing your virginity you don't realise how irritating it was 'til it's gone.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Waco, Pensacola, The World Trade Center, Hebron, The Spanish Inquisition, "Eat my flesh, and drink my blood" . . . Don't the Religiously-Correct just wanna' kill ya'?
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Archeologists near mount Sinai have discovered what is believed to be a missing page from the Bible and is believed to read 'To my darling Candy. All characters portrayed within this book are fictitous and any resemblance to persons living or dead is purely coincidental'.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	They found Noah's ark, but there was a sign on it: 'Made in Hong Kong' "
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Jesus is real! I saw him at a party last week, he was playing quarters with Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Religious reasons do not excuse violence: they accuse religion.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Evolution is both fact and theory. Creationism is neither.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Power corrupts; Absolute power corrupts absolutely; God is all-powerful. Draw your own conclusions
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Atheism makes sense for America
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Theists think all gods but theirs are false. Atheists simply don't make an exception for the last one.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	I went to church to confess my sins to God And then I realized there was no God and I had no sins.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Jesus Christ: Imaginary Playmate to Millions of Adults!
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	It seems odd that those who scoff at sun worshippers are apt to worship a vacuum.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Organized religion is responsible for the brainwashing of millions of young children too young to know the difference between reality and the fantasies of millions. Save Yourself. Drop Christianity.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	FAITH - An attitude fostered by individuals in high places in order to ensure the subservience of those in their charge.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	A zealot's stones will break my bones, but gods will never hurt me.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Nine out of ten priests who have tried Camels, prefer young boys.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Autumn wind: Where there are humans gods, Buddha-- you'll find flies, lies, lies, lies and Buddhas. --Shiki --Issa
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	nullifidian n. & a. (Person) having no religious faith or belief, f. med. L nullifidius fr L nullus none + fides faith; see IAN
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	freethinker n. A person who forms opinions about religion on the basis of reason, independently of tradition, authority, or established belief.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	On the sixth day God created man On the seventh day, man returned the favor.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	A society without religion is like a crazed psychopath without a loaded .45
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Fundamentalism means never having to say "I'm wrong."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Christianity: The understanding that "God" is the name we give to the answer (which we do not know) to the question, "Why is there anything at all?" - and that Christ is the self-expression of God; the view that - against the appearances - we are loved in the universe.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Faith is to the human what sand is to the ostrich"
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Try new Post Jesus (tm) breakfast cereal! Chock full of bland, tasteless little bread wafers made from 100% Jesus for that full-body of Christ taste. Goes great with a little red wine."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Wouldn't it be funny if Elvis came back instead of Jesus?
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day; Give him a religion, and he'll starve to death while praying for a fish
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	May theists be shaved with Ockham's Razor!
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Two hands working do more than a thousand clasped in prayer
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Why does the Vatican have lightning rods?
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Some have for fundies then evangelists passed Turned preachers next and proved plain fools at last.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	___/|__ _ \ \_/ / Have you forgotten about Jesus? <JESUS>< >LOGIC _ < Isn't it about time you did? /_____/ \_\
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	If Jesus loves me, why doesn't he ever send me flowers?
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	It's your god. They're your rules. *You* go to hell.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	I once believed in god. I got better.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Faith - the ability to believe the ridiculous for the sublime.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	The fool says in his heart, "There is no God." The Wise Man Says it to the World.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Christ died for my sins, descended into Hell, and rose again On the third day, in accordance with the Scriptures... And all I got was this lousy t-shirt.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	If a member of McDonalds' staff was God: "OK, one Universe. Uh, you want fries with that?"
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Bumper sticker seen: Geez if you believe in Honkus.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Garbage In
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	A clash of doctrine is not a disaster - it is an opportunity.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Every absurdity has a champion to defend it.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Vique's Law: A man without a religion is like a fish without a bicycle.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Man created God in his own image.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	God did not create the world in 7 days. He screwed around for 6 days and then pulled an all-nighter.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Jesus loves the Ku Klux Klanners, Jesus loves the KKK, Pointy hats and flowing robes, Burning crosses, homophobes! Jesus loves the Klanners of the world!
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	In Ottawa the xians put up an "abortion stills a beating heart" poster outside the local abortion clinic. Someone wrote over it: "A christian with a gun stills a beating heart."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Faith is deciding to allow yourself to believe something your intellect would otherwise cause you to reject -- otherwise there's no need for faith."
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	A slippery day in the Bible: When Balam went through Jerusalem on his ass.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Theology: The study of elaborate verbal disguises for non-ideas.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	God: The Immutable Chameleon; whenever the need is felt by one of his followers, He obligingly recreates himself to suit the occasion.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	The mind of the fundamentalist is like the pupil of the eye: the more light you pour on it, the more it will contract.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Q: Jesus was renowned for his ability to heal. What was the one affliction that proved to malignant for his cure? A: Christianity
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Jesus loves you all, and can't wait to control you like a small household pet
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Religion is the work of the Devil
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Never make a god of your religion
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	You Go Yahweh - and I'll go Mine!
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	God hated the world so much that he sent his only son so that whoever does not believe in him will perish and be denied eternal life.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Christianity is not a religion; it's an industry.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Belief in heaven is very difficult without a greedy desire for it: All scams need a hook."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Humanity sees its reflection in the mirrors that surround it, and thus gratified, calls this image perfect, good, merciful, omniscient, omnipresent, holy, just, and above all, love. So enchanted are these hairless apes with this, that they invent a special word for it: 'God'."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	I have to go take a christian. I need to find some apostle to wipe my god with, first. I hope I don't get any jesus on my fingers.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	All jesus could do was turn water into wine. Peter Piper picked a peck of pickled peppers - could JC do that?
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	The scientist yearns to find and eventually know the truth; The religious man wants the truth to fit his preconceived mold. So, as a result... The scientist alters his perception to conform to the facts; The religious man tries to change the facts to conform to his beliefs.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	INRI: Idiots Need Reassuring Ideologies
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Religions are what dreams are made of.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	All Gods were immortal.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	For many, faith is a suitable substitute for knowledge, as death is for a difficult life.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	In religion we believe only what we do not understand, except in the instance of an intelligible doctrine that contradicts an incomprehensible one. In that case we believe the former as part of the latter.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Christian humility is preached by the clergy, but practiced only by the lower classes.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	The Christian lives in a nightmare and thinks it is a pleasant dream.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Whatever we cannot easily understand we call God: this saves much wear and tear on the brain tissues.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	To the philosophic eye, the vices of the clergy are far less dangerous than their virtues.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	The religion of one age is the literary entertainment of the next.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	It's a happy bishop who hasn't got a saint in his diocese.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	It is no accident that the symbol of a bishop is a crook, and the sign of an archbishop is a double-cross.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Consider the ignorance of the average fundamentalist. Then realize that by definition fully half of them must be even dumber than that.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	JESUS IS COMING! Are you going to spit or swallow?
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We preach peace, forgiveness, tolerance and love. We practice vengeance, persecution, hatred and domination. My personal beliefs are supported and validated by my convictions. Oh, and never forget .... my religion is truth, yours is a lie." [Religion, paraphrased (unknown)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	JWs: "If we were to tell you that there is an army of angels waiting in Heaven, and on the Day of Judgement they will be unleashed upon the world to slay all the unbelievers, what would your response be?" Response: "Pre-emptive nuclear strike."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	The Religious Right aren't, and Scientific Creationism isn't.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If the Bible proves that God exists then comic books prove the existence of Superman." [Seen on the #Atheism IRC]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	A Humanist or an Atheist can't tell you to go to hell but a Christian can and will.
off-atheism	nsfw	nsfw	1	Out of convicted rapists, 57% admitted to reading pornography. 95% admitted to reading the Bible.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	You'll never find a dead Christian in a foxhole who didn't pray.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	The Holy Father is neither
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	If the baby goes to heaven And the doctor goes to hell If the woman gets forgiveness What's the problem pray tell!?
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Read the Buy-Bull
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Although it is said that faith can move mountains, experience has shown that dynamite works better.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	><DARWIN> L L
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	Religion is to rationality as bullshit is to horsepower.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	The greater your ignorance, the more evidence you have for the existence of God!
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Mysticism is a disease of the mind."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"As long as Baptists can stagger to the polls, there will never be liquor by the drink in this town."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If God had wanted us to make sense, He would have existed."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	The last time we mixed religion and government people were burned at the stake. -- bumper sticker
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Find God? Why, is God missing?
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Freedom is the Distance Between Church and State
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	To Hell With the Baptists, I'm Going to Disney Land
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	Focus on Your Own Damn Family
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Wise Men Still Seek Him...Apparently, He's lost.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Jesus Loves Me, Yes I Know / For the Voices Tell Me So.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	When The Religious Right Takes Over, We'll All Live In Iran
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Welcome to Burger God: Have it YAHWEH!
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Want to know what happens after death? Go look at some dead things.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Public prayer...Don't Stand for it!
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	A mystic is someone who wants to understand the universe, but is too lazy to study physics
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	I am a demo religious meme which has been replicated here. You will be blessed if you copy me and pass me on to infect the next mind. And damned if you don't.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Jesus - Myth or Legend?
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Re: God... 1) The emperor has no clothes. 2) There is no emperor.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Christians believe that the most wonderful thing that can happen to them is to go to Heaven, but few of them are in a hurry to make the trip.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Religion is a major weapon in the war against reality.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Help preserve your child's belief in Santa Claus. Tell him or her that Santa will send them to hell if they don't believe in him.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	There are none more ignorant and useless, than they that seek answers on their knees, with their eyes closed.
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	God inspires men to preach what sounds like bullshit. Men who preach the bullshit admit it sounds like bullshit. God punishes those who hear the bullshit and characterize it as bullshit. If God has a problem with that, it's His own damn fault.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If, as they say, God spanked this town For being much too frisky, Why did He burn His churches down And save Hotaling's Whiskey?" [Poem on 1906 San Francisco earthquake and fire, in which the city's largest whiskey distillery was left unscathed]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If god doesn't like the way I live, Let him tell me, not you." [As seen on a button]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Person 1: Solomon had many horses, he had many wives; he did exactly the opposite of what the bible says... Person 2: He was the wisest of men..." [transcript of actual talk show]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Christianity: Safer than a lobotomy, but just as effective.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Once purged of the insanity, plagiarisms, illegalities, contradictions, and the perverse, the Bible could be printed on match book covers while increasing it's usefulness.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	A metaphysician is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat that isn't there, and a theologian is one who finds the cat.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	The Christians have fathers who aren't fathers, mothers who aren't mothers, brothers who aren't brothers, and sisters who aren't sisters, they swear off sex, and then try to explain "family values" to the rest of us.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Atheism and truth, 2 words 1 meaning.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Cogito, ergo non credo.
off-atheism	nsfw	nsfw	1	Exploring the universe through meditation is like studying human relationships through masturbation.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	A god's primary function is to confirm for us deeply held beliefs that we can't let go of, even in the face of overwhelming evidence. When you are totally and absolutely convinced of something fundamentally unreasonable, it helps to believe you have divine guidance.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	At one point in time, many of us actually had Jesus as our personal lord and saviour. Unfortunately, we later had to dismiss him for incompetence, gross negligence, misconduct and consistent failure to show up for work.
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	The Fundamentalist == Knows no greater joy than the sound of his own voice. == Knows no greater terror than the god he creates in his own image. == Knows no greater evil than an unfettered mind. == Knows no greater blasphemy than being told "NO."
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	religion is a socio-political institution for the control of people's thoughts, lives, and actions; based on ancient myths and superstitions perpetrated through generations of subtle yet pervasive brainwashing."
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"Probably get his dumb ass nailed to a cross..." [Response to WWJD (What Would Jesus Do) paraphernalia]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When the philosopher's argument becomes tedious, complicated, and opaque, it is usually a sign that he is attempting to prove as true to the intellect what is plainly false to common sense." [Edward Abbey (from Voice Crying in the Wilderness)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The missionaries go forth to Christianize the savages-- as if the savages weren't dangerous enough already." [Edward Abbey]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Fantastic doctrines (like Christianity or Islam or Marxism) require unanimity of belief. One dissenter casts doubt on the creed of millions. Thus the fear and hate; thus the torture chamber, the iron stake, the gallows, the labor camp, the psychiatric ward." [Edward Abbey]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Belief in the supernatural reflects a failure of the imagination." [Edward Abbey]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The world holds two classes of men -- intelligent men without religion, and religious men without intelligence." [Abu'l-Ala-Al-Ma'arri (973-1057; Syrian poet)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Who made who?" [AC/DC]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely. That unalterable rule applies both to God and man." [John Emerich Edward Dalberg-Acton (Lord Acton) in a letter to Bishop Mandell Creighton, April 5,1887]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If Atheism is a religion, then health is a disease!" [Clark Adams]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too?" [Douglas Adams]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Nothing defines humans better than their willingness to do irrational things in the pursuit of phenomenally unlikely payoffs. This is the principle behind lotteries, dating, and religion." [Scott Adams, "The Dilbert Principle"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Eat a big plate of jambalya, head off to the can, and meditate on this, "defecating is more productive than praying." [Todd Adamson]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Walking on water is easy. It is what we do for a living. You just have to know where the rocks are. Step from rock to rock, and those on the shore will think you are performing a miracle." [advice from professional prophets]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A spokesman for the Lyon Group, producers of _Barney and Friends_, denied that Barney is an instrument of Satan." [the Advocate, spring 1994]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The truth which makes men free is for the most part the truth which men prefer not to hear." [Herbert Agar, "A Time for Greatness" 1942]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Faith in God and seventy-five cents will get you a cup of coffee." [Wayne Aiken]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The so-called religious right of the Republican Party- the Christian right, they call themselves, although in my view they are neither Christian nor right- is after a totalitarian state." [Edward Albee, interview in Progressive August 1996 issue]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Had I been present at the creation of the world, I would have proposed some improvements." [Alfonso X (Alfonso the Wise; 1226-1284; King of Castile)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Sensible men no longer believe in miracles; they were invented by priests to humbug the peasants." [King Alfonso]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Goodnight, thank you, and may your god go with you" [Dave Allen, Irish Comedian, at the end of all of his shows]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Most of us spend the first 6 days of each week sowing wild oats, then we go to church on Sunday and pray for a crop failure." [Fred Allen]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religions change; beer and wine remain" [Harvey Allen]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"One social evil for which the New Testament is clearly in part responsible is anti-Semitism." [Steve Allen, "Steve Allen, on the Bible Religion & Morality"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Ideas have consequences, and totally erroneous ideas are likely to have destructive consequences." [Steve Allen, "More Steve Allen, on the Bible Religion & Morality"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God is by definition the holder of all possible knowledge, it would be impossible for him to have faith in anything. Faith, then, is built upon ignorance and hope." [Steve Allen, "More Steve Allen, on the Bible Religion & Morality"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No actual tyrant known to history has ever been guilty of one-hundredth of the crimes, massacres, and other atrocities attributed to the Deity in the Bible." [Steve Allen, "More Steve Allen, on the Bible Religion & Morality"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It is not hardness of heart or evil passions that drive certain individuals to atheism, but rather a scrupulous intellectual honesty." [Steve Allen, quoted in "2000 Years of Disbelief, Famous People with the Courage to Doubt", by James A. Haught, Prometheus Books, 1996]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Another philosopher suggests that saying prayers is equivalent to believing that the universe is governed by a Being who changes his mind if you ask him to." [Steve Allen, "Steve Allen On the Bible, Religion and Morality," 1990]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Not only is God dead, but just try to find a plumber on weekends." [Woody Allen]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"As the poet said, "Only God can make a tree" -- probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on." [Woody Allen]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"How can I believe in God when just last week I got my tongue caught in the roller of an electric typewriter?" [Woody Allen]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I do not believe in an afterlife, although I am bringing a change of underwear." [Woody Allen]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If we encounter in a personality fear of divine punishment as the sole sanction for right doing, we can be sure we are dealing with a childish conscience, with a case of arrested development." [Gordon W. Allport, "Becoming"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Imagine encouraging [a child] to participate in such 'twisted' rituals and worshiping of tortuous crucifixes and such like this from birth. No wonder we have so many hateful and sadistic people in our society." [Brent Allsop 10-27-95 (news:alt.atheism)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Immaculate deceptions going on every day, still you follow the clowns who give the circus away" [The Almighty]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Adam was deceived by Eve, not Eve by Adam.....it is right that he whom that woman induced to sin should assume the role of guide lest he fall again through feminine instability." [St. Ambrose, Bishop of Milan, letter 63, 396]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Prayer won't cure AIDS. Research will." [Public service advertisement of the American Foundation for AIDS Research, dropped because of complaints by religionists, from Freethought Today, March 1997]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In order to see Christianity, one must forget almost all Christians." [Henri F. Amiel]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A belief is not true because it is useful." [Henri Frederic Amiel]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I acted alone on God's orders." [Yigal Amir, assassin of Yitzak Rabin, Israeli PM]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Father says bow your head, Like the Good Book says. I think the Good Book is missing some pages..." [Tori Amos]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I got enough guilt to start my own religion" [Tori Amos]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I always thought I'd make a good girlfriend for Jesus" [Tori Amos]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"I used to get really pissed off that my life was so dictated by when this Jesus guy was born and when he was dying every year. I felt really resentful that I couldn't get on with my own life because I was so busy with his." [Tori Amos]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"that kind of god is always man-made they made him up then wrote a book to keep you on your knees" [Skunk Anansie, "Selling Jesus"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Everything has a natural explanation. The moon is not a god but a great rock and the sun a hot rock." [Anaxagorus, ca. 475 BC]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No, no, no -- you don't argue with concepts. You have to claim Dogma, and therefore leave no room for rational thought." [Kevin J. Anderson, _Flashback_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Philosophy is questions that may never be answered. Religion is answers that may never be questioned." [Anemones]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Every man thinks God is on his side. The rich and powerful know he is." [Jean Anouilh (1910-87) French dramatist, playwright]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Adam blamed Eve, Eve blamed the serpent and the serpent didn't have a leg to stand on." [Anonymous]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There are ten church members by inheritance for every one by conviction." [Anonymous]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A good rule for interpretation is: 'If the literal sense makes good sense, seek no other sense lest you come up with nonsense'" [Anonymous]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Since the Bible and the church are obviously mistaken in telling us where we came from, how can we trust them to tell us where we are going?" [Anonymous]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I believe that there is no God, but that matter is God and God is matter; and that it is no matter whether there is any God or no." [Anon., "The Unbeliever's Creed," 1754]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A cardinal doctrine in the Christian faith is total depravity." [Letter to the editor, Antelope Valley Press, Lancaster CA, June 20, 1998]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides with their own desires." [Susan B. Anthony]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To no form of religion is woman indebted for one impulse of freedom..." [Susan B. Anthony]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I was born a heretic. I always distrust people who know so much about what God wants them to do to their fellows." [Susan B. Anthony]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I suggest that the anthropomorphic god-idea is not a harmless infirmity of human thought, but a very noxious fallacy, which is largely responsible for the calamities the world is at present enduring" [William Archer (1856-1924), _Theology and War_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To me it seems that mankind can never achieve its highest potentialities till it has thrown off the incubus of historic (and prehistoric) religion..." [William Archer (1856-1924), "Is the Battle,Won?"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"'Theocracy' has always been the synonym for a bleak and narrow, if not a fierce and blood-stained tyranny." [William Archer (1667-1735)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If you were taught that elves caused rain, every time it rained, you'd see the proof of elves." [Ariex]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Men create gods after their own image, not only with regard to their form but with regard to their mode of life." [Aristotle, quoted in "2000 Years of Disbelief, Famous People with the Courage to Doubt", by James A. Haught, Prometheus Books, 1996]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"(R)eligious teaching has had effects the precise opposite of those commonly held to be its prerogative - the advocacy of truth and high conduct." [Dr. Henry Edward Armstrong, "The Outlook for Reason"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"All the biblical miracles will at last disappear with the progress of science." [Matthew Arnold (1822-1888)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Miracles do not happen." [Matthew Arnold, Literature and Dogma, last words of preface to 1883 edition]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It is almost impossible to exaggerate the proneness of the human mind to take miracles as evidence, and to seek for miracles as evidence." [Matthew Arnold, "Literature and Dogma"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We are only fabulous beasts, after all." [John Ashbery]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I've come to the conclusion that there can be little or no dialogue between 'proclaimers of truth' (religious and secular ideologues) and 'discoverers of truth' (empiricists). The former tend to debate, the latter tend to discuss." [Edward H. Ashment]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Humanity has the stars in its future, and that future is too important to be lost under the burden of juvenile folly and ignorant superstition." [Isaac Asimov]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To surrender to ignorance and call it God has always been premature, and it remains premature today." [Isaac Asimov]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It is rather remarkable that such a deed would be overlooked when many more far less wicked deeds of Herod were carefully described." [Isaac Asimov, "Guide to the Bible", on Herod's allegedly killing all young male children to prevent the messiah]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Creationists make it sound as though a 'theory' is something you dreamt up after being drunk all night." [Isaac Asimov]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The bible must be seen in a cultural context. It didn't just happen. These stories are retreads. But, tell a Christian that
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I don't believe in an afterlife, so I don't have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing heaven even more. For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse." [Isaac Asimov]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...anger is the common substitute for logic among those who have no evidence for what they desperately want to believe." [Isaac Asimov, in essay "Hobgoblin", 1980, reprinted in his essay collection "The Tyrannosaurus Prescription"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Every religion seems like a fantasy to outsiders, but as holy truth to those of the faith." [Isaac Asimov, in essay "Is Fantasy Forever", 1982, reprinted in his essay collection "The Tyrannosaurus Prescription"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Properly read, the Bible is the most potent force for atheism ever conceived." [Isaac Asimov]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"So the universe is not quite as you thought it was. You'd better rearrange your beliefs, then. Because you certainly can't rearrange the universe." [Isaac Asimov & Robert Silverberg _Nightfall_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It seems to me that it's insulting to human beings to imply that only a system of rewards and punishments can keep you a decent human being...I have a conscience. It doesn't depend on religion." [Isaac Asimov]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It's rather a shame. Now that the creationists are deprived of their chance of burning people at the stake, their best argument is gone." [Isaac Asimov, "Life and Time," 1979]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"My aim is to argue that the universe can come into existence without intervention, and that there is no need to invoke the idea of a Supreme Being in one of its numerous manifestations." [Peter William Atkins, preface to _The Creation_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I enjoy a little christian-bashing, now and then." [Atlanta Freethought Society member survey]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"People everywhere enjoy believing things that they know are not true. It spares them the ordeal of thinking for themselves and taking responsibility for what they know." [Brook Atkinson, "Once Around the Sun"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Atheists!? I bet you're feeling a right bunch of charlies..... And Christians!? Over here please. Yes, you see, I'm afraid that the jews were right after all." [Rowan Atkinson as The Devil (or 'Toby') welcoming new arrivals to Hell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The good Christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who make empty prophecies. The danger already exists that mathematicians have made a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the bonds of Hell." [Saint Augustine]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I feel that nothing so casts down the manly mind from it's height as the fondling of women and those bodily contacts which belong to the married state." [St. Augustine, De Trinitate 7.7]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"All diseases of Christians are to be ascribed to demons; chiefly do they torment freshly-baptized Christians, yea, even the guiltless new-born infants." [Saint Augustine (354-430)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Nothing is so much to be shunned as sex relations." [St. Augustine (354-430), "Soliloquies"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Women should not be enlightened or educated in any way. They should, in fact, be segregated as they are the cause of hideous and involuntary erections in holy men." [St. Augustine]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"This then is not God, if thou has comprehended it; but if this be God, thou hast not comprehended it." [St. Augustine, "Sermo LII"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It is impossible that there should be inhabitants on the opposite side of the Earth, since no such race is recorded by Scripture among the descendants of Adam." [St. Augustine, from "The Dark Side of Christian History" by Linda Ellerbe, 1995, Morningstar Books]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Any woman who does not give birth to as many children as she is capable is guilty of murder." [St. Augustine]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If anyone can show me, and prove to me, that I am wrong in thought or deed, I will gladly change. I seek the truth, which never yet hurt anybody. It is only persistence in self-delusion and ignorance which does harm." [Marcus Aurelius]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God loves all his children, by gum. That don't mean he won't incinerate some. Can't you feel those hot flames licking you..." [Austin Lounge Lizards, "Jesus Loves Me"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religious Cult: The church down the street from yours." [_B.C._ cartoon, 30 April 1994]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The earth is flat, and anyone who disputes this claim is an atheist who deserves to be punished." [Muslim religious edict, 1993 Sheik Abdel-Aziz Ibn Baaz Supreme religious authority, Saudi Arabia]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The general root of superstition is that men observe when things hit, and not when they miss and commit to memory the one, and pass over the other." [Sir Francis Bacon]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A bad man is worse when he pretends to be a saint." [Francis Bacon]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The trinitarian believes a virgin to be the mother of a son who is her maker." [Sir Francis Bacon, quoted in "2000 Years of Disbelief, Famous People with the Courage to Doubt", by James A. Haught, Prometheus Books, 1996]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"People prefer to believe what they prefer to be true." [Francis Bacon]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Hey Brother Christian with your high and mighty errand Your actions speak so loud I can't hear a word you're saying(...) Hey Moral Soldier you've got righteous proclamations And precious tomes to fuel your pulpy conflagrations" [Bad Religion, "I want to conquer the world"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"And I want to conquer the world, Give all the idiots a brand new religion..." [Bad Religion]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No one really knows why we die No one gets a break, so we try Ignoring mortality, we worship mediocrity And wait to see what happens up on high" [Bad Religion, "In so Many Ways"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Speak of Truth with a mighty voice But politics are your real choice Hire men to change the Law Protect and serve with one small flaw The Voice of God is government!" [Bad Religion]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"So long as there are earnest believers in the world, they will always wish to punish opinions, even if their judgment tells them it is unwise and their conscience that it is wrong." [Walter Bagehot, Literary Studies]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...Jesus was almost certainly not 'of Nazareth'. An overwhelming body of evidence indicates that Nazareth did not exist in biblical times. The town is unlikely to have appeared before the third century." [Baigent, Leigh and Lincoln, _The Messianic Legacy_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Why is it that Christianity more than any other of the world's religions has succumbed to the racist disease?" [John Austin Baker, the former Bishop of Salisbury UK, Theology and Racism, quoted by Edward Patey, Dean of Liverpool Cathedral in "Questions for Today", 1986, p81]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It's not listed in the Bible, but my spiritual gift, my specific calling from God, is to be a television talk-show host." [James Bakker]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I wake up every morning and I wish I were dead, and so does Jim." [Tammy Fae Bakker]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...and now we're down to our last $37,000." "But just last week you said you were down to your last $50,000, what happened to $13,000 since then?" "Uh...um...I don't know." [Tammy Fae Bakker]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God." [Tammy Faye Bakker (1942-), U.S. television evangelist, former co-host of PTL TV ministry and wife of Jim Bakker who was imprisoned for defrauding his followers. From "Observer" (London), 28 Feb. 1988]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There's times when I just have to quit thinking... and the only way I can quit thinking is by shopping." [Tammy Faye Bakker, in "And I Quote," by Ashton Applewhite, 1992]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I take Him shopping with me. I say, "OK, Jesus, help me find a bargain." [Tammy Faye Bakker, from "Food for Thought," internet collection by Jack Tourette]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"You don't have to be dowdy to be a Christian." [Tammy Faye Bakker, "Newsweek," 8 Jun. 1987]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I always say shopping is cheaper than a psychiatrist." [Tammy Faye Bakker, in "And I Quote," by Ashton Applewhite, 1992]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A Boss in Heavan is the best excuse for a boss on earth, therefore If God did exist, he would have to be abolished." [Mikhail Aleksandrovich Bakunin (1814-1876) Russian anarchist, atheist author, and founder of Nihilism, from "God and the State", 1874]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A jealous lover of human liberty, deeming it the absolute condition of all that we admire and respect in humanity, I reverse the phrase of Voltaire and say, 'if God really existed, it would be necessary to abolish him.'" [Mikhail Bakunin, "God and the State", 1874]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If God is, man is a slave; now, man can and must be free; then, God does not exist." I defy anyone whomsoever to avoid this circle; now, therefore, let all choose." [Mikhail Bakunin, "God and the State", 1874]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The first revolt is against the supreme tyranny of theology, of the phantom of God. As long as we have a master in heaven, we will be slaves on earth." [Mikhail A. Bakunin, "God and the State," from James A. Haught, ed., 2000 Years of Disbelief]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Christianity is the complete negation of common sense and sound reason." [Mikhail A. Bakunin, God and the State, from James A. Haught, ed., 2000 Years of Disbelief]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...the Bible as we have it contains elements that are scientifically incorrect or even morally repugnant. No amount of "explaining away" can convince us that such passages are the product of Divine Wisdom." [Bernard J. Bamberger, _The Story of Judaism_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Love your drag, honey, but did you know your purse is on fire?" [Tallulah Bankhead, to the censer preceding the bishop up the aisle at Catholic service]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Reason shapes the future, but superstition infects the present." [Iain M Banks]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The very concept of sin comes from the bible. Christianity offers to solve a problem of its own making! Would you be thankful to a person who cut you with a knife in order to sell you a bandage?" [Dan Barker, "Losing Faith in Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"How happy can you be when you think every action and thought is being monitored by a judgmental ghost?" [Dan Barker, "Losing Faith in Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"You can cite a hundred references to show that the biblical God is a bloodthirsty tyrant, but if they can dig up two or three verses that say "God is love," they will claim that *you* are taking things out of context!" [Dan Barker, "Losing Faith in Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There is joy in rationality, happiness in clarity of mind. Freethought is thrilling and fulfilling--absolutely essential to mental health and happiness." [Dan Barker, "Losing Faith in Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It's not easy to change world views. Faith has its own momentum and belief is comfortable. To restructure reality is traumatic and scary. That is why many intelligent people continue to believe: unbelief is an unknown." [Dan Barker, "Losing Faith in Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"For my money, I'll bet on reason and humanistic kindness. Even if I am wrong I will have enjoyed my life, the existence of which is under little dispute." [Dan Barker, "Losing Faith in Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The longer I have been an atheist, the more amazed I am that I ever believed Christian notions." [Dan Barker, "Losing Faith in Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Not thinking critically, I assumed that the "successful" prayers were proof that God answers prayer while the failures were proof that there was something wrong with me." [Dan Barker, "Losing Faith in Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To think that the ruler of the universe will run to my assistance and bend the laws of nature for me is the height of arrogance." [Dan Barker, "Losing Faith in Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	nsfw	1	"Without "The Law of Moses" would we all be wandering around like little gods, stealing, raping, and spilling blood whenever our vanity was offended?" [Dan Barker, "Losing Faith in Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Just say NO to religion." [Dan Barker]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"You keep accusing me of blasphemy all of the time, But I cannot be convicted of a victimless crime." [Dan Barker]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Faith is a cop-out. It is intellectual bankruptcy. If the only way you can accept an assertion is by faith, then you are conceding that it can't be taken on its own merits." [Dan Barker Former evangelist, author, critic]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I am an atheist because there is no evidence for the existence of God. That should be all that needs to be said about it: no evidence, no belief." [Dan Barker, "Losing Faith in Faith: From Preacher to Atheist"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If the answers to prayer are merely what God wills all along, then why pray?" [Dan Barker, "Losing Faith in Faith: From Preacher to Atheist"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We were blood brothers, pals forever. He was my very best friend. Nobody else could see him. I now know he was just pretend." [Dan Barker]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I threw out all the bath water, and there was no baby there." [Dan Barker, referring to the Bible in a debate, 1989]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If there were a god, there would be no need for religion. If there were not a god, there would be no need for religion." [Ron Barrier, Rbargodnow@aol.com]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There is no such thing as a god. If such a creature existed, belief would be rendered unnecessary, and the entire system of organized religion would collapse." [Ron Barrier, Rbargodnow@aol.com]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Atheism - Your Gain, No Pain!" [Ron Barrier]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God is a placebo for your own mortality." [Robert Barron]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In fact, when you get right down to it, almost every explanation Man came up with for *anything* until about 1926 was stupid." [Dave Barry]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Pretty rowdy behavior for Jesus. He'd get a buzz off the beer and go squealing out of the parking lot." [Bartender in Waco, TX]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If you have seen me cross myself, it was to Science, Art and Nature." [Bela Bartok]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There should be absolutely no 'Separation of Church and State' in America." [David Barton, president of Wallbuilders and a close ally of the Christian Coalition, 1994 Anti-Defamation League Report]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If a man achieves or suffers change in premises which are deeply embedded in his mind, he will surely find that the results of that change will ramify throughout his whole universe." [Gegory Bateson]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"All the idols made by man, however terrifying they may be, are in point of fact subordinate to him, and that is why he will always have it in his power to destroy them." [Simone de Beauvoir, "The Second Sex", 1949]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I cannot be angry at God, in whom I do not believe." [Simone de Beauvoir, from James A. Haught, ed., 2000 Years of Disbelief]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Hey Butt-Head check this book out! There's a talking snake, a naked chick, then some guy puts a leaf on his SCHLONG!!" [Beavis and Butt-Head Do America]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We aim in the domain of politics at republicanism; in the domain of economics at socialism; in the domain of what is today called religion, at atheism." [August Bebel, Summary of Views]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Enough of acting the infant who has been told so often how he was found under a cabbage that in the end he remembers the exact spot in the garden and the kind of life he led there before joining the family circle." [Samuel Beckett]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There was never such a gigantic lie told as the fable of the Garden of Eden." [Henry Ward Beecher, early American preacher, from "What Great Men Think Of Religion" by Ira Cardiff]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all." [Francis Bellamy, 1892]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To assert that the earth revolves around the sun is as erroneous as to claim that Jesus was not born of a virgin." [Cardinal Bellarmino 1615, during the trial of Galileo]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Faith - the ability to believe the ridiculous for the sublime." [Rich Bennett]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No power of government ought to be employed in the endeavor to establish any system or article of belief on the subject of religion." [Jeremy Bentham, Constitutional Code from George Seldes, The Great Quotations 1967, p. 813]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Miracles happen to those who believe in them. Otherwise why does not the Virgin Mary appear to Lamaists, Mohammedans, or Hindus who have never heard of her." [Bernard Berenson (1865-1959), New York Times Book Review]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Homo sapiens, the only creature endowed with reason, is also the only creature to pin its existence on things unreasonable." [Henri Bergson, "Two Sources of Morality and Religion," 1935]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Christian glories in the death of a pagan, because thereby Christ himself is glorified." [Saint Bernard of Clairvaux]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Culture is powerfully conservative. It enforces obedience to authority, the authority of parents, of history, of custom, of superstition." [Richard Bernstein, "Dictatorship of Virtue"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Modern societies march towards morality in proportion as they leave religion behind." [Paul Bert]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"[N]o philosophy, no religion, has ever brought so glad a message to the world as this good news of Atheism." [Annie Besant, "The Gospel of Atheism"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Never yet has a God been defined in terms which were not palpably self-contradictory and absurd; never yet has a God been described so that a concept of Him was made possible to human thought." [Annie Besant]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I think it was Whitehead who said that religion is whatever a person does when alone. I'd say that religion is whatever a person does with their life. In either case, the national religion of America is television and jacking off." [Carl Bettis]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"As a man can drink water from any side of a full tank, so the skilled theologian can wrest from any scripture that which will serve his purpose." [Bhagavad Gita [The Lord's Song] (250 B.C.-A.D. 250)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If you love god, burn a church" [Jello Biafra]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...balance the budget? Tax religion." [Jello Biafra]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Can God fill teeth?" [Jello Biafra]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Christianity is like tying a rubber hose around your common sense and shooting up with God." [Jello Biafra]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"See god? That is the easiest thing in the world. He always appears to me in the bottom of the tenth glass of beer... and sometimes as a beautiful, young, female nude." [theologian Franz Bibfeldt on the reality of visions]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Any idiot can believe in Jesus H. Christ. To truly understand all that confusion in the gospels takes a real contortionist scholar." [Franz Bibfeldt, German theologian]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Saint: A dead sinner revised and edited. [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary, 1911]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Pray: To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled in behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy. [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary, 1911]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religions are conclusions for which the facts of nature supply no major premises." [Ambrose Bierce, "Collected Works" (1912)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Evangelist, n., A bearer of good tidings, particularly (in a religious sense) such as assure us of our own salvation and the damnation of our neighbours. [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary, 1911]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Scriptures: The sacred books of our holy religion, as distinguished from the false and profane writings on which all other faiths are based. [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary, 1911]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Religion, n: A daughter of Hope and Fear, explaining to Ignorance the Nature of the Unknowable. [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary, 1911]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Faith, n. Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel. [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary, 1911]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Infidel: In New York, one who does not believe in the Christian religion; in Constantinople, one who does. [Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914), American author]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Ocean: A body of water occupying 2/3 of a world made for man -- who has no gills." [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary, 1911]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Heaven: A place where the wicked cease from troubling you with talk of their personal affairs, and the good listen with attention while you expound on yours. [Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914) American author]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Clergyman, n. A man who undertakes the management of our spiritual affairs as a method of better his temporal ones. [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary, 1911]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Convent. A place of retirement for women who wish for leisure to meditate upon the sin of idleness. [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Impiety. Your irreverence toward my deity. [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary, 1911]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Irreligion. The principal one of the great faiths of the world. [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary, 1911]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The pig is taught by sermons and epistles, To think the god of swine has snout and bristles." [Ambrose Bierce, "The Devils Dictionary"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Immortality, A toy which people cry for, And on their knees apply for, Dispute, contend and lie for, And if allowed Would be right proud Eternally to die for." [Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Funeral: a pageant whereby we attest our respect for the dead by enriching the undertaker, and strengthen our grief by an expenditure that deepens our groans and doubles our tears." [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary, 1911]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Mammon: the god of the world's leading religion." [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary, 1911]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Prophecy: the art and practice of selling one's credibility for future delivery." [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary, 1911]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Revelation: a famous book in which St. John the Divine concealed all that he knew. The revealing is done by the commentators, who know nothing." [Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary, 1911]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Take not God's name in vain -- select A time when it will have effect." [Ambrose Bierce, "The Devil's Dictionary"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof." [First Amendment, Bill of Rights, U.S. Constitution]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion is a means of exploitation employed by the strong against the weak; religion is a cloak of ambition, injustice and vice." [Georges Bizet, letter to Edmond Galabert, 1866]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"None of the people who claim to have found God have given us any reason to accept that they have, indeed, found anything but their own delusions." [Kelsey Bjarnason]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"One would no more join Christianity to show love and acceptance than one would become a Nazi to show racial tolerance." [Kelsey Bjarnason]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Never before have I encountered such corrupt and foul-minded perversity! Have you ever considered a career in the Church?" [Black Adder II]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No person can be punished for entertaining or professing religious beliefs or disbeliefs, for church attendance or nonattendance." [U.S. Supreme Court justice Hugo Black, Majority opinion Everson v. Board of Education 330 U.S. 1 (1947)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The First Amendment has erected a wall between church and state. That wall must be kept high and impregnable. We could not approve the slightest breach." [Hugo L. Black, U.S. Supreme Court Justice, majority opinion in Everson v. Board of Education, 330 U.S. 1 (1947),last words]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Its first and most immediate purpose rested on the belief that a union of government and religion tends to destroy government and degrade religion." [Justice Black, US Supreme Court Justice, on the 1st Amendment]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"[The First Amendment] requires the state to be a neutral in its relations with groups of believers and non-believers." [Justice Black, lead opinion, Everson v. Board of Education, 330 US 1 (1947)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Bible doesn't forbid suicide. It's Catholic directive, intended to slow down their loss of martyrs." [Ellen Blackstone]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Superstition is the religion of feeble minds." [Edmund Blake (1729-1797)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Whenever I think of how religion started, I picture some frustrated old man making out a list of all the ways he could gain power, until he finally came up with the great solution of constant fear and guilt, then he leaped up and started planning a new wardrobe." [Steve Blake]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"As the caterpillar chooses the fairest leaves to lay her eggs on, so the priest lays his curse on the fairest joys." [William Blake, from "Proverbs of Hell"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Prisons are built with stones of Law, Brothels with bricks of Religion." [William Blake, "The Marriage of Heaven and Hell"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Christians were the first to make the existence of Satan a dogma of the church. What is the use in a Pope if there is no Devil?" [Elena Blavatsky]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There has never been a religion in the annals of the world with such a bloody record as Christianity." [Elena Blavatsky]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion is like chemotherapy, it may solve one problem, but it can cause a million more." [John Bledsoe]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Sure, there's still war in the Balkans, but the Supreme Being of the universe seems to have become shallow and spends all his time intervening in sporting events." [John Bloom (aka Joe Bob Briggs), comment after the Super Bowl]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There is a God, but He drinks" [Blore]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Considering all the evil that exists in the world, the fact that all of religion's condemnation is focused on expressing disapproval of two people loving each other proves just how evil religion is." [Jan deBoer]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Everything is more or less organized matter. To think so is against religion, but I think so just the same." [Napoleon Bonapart]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If I had to choose a religion, the sun as the universal giver of life would be my god." [Napoleon Bonaparte]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich." [Napoleon Bonaparte]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I am surrounded by priests who repeat incessantly that their kingdom is not of this world, and yet they lay their hands on everything they can get." [Napoleon Bonaparte]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion divides us, while it is our human characteristics that bind us to each other." [Sir Hermann Bondi, interview in Free Inquiry magazine]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I want to boldly affirm Uncle Tom. The black community must stop criticizing Uncle Tom. He is a role model." [Wellington Boone, editorial board member of New Man, the Promise Keepers' official magazine, in Breaking Through, p. 77]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"All women have been sexually abused by the Bible teachings, and institutions set on set on its fundamentalist interpretations. There would be no need for the women's movement if the church and Bible hadn't abused them." [Father Leo Booth]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If God has made the world a perfect mechanism, He has at least conceded so much to our imperfect intellect that in order to predict little parts of it, we need not solve innumerable differential equations, but can use dice with fair success." [Max Born]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Freedom is the distance between church and state." [John Boston]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Pray, and all your sins are hooked upon the sky. Pray, and the heathen lie will disappear. Prayers, they hide the saddest views, Believing the strangest things, Loving the alien." [David Bowie]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Boy Scouts of America maintain that no member can grow into the best kind of citizen without recognizing his obligation to God." [Boy Scouts of America, statement on membership form]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The recognition of God as the ruling and leading power in the universe and the grateful acknowledgment of His favors and blessings are necessary to the best type of citizenship..." [Boy Scouts of America policy, 1970]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No man is much good unless he believes in God and obeys His laws. So every Scout should have religion." [BSA Scouting Handbook, first edition]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...Any organization could profit from a 10-year-old member with enough strength of character to refuse to swear falsely." [New York Times editorial, 12/12/93, on the Boy Scouts' refusing membership to Mark Welsh, who would not sign a religious oath]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The word heretic ought to be a term of honour..." [Charles Bradlaugh]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I cannot follow you Christians; for you try to crawl through your life upon your knees, while I stride through mine on my feet." [Charles Bradlaugh]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Atheists would teach men to be moral now, not because God offers as an inducement reward by and by, but because in the virtuous act itself immediate good is insured to the doer and the circle surrounding him." [Charles Bradlaugh, "A Plea for Atheism", 1864]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If it stood alone it would be almost sufficient to plead asjustification for heresy the approach towards equality and liberty for the utterance of all opinions achieved because of growing unbelief." [Charles Bradlaugh, "Humanity's Gain from Unbelief," 1889]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If special honor is claimed for any, then heresy should have it as the truest servitor of humankind." [Charles Bradlaugh, speech in London, September 25, 1881, from James A. Haught, ed., 2000 Years of Disbelief]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The world presents enough problems if you believe it to be a world of law and order; do not add to them by believing it to be a world of miracles." [U.S. Supreme Court Justice Louis D. Brandeis]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Anyone who engages in the practice of psychotherapy confronts every day the devastation wrought by the teachings of religion." [Nathaniel Branden, Ph.D. Psychologist, author The Six Pillars of Self-Esteem]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"You go back and tell Brigham Young that I'll give up the Lord's money when he sends me a receipt signed by the Lord, and no sooner." [Sam Brannan, as quoted in "California Saints" p. 153]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"My response to the statement that AIDS is God's punishment against homosexuals is that in that case, God has very bad aim." [David Bratman]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No myth of miraculous creation is so marvelous as the face of man's evolution." [Robert Briffault (1876-1948) "Rational Education",1930]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I find homosexuality disgustingly disturbing. This calls God and his designs into question. I feel a strong sense of fear for anyone who questions God's designs." [Arizona State Rep. Debra Brimhall (R-Snowflake) quoted in Arizona Republic, Feb. 4, 1999]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There is no faith, however respectable, no interest, however legitimate, which must not accommodate itself to the progress of human knowledge and bend before truth." [Paul Broca]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If God dislikes gay so much, how come he picked Michaelangelo, a known homosexual, to paint the Sistine Chapel ceiling while assigning Anita to go on TV and push orange juice?" [Greg R. Broderick]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To explain the unknown by the known is a logical procedure; to explain the known by the unknown is a form of theological lunacy." [David Brooks, "The Necessity of Atheism"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There is no stopping the world's tendency to throw off imposed restraints, the religious authority that is based on the ignorance of the many, the political authority that is based on the knowledge of the few." [Van Wyck Brooks, The Nation, 14 August 1954]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I hope you don't like my posts...that is the intent!" [Brother Orchid, demonstrating how to be christian]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The pursuit of happiness belongs to us, but we must climb around or over the church to get it." [Heywood Broun (1888-1939)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God, as some cynic has said, is always on the side which has the best football coach." [Heywood Broun]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If the Bible is mistaken in telling us where we came from, how can we trust it to tell us where we're going?" [Justin Brown]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"My lesbianism is an act of Christian charity. All those women out there are praying for a man, and I'm giving them my share." [Rita Mae Brown]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have ever believed, and do now know, that there are witches; they that doubt them do not only deny them, but [all] spirits, and are obliquely and upon consequence a sort, not of infidels, but of atheists." [Sir Thomas Browne, "Religio Medici"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If Jesus had been killed 20 years ago, Catholic school children would be wearing little Electric Chairs around their necks instead of crosses" [Lenny Bruce]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"He is a born again christian. The trouble is, he suffered brain damage during rebirth." [Lenny Bruce]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Morality becomes hypocrisy if it means accepting mothers suffering or dying in connection with unwanted pregnancies and illegal abortions--and unwanted children living in misery." [Gro Harlem Brundtland, at the Cairo population conference]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It is proof of a base and low mind for one to wish to think with the masses or majority, merely because the majority is the majority. Truth does not change because it is, or is not, believed by a majority of the people. [Giordano Bruno (1548-burned at the stake,1600)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"You pronounce sentence upon me with greater fear than I receive it." [Giordano Bruno to his inquisitors]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Who so itcheth to Philosophy must set to work by putting all things to doubt." [Giordano Bruno, "The Threefold Leas and Measure of the Three Speculative Sciences and the Principle of Many Practical Arts"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A pious man is one who would be an atheist if the king were." [Jean de La Bruy re (1645-1696)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If we have to give up either religion or education, we should give up education." [William Jennings Bryan]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"All the ills from which America suffers can be traced to the teaching of evolution." [William Jennings Bryan]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If the Bible had said that Jonah swallowed the whale, I would believe it." [William Jennings Bryan]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The parents have a right to say that no teacher paid by their money shall rob their children of faith in God and send them back to their homes skeptical, or infidels, or agnostics, or atheists." [William Jennings Bryan, testifying at the Scopes trial, July 16, 1925]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"As a mother, I know that homosexuals cannot biologically reproduce children; therefore, they must recruit our children." [Anita Bryant, 1977]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The atheist staring from his attic window is often nearer to God than the believer caught up in his own false image of God." [Martin Buber]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"An atheist is a man who has no invisible means of support." [John Buchan (1875-1940) British author, statesman]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"What's the Christian-bashing all about? Simple- a struggle for the soul of America is under way, a struggle to determine whose views, values, beliefs and standards will serve as the basis of law." [US Presidential candidate Pat Buchanan, Washington Times, June 15, 1995]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Our culture is superior. Our culture is superior because our religion is Christianity and that is the truth that makes men free." [US Presidential candidate Pat Buchanan, speech to the Christian Coalition, Sept. 1993, as reported in ADL Report, 1994]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Education must be founded upon knowledge, not upon faith; and religion itself should be taught in the public schools only as religious history..." [Friederich Buchner, "Man in the Past, Present, and Future"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Therefore man does not stand outside or above nature, but wholly and thoroughly in her midst..." [Ludwig Buchner, "Force and Matter"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I thank heaven for a man like Adolf Hitler, who built a front line of defense against the anti-Christ of Communism." [Frank Buchman (1878-1961), U.S. evangelist. New York World-Telegram (25 Aug. 1936)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I feel no need for any other faith than my faith in human beings. Like Confucius of old, I am so absorbed in the wonder of earth and the life upon it that I cannot think of heaven and the angels." [Pearl S. Buck]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Be born anywhere, little embryo novelist, but do not be born under the shadow of a great creed, not under the burden of original sin, not under the doom of Salvation." [Pearl S. Buck, Advice to Unborn Novelists]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Xianity: the braindead, educating the clueless on how to show the blind how to tell the mute how to witness to the deaf so they can galvanize the paraplegic into lifelong slavery to a non-existent god" ["Budikka", on alt.atheism]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Jesus Christ: A common exclamation indicating surprise, disgust, anger or bewilderment." [Chaz Bufe, The American Heretic's Dictionary]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Agnostic, n. A person who feels superior to atheists by merit of his ignorance of the rules of logic and evidence." [Chaz Bufe, The American Heretic's Dictionary]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Armies of Bible scholars and theologians have for centuries found respected employment devising artful explanations of the Bible often not really meaning what it says." [J. S. Bullion, Jr., U.S. freethinker, writer]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God and Country are an unbeatable team; they break all records for oppression and bloodshed." [Luis Buquel]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If someone were to prove to me-right this minute-that God, in all his luminousness, exists, it wouldn't change a single aspect of my behavior." [Luis Buquel (1900-1983), Spanish filmmaker. My Last Sigh, ch. 15 (1983)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"All my work in the field of science and research has come through a change in my earlier opinions on religion. Growth is the law of life. Orthodoxy is the death of scientific effort." [Luther Burbank, from "Burbank the Infidel" by Joseph Lewis]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Those who take refuge behind theological barbed wire fences, quite often wish they could have more freedom of thought, but fear the change to the great ocean of scientific truth as they would a cold bath plunge." [Luther Burbank, "Why I Am an Infidel," 1926]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have learned from Nature that dependence on unnatural beliefs weakens us in the struggle and shortens our breath for the race." [Luther Burbank]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The time has come for honest men to denounce false teachers and attack false gods." [Luther Burbank]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Science, unlike theology, never leads to insanity." [Luther Burbank as quoted by Joseph McCabe]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"This should be enough for one who lives for truth and service to his fellow passengers on the way. No avenging Jewish God, no satanic devil, no fiery hell is of any interest to me." [Luther Burbank]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The scientist is a lover of truth for the very love of truth itself, wherever it may lead." [Luther Burbank]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Prayer may be elevating if combined with work, and they who labor with head, hands or feet have faith and are generally quite sure of an immediate and favorable reply." [Luther Burbank quoted by Joseph Lewis]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I do not believe what has been served to me to believe. I am a doubter, a questioner, a skeptic." [Luther Burbank]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"However, when it can be proved to me that there is immortality, that there is resurrection beyond the gates of death, then will I believe. Until then, no." [Luther Burbank quoted by Edgar Waite]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"But as a scientist I cannot help feeling that all religions are on a tottering foundation. None is perfect or inspired. As for their prophets, there are as many today as ever before, only now science refuses to let them overstep the bounds of common sense." [Luther Burbank]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If a person's personal religious beliefs are sacred, they should not be peddled door-to-door like Girl Scout Cookies." [Marilyn Burge]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It is hard to say whether the doctors of law or divinity have made the greater advances in the lucrative business of mystery." [Edmund Burke, A Vindication of Natural Society, 1757]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In Biblical terms, my biggest sin is answering the fool. I debate creationists, evangelical 'scholars', and assorted theists who declare that _their_ version of the ontological argument works." [J. S. Burke, Usenet post]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If members of the early Christian church ever came into contact with any Christian living today, each side would, no doubt, condemn the other as heretical." [J. S. Burke, "Why Religion Persists"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Why has a religious turn of mind always a tendency to narrow and harden the heart?" [Robert Burns]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God knows, I'm not the thing I should be, Nor am I even the thing I could be, But twenty times I rather would be An atheist clean, Than under gospel colours hid be Just a screen." [Robert Burns, "Epistle to the Rev. John McMath]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Her people had no gods, only devils - which answer just as good a purpose among the ignorant and superstitious as do gods among the educated and superstitious." [Edgar Rice Burroughs, "Tarzan and the Ant Men"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Science has done more for the development of western civilization in one hundred years than Christianity did in eighteen hundred years." [John Burroughs (1837-1921) American naturalist, _The Light of Day_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Man is, and always has been, a maker of gods. It has been the most serious and significant occupation of his sojourn in the world." [John Burroughs]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It is always easier to believe than to deny. Our minds are naturally affirmative." [John Burroughs]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When I look up into the starry heavens at night and reflect upon what it is I really see there, I am constrained to say, 'there is no god'." [John Burroughs (1837-1921) American naturalist, _The Light of Day_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Science makes no claim to infallibility; it leaves that claim to be made by theologians." [John Burroughs (1837-1921), from Thomas S. Vernon, Great Infidels, M&M Press, 1989]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"If you're gonna do business with a religious son of a bitch.. GET IT IN WRITING. His word ain't worth shit, not with the good Lord telling him how to fuck you on the deal" [William S. Burroughs, from the CD "Spare Ass Annie and Other Tales"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Any belief in Creators or Purpose is wishful thinking. And when you point out that perhaps ALL thinking is wishful, reactions of intense irritation give evidence that we are not dealing with logic but with faith." [William S. Burroughs]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself" [Sir Richard F. Burton]
off-atheism	nsfw	nsfw	1	"There is no Heaven, there is no Hell; These are the dreams of baby minds; Tools of the wily Fetisheer, To fright the fools his cunning blinds." [Richard Francis Burton, The Kasidah]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"One religion is as true as another." [Robert Burton (1577-1640), The Anatomy of Melancholy]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"[T]he ideal of progress, freedom of thought, and the decline of ecclesiastical power go together." [J. B. Bury, "A History of Freedom of Thought," 1913, from Menendez and Doerr, The Great Quotations on Religious Freedom]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No, I don't know that Atheists should be considered as citizens, nor should they be considered as patriots. This is one nation under God." [Republican Presidential Nominee George Bush, 1987 to reporter Rob Sherman at Chicago's O'Hare airport]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Our priorities is our faith." [George W. Bush, Greensboro, N.C., Oct. 10, 2000]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Our new faith-based laws have removed government as a roadblock to people of faith who hear the call." [George W. Bush, September, 2000]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God:" The word that comes after "go-cart." [Samuel Butler (1835-1902), English author]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"An apology for the devil: it must be remembered that we have heard one side of the case. God has written all the books." [Samuel Butler, "Notebooks"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It is death, and not what comes after death, that men are generally afraid of." [Samuel Butler]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"As an instrument of warfare against vice, or as a tool for making virtue, Christianity is a mere flint implement." [Samuel Butler, Note-Books, c. 1890]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion is the interest of the churches That sell in other worlds in this to purchase." [Samuel Butler]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I fear your Lordship has been reading religious publications of the sensational and morbid type." [Donn Byrne, "Tale of the Gypsy Horse"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Believing is easier than thinking. Hence so many more believers than thinkers." [Bruce Calvert]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We are all made of mud, and as this mud is not just on the hem of our gown, or on the sole our boots, or in our shoes. We are full of it, we are nothing but mud and filth both inside and outside." [John Calvin, attacking mankind]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We may rest assured that God would never have suffered any infants to be slain except those who were already damned and predestined for eternal death." [John Calvin, rationalizing the slaughter of infants in the Old Testament]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No efficiency. No accountability. I tell you, Hobbes, it's a lousy way to run a universe." [Calvin & Hobbes comic]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It's hard to be religious when certain people are never incinerated by bolts of lightning." [Calvin, "Calvin and Hobes" strip by Bill Waterson]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Mom and dad say I should make my life an example of the principles I believe in. But every time I do, they tell me to stop it." [Calvin & Hobbes]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Calvin: Do you believe in the devil? You know, a supreme evil being dedicated to the temptation, corruption, and destruction of man? Hobbes: I'm not sure that man needs the help. [Calvin & Hobbes comic by Bill Waterson]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It does not pay a prophet to be too specific." [L. Sprague de Camp]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There is not one verse in the Bible inhibiting slavery, but many regulating it. It is not then, we conclude, immoral." [Rev. Alexander Campbell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A one sentence definition of mythology? "Mythology" is what we call someone else's religion." [Joseph Campbell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The priests used to say that faith can move mountains, and nobody believed them. Today the scientists say that they can level mountains, and nobody doubts them." [Joseph Campbell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...god is a metaphor for that which transcends all levels of intellectual thought. It's as simple as that" [Joseph Campbell, American mythologist (1904-1987)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"What gods are there, what gods have there ever been, that were not from man's imagination?" [Joseph Campbell, "Myths to Live By" (1972)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If there is a sin against life, it consists perhaps not so much in despairing of life as in hoping for another life and in eluding the implacable grandeur of this life." [Albert Camus, "The Myth of Sisyphus"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Every one who publishes a blasphemous libel is guilty of an indictable offence and liable to imprisonment for a term not exceeding two years." [Criminal Code of Canada sec. 296(1)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Most religions do not make men better, only warier." [Elias Canetti]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Lord is not my shepherd As I am not a sheep" [Peter Canning]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"But I don't know a soul who doesn't maintain two separate lists of doctrines - the ones that they believe that they believe; and the ones that they actually try to live by" [Orson Scott Card, Jan. 2001, "Shadow of the Hegemon"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"U.S. Adults (Gallup): humans didn't evolve, 46 percent; evolution guided by God, 40; evolution occurred by itself, 10 percent." [Quoted by Adam L. Carley, Free Inquiry, Fall 1994]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The whole of religion has been one uniform curse to the human race..." [Richard Carlile, "As to God"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The enemy with whom I have to grapple is one with whom no peace can be made. Idolatry will not parley; superstition will not treat on covenant. They must be uprooted for public and individual safety." [Richard Carlisle]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I would never want to be a member of a group whose symbol was a guy nailed to two pieces of wood". [George Carlin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We created god in our own image and likeness!" [George Carlin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If churches want to play the game of politics, let them pay admission like everyone else" [George Carlin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. My idea is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death." [George Carlin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The only good thing ever to come out of religion was the music." [George Carlin, _Brain Droppings_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A man came up to me on the street and said "I used to be messed up out of my mind on drugs but now I'm messed up out of my mind on Jeeesus Chriiist." [George Carlin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have as much authority as the pope, I just don't have as many people who believe it." [George Carlin, "Brain Droppings"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Jesus was a cross dresser" [George Carlin, "Brain Droppings"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I finally accepted Jesus. not as my personal savior, but as a man I intend to borrow money from." [George Carlin, "Brain Droppings"]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"Instead of school busing and prayer in schools, which are both controversial, why not a joint solution? Prayer in buses. Just drive these kids around all day and let them pray their fuckn' empty little heads off." [George Carlin, "Brain Droppings"]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"When it comes to BULLSHIT...BIG-TIME, MAJOR LEAGUE BULLSHIT... you have to stand IN AWE, IN AWE of the all time champion of false promises and exaggerated claims, religion." [George Carlin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion is kind of like wearing lifts in your shoes. If it helps you to feel better about yourself or whatever, fine, I don't have a problem with that. Just don't ask me to wear your shoes." [George Carlin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I used to be Irish Catholic, now i'm American. You know, you grow" [George Carlin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Never attribute to Devil-worshipping conspiracies what opportunism, emotional instability, and religious bigotry are sufficient to explain." [Shawn Carlson, Ph.D.]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If Jesus Christ were to come today, people would not even crucify him. They would ask him to dinner, and hear what he had to say, and make fun of it." [Thomas Carlyle]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Just in the ratio knowledge increases, faith decreases." [Thomas Carlyle, English writer]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Having a reasonable grounding in statistics and probability and no belief in luck, fate, karma, or god(s), the only casino game that interests me is blackjack." [John Carmack, programmer/cofounder of id software. (Doom, Quake)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"That's why the religious people are so freaked out about the Internet, not because of the smut but because NO religion can stand up to access to information." [Robert Carr, Lamprey Systems http://members.aol.com/lampreysys/index.html]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I don't believe in God. My god is patriotism. Teach a man to be a good citizen and you have solved the problem of life." [Andrew Carnegie (1835-1919]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"How do you steam clams? Make fun of their religion." [Johnny Carson, stand-up monologue on NBC's "The Tonight Show"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I'm not in favor of the government mandating a prayer in school because our country was founded on the fact that no particular religious faith would have ascendance over or preferential treatment over any other." [U.S. President Jimmy Carter]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I realized that a psychological need for belief also resulted from childhood indoctrination, and that it had all the characteristics of addiction." [Neal Cary, American Atheists National Outreach Director]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Take a hard look at the Grand Canyon. Try to explain that through evolution." [Freddie Cash, net.fundie.idiot]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"You know, having finally met the Good Lord, I think I can honestly say that He's a bit of a prick." "Yeah, I know. Son of a bitch keeps running away from me." [Cassidy and Custer, "Preacher" comics]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I never saw a contradiction between the ideas that sustain me and the ideas of that symbol, of that extraordinary figure. [Jesus Christ]" [Fidel Castro, Cuban communist leader]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We [Catholics] are also under an obligation to keep secrets faithfully. And sometimes the easiest way to fulfill that duty is to say what is false, or to tell a lie." [Catholic Encyclical X, 195]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"So that a false statement knowingly made to one who has a right to the truth will not be a lie." [Catholic Encyclical IX, 471]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I can imagine no greater misfortune for a cultured people than to see in the hands of the rulers not only the civil, but also the religious power." [Caius Valerius Catullus, Roman poet 87-54 BC]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I hear stories from the chamber, how Christ was born into a manger, like some ragged stranger. He died upon the cross, and might I say, it seems so fitting in its way, he was a carpenter by trade, or at least that's what I'm told." [Nick Cave "The Mercy Seat"]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"...I hope there is a God for Grandpa Richards's sake, but don't much care if there is one for mine." [Cavett by Dick Cavett and Christopher Porterfield (New York: Bantam Books, 1974), pp. 56-7. Cavett's grandfather was a fundamentalist Baptist minister]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The order of creation in the Bible is woefully incorrect and violates even the most simple and obvious rules of natural science." [Charles Cazeau, U.S. professor of geology]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"By simple common sense I don't believe in God, in none." [Charlie Chaplin, in "Manual of a Perfect Atheist" by Rius]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We found that we didn't have much problem with him [J.C.], it was his followers we found questionable". [Graham Chapman, discussing making of "Life of Brian"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Kneeling is not an heroic attitude. It more becomes the fearful slave than the brave free man.....These stories of men becoming pious when terrified confirm our conviction that fear begot the gods." [Charles ??, in The Truth Seeker, July 1942]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Education and religion are two things not regulated by supply and demand. The less of either the people have, the less they want." [Charlotte Observer, 1897]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In God we rust." [Gordon Charrick]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It is usually when men are at their most religious that they behave with the least sense and the greatest cruelty." [Ilka Chase]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"This world was not molded by a supreme being, and anyone who thinks so is just full of themselves." [ChesterNutzo@yahoo.com, more at his website: http://chesternutzo.8m.com/]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To downgrade the human mind is bad theology." [C. K. Chesterton]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The villa's and the chapel's where I learned with little labor The way to love my fellow man And hate my next-door neighbor." [C. K. Chesterton]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"From time to time, as we all know, a sect appears in our midst announcing that the world will very soon come to an end. Generally, by some slight confusion or miscalculation, it is the sect that comes to an end." [G. K. Chesterton (1874-1936)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Let's leave religion to the televangelists. After all, they're the professionals." [Cheviot, "Max Headroom"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...once a person admits to not believing in God, this raises the question of whether or not that person believes in America...." [Chief spokesman for national office of the Boy Scouts]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Worship the gods as if they were present." [Motto inscribed on door of Chinese temple]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Bible is one of the most genocidal books in history" [Noam Chomsky]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When society is in decline, people are bound to turn to belief in gods; when a man is foolish, he eagerly prays for good luck." [Wang Chong (A.D. 27-91), early Chinese materialist philosopher, quoted in "China Reconstructs", Feb. 1988, p. 60]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Laughter does not seem to be a sin, but it leads to sin." [St. John Chrysostom, "Homilies"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Among all the savage beasts, none is so bestial as the woman." [St. John Chrysostom]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We must not hold back in the battle for children's minds" [Church of England spokesman]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I wonder that a soothsayer doesn't laugh whenever he sees another soothsayer." [Marcus Tullius Cicero]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Well, I'm all packed and ready to go. I'm an aged agnostic, unafraid of death and undeluded with thoughts of life hereafter." [Gregory Clark]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In the relationship between man and religion, the state is firmly committed to a position of neutrality." [Thomas Campbell Clark]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...[T]his court has rejected unequivocally the contention that the Establishment Clause [of the First Amendment] forbids only governmental preference of one religion over another." [Justice Tom Clark, lead opinion, School Dist. of Abington Township v. Schempp, 374 US 203 (1963)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It may be that our role on this planet is not to worship God, but to create him." [Arthur C. Clarke]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I would defend the liberty of concenting adult creationists to practice whatever intellectual perversions they like in the privacy of their own homes; but it is also necessary to protect the young and innocent." [Arthur C. Clarke]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A faith that cannot survive collision with the truth is not worth many regrets." [Arthur C. Clarke]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The statement that God created man in his own image is ticking like a time bomb in the foundations of Christianity." [Arthur C. Clarke]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic." [Arthur C. Clarke, "Clarke's Third Law" from "Profiles of the Future: An Inquiry into the Limits of the Possible"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If only more Christians read their bibles there'd be less Christians." [Derek W. Clayton]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"For what is hairy is by nature drier and warmer than what is bare; therefore, the male is hairier and more warm blooded than the female; the uncastrated, than the castrated; the mature than the immature." [Clement of Alexandria, church father, Paedagogus 3.3]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Every woman should be filled with shame by the thought that she is a woman." [St. Clement of Alexandria from The Tutor, as quoted in "The Natural Inferiority" of Women compiled by Tama Starr (New York: Poseidon Press, 1991) p. 45.]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote. The relative positions to be assumed by man and woman in the working out of our civilization were assigned long ago by a higher intelligence than ours." [Grover Cleveland, 1905]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It is wrong always, everywhere and for everyone to believe anything upon insufficient evidence." [W. K. Clifford essay "The Ethics of Belief"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We are a people of faith. We have been so secure in that faith that we have enshrined in our Constitution protection for people who profess no faith. And good for us for doing so. That is what the First Amendment is all about. " [Pres. Bill Clinton]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Bible is the authoritative Word of God and contains all truth." [Pres. Bill Clinton, at a prayer breakfast]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I ask you this whole week to pray for me and pray for the members of Congress; ask us not to turn away from our ministry. Our ministry is to do the work of God here on earth" [Pres. Bill Clinton]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"One of the ugly realities of this world is that it is possible to grow old without ever learning anything besides religious superstitions." [Clothaire]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Thou shalt have one God only; who would be at the expense of two?" [Arthur Hugh Clough, The Latest Decalogue]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"You read the Bible in your own special ways you're fond of quoting certain things it says Mouth full of righteousness and wrath from above When do we hear about forgiveness and love?" [Bruce Cockburn, "Gospel of Bondage"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If life were to be found on a planet, then it would also have been contaminated by original sin and would require salvation." [Piero Coda, theology professor in Rome, in a statement to the Vatican, as reported by Ecumenical News International]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There is no 'Complete Idiots Guide to Creationism,' but perhaps one is not needed." [Andrei Codrescu, on NPR Aug. 25, 1999, monologue on the "Complete Idiot" and "For Dummies" books]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Gods are fragile things; they may be killed by a whiff of science or a dose of common sense." [Chapman Cohen]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Who knows the origin of religion? Certainly not the one who believes in it. Understanding and belief are quite antagonistic. The man who understands religion does not believe in it, the man who believes in it does not understand it." [Chapman Cohen, "Essays in Freethinking"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If religion cannot restrain evil, it cannot claim effective power for good." [Morris Cohen]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A whole generation started the day with prayer and ended up not benefiting very much from it. After all, it was not 7-year-olds who gathered stoned and naked at Woodstock." [Richard Cohen]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Ignorance is the mother of devotion." [Dean Henry Cole]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To doubt has more of faith ... than that blank negation of all such thoughts and feelings which is the lot of the herd of church-and-meeting trotters." [Samuel Taylor Coleridge]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"He that dies a martyr proves that he was not a knave, but by no means that he was not a fool." [Charles Caleb Colton (1780-1832), English author & clergyman, "Lacon"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Some reputed saints that have been canonized ought to have been cannonaded." [Charles Caleb Colton, "Lacon", from James A. Haught, ed., 2000 Years of Disbelief]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Do unto another what you would have him do unto you, and do not do unto another what you would not have him do unto you. Thou needest this law alone. It is the foundation of all the rest." [Confucious' version of the "Golden Rule", predating the Christian version by 500 years]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The belief in a supernatural source of evil is not necessary; men alone are quite capable of every wickedness." [Joseph Conrad]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"For every age is fed on illusions, lest men should renounce life early, and the human race come to an end." [Joseph Conrad]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Skepticism... is the agent of truth." [Joseph Conrad]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Christianity has lent itself with amazing facility to cruel distortion . . . and has brought an infinity of anguish to innumerable souls on this earth." [Joseph Conrad (Korzeniowski), Polish-born English author (1857-1924)]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"And I just want to say...anyone who quotes the bible...that's bullshit. Because the bible is a book that has fucked up the world more than any other single book. A book that was written by a bunch of male chauvinists." [Consolidated, "Dominion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In the beginning, God created the Baptists. And the Baptists looked at themselves and said: We good. And God saw it was too late. And on the 8th day God said, OK Murphy, you take over. I disbelieved in reincarnation in my last life, too." [coolsig.com website, August 4, 1999]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Surely, it would be fascinating to have a real encounter with another intelligence [i.e., an alien]. I think we'd have to consider whether we should baptize him." [Rev. Chris Corbally, Catholic astronomer, scientist]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Screw guilt, I could have sex with 10 men and it wouldn't bother me, I'm an atheist!" [Adam Corolla, host of MTV's "Loveline" show, responding to a licensed minister who couldn't suppress his feelings of homosexuality]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"As "you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make one drink," so also, "You can drag a Christian to the truth, but you can't make one think." [Delmar Coughlin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The problem with Protestantism is that it's not quite silly enough to be rejected out of hand." [R. Craig Coulter]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I am a prophet sent by God to declare the destruction of the United States because of abortion." [Michael Courtney, net.fundie]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	A man said to the Universe, "Sir, I exist!" "However," replied the Universe, "The fact has not created in me A sense of obligation." [Stephen Crane, Poem 96 from _War_Is_Kind_, 1899]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Why does god cause tornados and train wrecks?" [Crash Test Dummies]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Out of your palaces, princes and queens Out of your churches, you clergy, you christs I'll neither live nor die for your dreams I'll make no subscription to your paradise JESUS DIED FOR HIS OWN SINS, NOT MINE" [Crass]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When I told the people of Northern Ireland that I was an atheist, a woman in the audience stood up and said, "Yes, but is it the God of the Catholics or the God of the Protestants in whom you don't believe?" [Quentin Crisp]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It was man who first made men believe in gods." [Critias (480-403 B.C.E.)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Philosophy removes from religion all reason for existing." [Benedetto Croce, "Aesthetic", quoted by Will Durant]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Keep your faith in God, but keep your powder dry." [Oliver Cromwell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I slept with Faith, and found a corpse in my arms on awaking; I drank and danced all night with Doubt, and found her a virgin in the morning." [Aleister Crowley, _The Book of Lies_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If one were to take the bible seriously, one would go mad. But to take the bible seriously, one must be already mad." [Aleister Crowley]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There are no atheists in the foxholes." [William Thomas Cummings, _Field_Sermon_on_Bataan_ (1942)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The price of seeking to force our beliefs on others is that someday they might force their beliefs on us." [Mario Cuomo]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If the theists all shut up, the gods would be speechless." [Robert Curry, on HolySmoke]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Virgins give birth all the time! Yeah. They just don't tip the stork." [Robert Curry]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Most atheist do waste their lives battling against the unconquerable monster of religion--a monster impervious to the spears of reason, impenetrable by the bullets of logic, and insensible to even the thrust of common sense." [C. W. Dalton, "The Right Brain and Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"You make money promoting religion; you only spend money promoting atheism." [C. W. Dalton, "The Right Brain and Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The average person in fulfilling his need to believe, in yielding to the urge of his herd instinct and in reaping the many advantages religion offers is following the path of the least resistance and greatest reward." [C. W. Dalton, "The Right Brain and Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The religionists apologize that although the Bible was inspired by God, it was, unfortunately, written by ancient, ignorant, half-civilized people." [C. W. Dalton, "The Right Brain and Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The common behavior of believers in proclaiming their beliefs repetitiously and with emotional intensity is in itself evidence of doubt. They wish to overwhelm their doubts with decibels and iteration." [C. W. Dalton, "The Right Brain and Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It logically follows that the small sects, which feel the most alone and least supported in their views, work the hardest for new converts to dispel their nagging doubts." [C. W. Dalton, "The Right Brain and Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Even a religion like Christianity purportedly created to champion the poor and downtrodden was later taken over by the rich and powerful for their own benefit." [C. W. Dalton, "The Right Brain and Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It logically follows that if Christianity is true, then reason if false. If human reason is false, how does one account for the great marvels created by science based on human reason?" [C. W. Dalton, "The Right Brain and Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"One wonders why God would choose a Bible to reveal himself thousands of years before the invention of the printing press and at a time when few people could read." [C. W. Dalton, "The Right Brain and Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"With science unable to give us the answers, religion steps in and fills the gap of our ignorance with nonsense, fantasies and pretentious lies. Prophets and priests rush in where scientists fear to tread." [C. W. Dalton, "The Right Brain and Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religionists claim that their truth is absolute and rock solid, while scientists concede that their truth is tentative and relative." [C. W. Dalton, "The Right Brain and Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God, being accredited as responsible for everything we cannot explain otherwise, becomes the symbol of our ignorance." [C. W. Dalton, "The Right Brain and Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Another benefit of religion is the raising of one's self-esteem--the feeling that one is superior to soulless lower animals as well as superior to nonbelievers because one is saved and chosen for eternity." [C. W. Dalton, "The Right Brain and Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Much of humankind's intellectual and emotional struggle has been not for truth, but against truth. The advance of science has been sporadically fought against for thousands of years." [C. W. Dalton, "The Right Brain and Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Without doubt you are not sane." [Tage Danielsson]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The best that we can do is to be kindly and helpful toward our friends and fellow passengers who are clinging to the same speck of dirt while we are drifting side by side to our common doom." [Clarence Darrow]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I believe that religion is the belief in future life and in God. I don't believe in either. I don't believe in God as I don't believe in Mother Goose." [Clarence Darrow, speech, Toronto, 1930, quoted in "Manual of a Perfect Atheist" by Rius]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I am an agnostic; I do not pretend to know what many ignorant men are sure of." [Clarence Darrow]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The fact that there is a general belief in a future life is no evidence of its truth." [Clarence Darrow]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To think is to differ." [Clarence Darrow, Scopes trial, July 1925]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I say that religion is the belief in future life and in God. I don't believe in either." [Clarence Darrow, interview, N.Y. Times, 19 April 1936]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The origin of the absurd idea of immortal life is easy to discover; it is kept alive by hope and fear, by childish faith, and by cowardice." [Clarence Darrow]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In spite of all the yearnings of men, no one can produce a single fact or reason to support the belief in God and in personal immortality." [Clarence Darrow, The Sign, May 1938]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Just think of the tragedy of teaching children not to doubt." [Clarence Darrow]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If that story [Creation] was necessary to keep me out of hell and put me in heaven -- necessary for my life -- I wouldn't believe it because I couldn't believe it." [Clarence Darrow]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"On the ordinary view of each species having been independently created, we gain no scientific explanation..." [Charles Darwin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"For myself, I do not believe in any revelation. As for a future life, every man must judge for himself between conflicting vague probabilities." [Charles Darwin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"On seeing the marsupials in Australia for the first time and comparing them to placental mammals: "An unbeliever ...might exclaim 'Surely two distinct Creators must have been at work'" [Charles Darwin, "The Descent of Man", p. 178]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"..we can allow satellites, planets, suns, universe, nay whole systems of universe[s,] to be governed by laws, but the smallest insect, we wish to be created at once by special act" [Charles Darwin, "The Descent of Man", p. 218]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I cannot persuade myself that a beneficent and omnipotent God would have designedly created parasitic wasps with the express intention of their feeding within the living bodies of Caterpillars." [Charles Darwin, "The Descent of Man", p. 479]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The mystery of the beginning of all things is insoluble by us; and I for one must be content to remain an agnostic." [Charles Darwin, "Life and Letters"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"For my part I would as soon be descended from a baboon...as from a savage who delights to torture his enemies...treats his wives like slaves...and is haunted by the grossest superstitions." [Charles Darwin, "The Descent of Man"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If women reaching their sexual peak at age 34 while men reach it at 18 is not proof that God is a woman, then I don't know what is." [Peter David]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	gullibility + arrogance Unshakable faith = ------------ common sense [Scott Davies (scottd@cory.EECS.Berkeley.EDU) on alt.atheism.moderated]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I think what attracts me about the Electric Monk is that it's such an eloquent example of the futility of belief for belief's sake. I mean there's only any point in believing something if it's true." [Richard Dawkins, interview with Douglas Adams]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The theory of evolution by cumulative natural selection is the only theory we know of that is in principle capable of explaining the existence of organized complexity." [Richard Dawkins, _The Blind Watchmaker_ (New York: W. W. Norton & Company, 1987), p. 317]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have just discovered that without her father's consent this sweet, trusting, gullible six-year-old is being sent, for weekly instruction, to a Roman Catholic nun. What chance has she?" [Richard Dawkins, "Viruses of the Mind"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The meme for blind faith secures its own perpetuation by the simple unconscious expedient of discouraging rational inquiry." [Richard Dawkins, "Viruses of the Mind"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Hot on the heels of its magnanimous pardoning of Galileo, the Vatican has now moved with even more lightning speed to recognise the truth of Darwinism." [Richard Dawkins]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religious people split into three main groups when faced with science. I shall label them the "know-nothings", the "know-alls", and the "no-contests." [Richard Dawkins]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A universe with a God would look quite different from a universe without one. A physics, a biology where there is a God is bound to look different." [Richard Dawkins]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Faith is the great cop-out, the great excuse to evade the need to think and evaluate evidence. Faith is belief in spite of, even perhaps because of, the lack of evidence." [Richard Dawkins]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Science offers us an explanation of how complexity (the difficult) arose out of simplicity (the easy). The hypothesis of God offers no worthwhile explanation for anything, for it simply postulates what we are trying to explain." [Richard Dawkins]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Thus the creationist's favourite question "What is the use of half an eye?" Actually, this is a lightweight question, a doddle to answer. Half an eye is just 1 per cent better than 49 per cent of an eye..." [Richard Dawkins]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religions do make claims about the universe--the same kinds of claims that scientists make, except they're usually false." [Richard Dawkins]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Who will say with confidence that sexual abuse is more permanently damaging to children than threatening them with the eternal and unquenchable fires of hell?" [Richard Dawkins]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I am against religion because it teaches us to be satisfied with not understanding the world." [Richard Dawkins]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We no longer have to resort to superstition when faced with the deep problems: Is there a meaning to life? What are we for? What is man?" [Richard Dawkins, "The Selfish Gene"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"They express a preference for 'natural' methods of population limitation, and a natural method is exactly what they are going to get. It is called starvation." [Richard Dawkins, "The Selfish Gene"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There is no spirit-driven life force, no throbbing, heaving, pullulating, protoplasmic, mystic jelly. Life is just bytes and bytes and bytes of digital information." [Richard Dawkins, "River Out of Eden"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Scientific beliefs are supported by evidence, and they get results. Myths and faiths are not and do not." [Richard Dawkins, "River Out of Eden"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"This is one of the hardest lessons for humans to learn. We cannot admit that things might be neither good nor evil, neither cruel nor kind, but simply callous - indifferent to all suffering, lacking all purpose." [Richard Dawkins, "River Out of Eden"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If there is only one Creator who made the tiger and the lamb, the cheetah and the gazelle, what is He playing at? Is he a sadist who enjoys spectator blood sports? ... Is he maneuvering to maximize David Attenborough's television ratings?" [Richard Dawkins, "River Out of Eden"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The universe we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil and no good, nothing but blind pitiless indifference." [Richard Dawkins, "River Out of Eden"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Evolution should be one of the first things you learn at school... and what do they [children] get instead? Sacred hearts and incense. Shallow, empty religion." [Sunday Telegraph (UK) interview with Richard Dawkins, Sept. 26, 1999]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Convergence? Only when it suits. To an honest judge, the alleged marriage between religion and science is a shallow, empty, spin-doctored sham." [Richard Dawkins, "Snake Oil and Holy Water," in Forbes magazine, Oct. 4, 1999]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Testosterone-sodden young men too unattractive to get a woman in this world might be desperate enough to go for 72 private virgins in the next." [Richard Dawkins]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To fill a world with religion... is like littering the streets with loaded guns. Do not be surprised if they are used." [Richard Dawkins]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I don't need religious bumfucks anymore, anymore..." [Dayglo Abortions]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God told me to skin you alive" [Dead Kennedys, "I Kill Children" from "Fresh Fruit for Rotting Vegetables"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"You've got a Methodist Coloring Book And you color really well But don't color outside the lines Or God will send you to hell" [Dead Milkmen, "Methodist Coloring Book"]
off-atheism	nsfw	nsfw	1	"...this monkey mythology of Darwin is the cause of permissiveness, promiscuity, prophylactics, perversions, pregnancies, abortions, pornotherapy, pollution, poisoning and proliferation of crimes of all types." [Judge Braswell Dean, in Time Magazine, March 1981]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The virgin mother story was easily acceptable to the Roman people, because they were already psychologically conditioned to the same established myth of the vestal virgin Rhea Silva and her godly son Romulus." [Dr. Wally F. Dean, "The Mania of Religion", 1995, p. 103]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The capitalist class is interested in keeping the workingmen divided among themselves. Hence it foments race and religious animosities that come down from the past." [Daniel DeLeon, Two Pages from Roman History, 1903]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is opinion." [Democritus]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A man is his own easiest dupe, for what he wishes to be true he generally believes to be true." [Demosthenes, Third Olynthiac, sct. 19 (349 BCE)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In the beginning, there were no reasons; there were only causes. Nothing had a purpose, nothing has so much as a function; there was no teleology in the world at all." [Daniel C. Dennett, _Consciousness Explained_ (Boston: Little, Brown and Company, 1991), p. 173]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"... there could be talking bunny rabbits, spiders who write English messages in their webs, and for that matter, melancholy choo-choo trains. There could be, I suppose, but there aren't--so my theory doesn't have to explain them." [Daniel Dennett]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...but I also can't prove that mushrooms could not be intergalactic spaceships spying on us." [Daniel Dennett]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The seeker after truth must, once in the course of his life, doubt everything, as far as is possible. What is doubtful should even be considered as false. This doubt should not, meanwhile, be applied to ordinary life." [Descartes, 1-3rd Principles of Human Knowledge]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Perhaps the greatest lesson [Huxley] learned from reading Carlyle was that real religion, that emotive feeling for Truth and Beauty, could flourish in the absence of an idolatrous theology." [Adrian Desmond, "Huxley", p.79]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A man got up [after one of Huxley's 'sermons'] and said 'they had never heard anything like that in Norwich before'. Never 'did Science seem so vast and mere creeds so little'." [Adrian Desmond, "Huxley", p. 366]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	When Yahweh your god has settled you in the land you're about to occupy, and driven out many infidels before you...you're to cut them down and exterminate them. You're to make no compromise with them or show them any mercy. [Deut. 7:1 (KJV)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It (modern philosophy) certainly exacts a surrender of all supernaturalism and fixed dogma and rigid institutionalism with which Christianity has been historically associated." [John Dewey]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Intellectually, religious emotions are not creative but conservative. They attach themselves readily to the current view of the world and consecrate it." [John Dewey]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away". [Philip K. Dick]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Missionaries are perfect nuisances and leave every place worse than they found it." [Charles Dickens]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I believe the spreading of Catholicism to be the most horrible means of political and social degredation left in the world." [Charles Dickens]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To prove the Gospels by a miracle is to prove an absurdity by something contrary to nature." [Diderot]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have only a small flickering light to guide me in the darkness of a thick forest. Up comes a theologian and blows it out." [Denis Diderot]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It is very important not to mistake hemlock for parsley, but to believe or not believe in God is not important at all." [Denis Diderot]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"What has not been examined impartially has not been well examined. Skepticism is therefore the first step toward truth." [Denis Diderot, "Pensees philosophiques"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When God, from whom I have my reason, demands of me to sacrifice it, he becomes a mere juggler that snatches from me what he pretended to give." [Denis Diderot, "A Philosophical Conversation," 1777]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The myths about Hades and the gods, though they are pure invention, help to make men virtuous." [Diodorus Siculus, about 20 B.C.]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When I look upon seamen, men of physical science, and philosophers, man is the wisest of all beings. When I look upon priests, prophets, and interpreters of dreams, nothing is so contemptible as man." [Diogenes (412-323 B.C.E.)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Where knowledge ends, religion begins." [Benjamin Disraeli]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If you truly turned yourself over to competent psychological help, they can lead you from your misguided attempts to butt into other people's lives using Jesus as your excuse for such rude behavior." [James Doemer]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I am a theist," means, "I know that God exists." "I am an atheist" means, "I do not know that God exists." Appending the Greek prefix "a" could in no way be construed as meaning, I know that God does not exist." [Chester Dolan, "Blind Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Rigidly conforming children have a way of growing up to be rigidly conforming adults. They are not educated; they are formed. They are not trained to think, but to defend. They are not asked to reflect, but to memorize." [Chester Dolan, "Blind Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If there is a Hell with fire and brimstone, one must conclude that it was constructed solely for the special delectation of God, that he enjoys watching human beings (or is it their souls?) fry." [Chester Dolan, "Blind Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To create a world in which reason is suspect, religious faith is a virtue, and doubt is regarded as sin, is to sanctify ignorance." [Chester Dolan, "Blind Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religions which expect men to march in synchronized step and to chant stereotyped doctrines cease to serve free man in an open society. There can be no such thing as an open society peopled by a preponderance of closed minds." [Chester Dolan, "Blind Faith"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Are we courting you? Maybe we are, but what's wrong with that? You are the glue that holds America together." [Bob Dole, to a rally of the Christian Coalition]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I'm firmly convinced Michael Carneal is a Christian. He's a sinner, yes, but not an atheist." [Rev. Paul Donner, of the St. Paul Lutheran Church, Paducah, Ky., describing accused mass murderer Michael Carneal, 14, in contrast to early reports]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Where would Christianity be if Jesus got eight to fifteen years with time off for good behavior?" [NY State Senator James Donovan, speaking in support of capital punishment]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"You've got to put in your pew time and come by your disdain for religion honestly, like us." [Doonsbury cartoon]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The race of men, while sheep in credulity, are wolves for conformity." [Carl Van Doren, "Why I Am an Unbeliever"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion is a disease. It is born of fear; it compensates through hate in the guise of authority, revelation. Religion, enthroned in a powerful social organization, can become incredibly sadistic. No religion has been more cruel than the Christian." [Dr. George A. Dorsey]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion is not insanity but it is born of the stuff which makes for insanity. ...all religions perform the function of delusion." [George Dorsey]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I can find no room in my cosmos for a deity save as a waste product of human weakness, the excrement of the imagination." [George Norman Douglas, "South Wind" (1917)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I prayed for twenty years but received no answer until I prayed with my legs." [Frederick Douglass, escaped slave]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Once, in a heated controversy over the wisdom of giving the Bible to slaves, he asserted that it would be 'infinitely better to send them a pocket compass and a pistol.'" [Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I bet you don't want anything about the Bible taught in school." "If they teach Greek and Roman mythology, they should also teach Middle Eastern mythology." [Morton Downey, controversial TV talk-show host, to Rob Sherman, spokesman for American Atheists, on the show]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"How many times has the end of the world been predicted? The same number of times, the prediction has proved false." [Hugh Downs, "The End Is (Not) Nigh; Apocalypse Later", ABC News, (abcnews.com), August 26, 1998]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Evolution does not require the nonexistance of God, it merely allows for it. That alone is enough to evoke condemnation from those who fear the nonexistance of God more than they fear God Himself." [Keith Doyle, talk.origins posting]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"So, the Xian fundies want to slap the 10 commandments on the wall. I guess our school kids have a real problem with committing adultery and carving idols during school hours." ["Dr. Monkeyspank" <drmonkeyspank@my-deja.com>]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If thinking freely for yourself is a sure ticket to hell, then the conversations in heaven must be awfully boring." [San Francisco's infamous Dr. Weirde]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Do not put your trust in such trinkets of deceit!" [Dracula, on the crucifix]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"How can the Church be received as a trustworthy guide in the invisible, which falls into so many errors in the visible?" [John W. Draper (1811-1882), U.S. chemist]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Science has never sought to ally herself with civil power. She has never subjected anyone to mental torment, physical torment, least of all death, for the purpose of promoting her ideas." [John W. Draper (1811-1882) U.S. chemist]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"He who will not reason, is a bigot; He who cannot, is a fool; And he who dares not, is a slave." [William Drummond]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have too much respect for the idea of God to make it responsible for such an absurd world." [Georges Duhamel]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If God were suddenly condemned to live the life which he has inflicted upon men, He would kill himself." [Alexander Dumas]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Skeptics Everywhere. Have you noticed that no matter how sick the Pope gets, they never even consider taking him to Lourdes? The Ten Commandments make Prohibition look like a stroke of genius." [Tom Dunker, in Horseshit #1, a 1965 hippie-type magazine]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Got no religion. Tried a bunch of different religions. The churches are divided. Can't make up their minds and neither can I." [Bob Dylan]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We've satisfied our endless needs, And justified our bloody deeds, In the name of Destiny, And in the Name of god" [Eagles,"The Last Resort"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Fear prophets ... and those prepared to die for the truth, for as a rule they make many others die with them, often before them, at times instead of them." [Umberto Eco]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Whenever a poet or preacher, chief or wizard spouts gibberish, the human race spends centuries deciphering the message." [Umberto Eco]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth." [Umberto Eco]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I believe that you can reach the point where there is no longer any difference between developing the habit of pretending to believe and developing the habit of believing." [Umberto Eco]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When we traded the results of our fantasies, it seemed to us--and rightly-- that we had proceeded by unwarranted associations, by shortcuts so extraordinary that, if anyone had accused us of really believing them, we would have been ashamed." [Umberto Eco]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"All of us were slowly losing that intellectual light that allows you always to tell the similar from the identical, the metaphorical from the real." [Umberto Eco]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I'm not saying that all religion is a pack of lies... I'm just saying that all religion is indistinguishable from a pack of lies." [Ralph Edington, ralph@edington.com]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Christian Science repudiates the evidences of the senses and rests upon the supremacy of God. Christian healing . . . places no faith in hygiene or drugs; it reposes all faith in mind, in spiritual power divinely directed." [Mary Baker Eddy, on Christian Science "healing"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"My mind is incapable of conceiving such a thing as a soul. I may be in error, and man may have a soul; but I simply do not believe it." [Thomas Edison, "Do We Live Again?"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"All Bibles are man-made." [Thomas Edison]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"So far as religion of the day is concerned, it is a damned fake... Religion is all bunk." [Thomas Edison]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have never seen the slightest scientific proof of the religious theories of heaven and hell, of future life for individuals, or of a personal God." [Thomas Alva Edison, "Columbian Magazine"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I do not believe that any type of religion should ever be introduced into the public schools of the United States." [Thomas Edison, "Do We Live Again?"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed." [Albert Einstein]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods." [Albert Einstein]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"What I see in Nature is a magnificent structure that we can comprehend only very imperfectly, and that must fill a thinking person with a feeling of "humility." This is a genuinely religious feeling that has nothing to do with mysticism." [Albert Einstein]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The foundation of morality should not be made dependent on myth nor tied to any authority lest doubt about the myth or about the legitimacy of the authority imperil the foundation of sound judgement and action." [Albert Einstein]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I cannot believe that God plays dice with the cosmos." [Albert Einstein, published after his death in 1955 in the London Observer, 5 April 1964, on his problems with quantum mechanics and not, as popularly misinterpreted, an expression of religious belief.]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The minority, the ruling class at present, has the schools and press, usually the Church as well, under its thumb. This enables it to organize and sway the emotions of the masses, and make its tool of them." [Albert Einstein, letter to Sigmund Freud, 30 July 1932]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The idea of a personal God is an anthropological concept which I am unable to take seriously." [Albert Einstein, letter to Hoffman and Dukas, 1946]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The road to this paradise was not as comfortable and alluring as the road to the religious paradise; but it has shown itself reliable, and I have never regretted having chosen it." [Albert Einstein]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"[My] deep religiosity... found an abrupt ending at the age of twelve, through the reading of popular scientific books." [Albert Einstein, as quoted in Einstein, History, and Other Passions, p. 172]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The religion of the future will be a cosmic religion. The religion which based on experience, which refuses dogmatic. If there's any religion that would cope the scientific needs it will be Buddhism...." [Albert Einstein]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I do not believe in the God of theology who rewards good and punishes evil." [Albert Einstein, Personal memoir of William Miller, editor, Life, May 2, 1955]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinion." [Albert Einstein, from "Aphorisms for Leo Baeck; Opinions of Albert Einstein"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I still believe in God, but God no longer believes in me" [Andrew Eldritch, singer of the Sisters of Mercy]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There would be no perceptible influence on the morals of the race if Hell were quenched and Heaven burned." [Charles W. Eliot, in Elbert Hubbard's Scrapbook, p. 126]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Our literature is a substitute for religion, and so is our religion." [T. S. Eliot, Milton, 1947]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"For that again, is what all manner of religion essentially is: childish dependency." [Albert Ellis]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"And it is in his own image, let us remember, that Man creates God." [H. Havelock Ellis, "Impressions and Comments"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The whole religious complexion of the modern world is due to the absence from Jerusalem of a lunatic asylum." [Havelock Ellis (1859-1939) English scientist and writer]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A religion can no more afford to degrade its Devil than to degrade its God." [H. Havelock Ellis, "Impressions and Comments"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A man must not swallow more beliefs than he can digest." [Havelock Ellis]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When belief in a god dies, the god dies." [Harlan Ellison, "Deathbird Stories"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Neither Heaven nor Hell, and surely not a spaceship, will be found in the tail of a comet." [Harlan Ellison]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"Jesus is not going to come down from the mountain to save your lily-white hide or your black ass. Save yourselves." [Harlan Ellison]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Do you believe God makes you breath? How did he lose Six million Jews? [Emerson, Lake, & Palmer]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"As men's prayers are a disease of the will, so are their creeds a disease of the intellect." [Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Self-Reliance" (1841)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Heaven always bears some proportion to earth. The god of the cannibal will be a cannibal, of the crusades a crusader, and of the merchants a merchant." [Ralph Waldo Emerson, "The Conduct of Life"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Other world! There is no other world! Here or nowhere is the whole fact." [Ralph Waldo Emerson]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A sect or party is an elegant incognito devised to save a man from the vexation of thinking." [Ralph Waldo Emerson]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"How wearisome the grammarian, the phrenologist, the political or religious fanatic or indeed any possessed mortal whose balance is lost by the exaggeration of a single topic. [Ralph Waldo Emerson, _Essays_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The faith that stands on authority is not faith. The reliance on authority measures the decline of religion, the withdrawal of the soul." [Ralph Waldo Emerson]
off-atheism	nsfw	nsfw	1	"The religions of the world are the ejaculations of a few imaginative men." [Ralph Waldo Emerson]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To aim to convert a man by miracles is a profanation of the soul." [Ralph Waldo Emerson, "Nature"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"What is more, it appears to be generally realized that some of the world's foremost philosophers, scientists, and artists have been avowed atheists and that the increase in atheism has gone hand in hand with the spread of education." [Encyclopedia of Philosophy]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Belief is not a matter of choice, and therefore cannot be used as a measure of virtue." [M. J. Engh, "Rainbow Man", pg. 43]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There is nothing to fear from gods, There is nothing to feel in death, Good can be attained, Evil can be endured" [The Four Herbs of Epicurus, 341-270 BC]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Thus that which is the most awful of evils, death, is nothing to us, since when we exist there is no death, and when there is death we do not exist." [Epicurus]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Byron's friend Thomas Moore wrote to a friend in 1818 warning him not to speak of religion or morality, 'the mania on these subjects being so universal and congenital that he who thinks of curing it is as mad as his patients.'" [Carolly Erickson, "Our Tempestuous Days", pg. 224]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Millions long for immortality who don't know what to do on a Sunday afternoon." [Susan Ertz]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Churches should look to their members and friends only for the financing of their undertakings, and no church should engage in any undertaking, no matter how laudable it may be, that its members and friends are unable or unwilling to finance." [Senator Sam Ervin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When religion controls government, political liberty dies;and when government controls religion, religious liberty perishes." [Sen. Sam Ervin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If I believed in a god, which I do not, I would like to communicate with him on the same intellectual level. Therefore, I would have to teach him a few things." [Aaron Erwin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion stills a thinking mind." [Greg Erwin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If I didn't know better, I would think that you were just making definitions up in an ad hoc manner to avoid coming to a conclusion which contradicted your a priori wishes." [Greg Erwin]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"He was a wise man who originated the idea of gods." [Euripedes (484-406 B.C.)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"O mortal man, think mortal thoughts!" [Euripides, Alcestis, l. 799]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Do we, holding that the gods exist, deceive ourselves with unsubstantial dreams and lies, while random careless change and chance alone control the world?" [Euripides, Athenian Dramatist, 484-406 BC, "Hecuba"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have repeated whatever may rebound to the glory, and suppresed all that could tend to the disgrace, of our religion." [Eusebius, early Church Father, in _Praeparatio Evangelica_, chapter 31, book 12]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"On some occasions the bodies of the martyrs who had been devoured by beasts, upon the beasts being strangled, were found alive in their stomachs." [Eusebius (4th century), Bishop & Christian ecclesiastical historian]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The North American church is out of touch with global realities." [Evangelical Foreign Mission Association, affiliated with the Baptist Church, on the current state of mission outreaches by American christian churches]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Don't you understand mister, you are royalty and God has chosen you to be the priest of your home?" [Tony Evans, co-editor of "Seven Promises of a Promise Keeper", in The Progressive, August 1996]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The demise of our community and culture is the fault of sissified men who have been overly influenced by women." [Tony Evans, co-editor of "Seven Promises of a Promise Keeper", in The Progressive, August 1996]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I am not suggesting you *ask* for your role back, I'm urging you to *take* it back...there can be no compromise here. If you're going to lead, you must lead." [Tony Evans, co-editor, in "Seven Promises of a Promise Keeper", "Spiritual Purity" chapter, p. 79-80]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God is a perfect example of the kind of aberration that can result from an untrained intellect combining with an unrestrained imagination." [Simon Ewins]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Christianity does not preach the gospels to offer man a guide to salvation. It uses the gospels as a weapon in the ideological conquest of man." [Simon Ewins]
off-atheism	nsfw	nsfw	1	"(19)Yet she increased her whorings, remembering the days of her youth, when she played the whore in the land of Egypt (20) and lusted after her paramours whose members were like those of donkeys and whose emissions was like that of stallions" [Ezekiel 23]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When the Pope gets sick, how come they never think of sending him to Lourdes?" [Fact magazine, circa late-60s]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We would be 1,500 years ahead if it hadn't been for the church dragging science back by its coattails and burning our best minds at the stake." [Catherine Fahringer]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We're fighting against humanism, we're fighting against liberalism... we are fighting against all the systems of Satan that are destroying our nation today...our battle is with Satan himself." [Jerry Falwell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The ACLU is to Christians what the American Nazi party is to Jews." [Rev. Jerry Falwell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Our goal has been achieved. The Religious Right is solidly in place, and religious conservatives in America are now in for the duration." [Jerry Falwell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We've literally been inundated since the election (with evangelicals) saying please, please, please crank up the Moral Majority again." [Jerry Falwell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I feel most ministers who claim they've heard God's voice are eating too much pizza before they go to bed at night, and it's really an intestinal disorder, not a revelation." [Rev. Jerry Falwell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I hope I live to see the day, when, as in the early days of our country, we won't have any public schools. The churches will have taken them over again and Christians will be running them. What a happy day that will be!" [Rev. Jerry Falwell, America Can Be Saved, (1979)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Billy Graham is the chief servant of Satan in America." [Jerry Falwell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"AIDS is the wrath of a just God against homosexuals. To oppose it would be like an Israelite jumping in the Red Sea to save one of Pharoah's chariotters." [Jerry Falwell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If you're not a born-again Christian, you're a failure as a human being." [Jerry Falwell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I believe that the people of Israel are the chosen people of God." [Jerry Falwell, interview on Cable News Network, 21 Nov 1982]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The idea that religion and politics don't mix was invented by the Devil to keep Christians from running their own country." [Rev. Jerry Falwell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"AIDS is not just God's punishment for homosexuals; it is God's punishment for the society that *tolerates* homosexuals." [Rev. Jerry Falwell, 1993]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If America is not suffering the irrevocable judgment of God because she has broken her covenant with God, then I believe she is dangerously close." [Jerry Falwell, "America Made a Deal with God," 7/6/1997]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion is more like response to a fiend than it is like obedience to an expert." [Austin Farrer]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Christ died for our sins. Dare we make his martyrdom meaningless by not committing them?" [Jules Feiffer]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"What good is a beautiful church that serves the spiritual needs to someone sleeping on a steam grate?" [James Felder]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If the King's English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for me!" ["Ma" Ferguson, Governor of Texas]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Let no more gods or exploiters be served. Let us learn rather to love one another." [Francisco Ferrer]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Man first unconsciously and involuntarily creates God in his own image, and after this God (Religion) consciously and voluntarily creates man in his own image" [Ludwig Andreas von Feuerbach, "The Essence Of Christianity" 1841]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Only he is a truly ethical, a truly human being, who has the courage to see through his own religious feelings and needs." [Ludwig Feuerbach]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Faith is essentially intolerant... essentially because necessarily bound up with faith is the illusion that one's cause is also God's cause." [Ludwig Feuerbach]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Theologian is an owl, sitting on an old dead branch in the tree of human knowledge, and hooting the same old hoots that have been hooted for hundreds and thousands of years, but he has never given a hoot for progress." [Emmett F. Fields]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Atheism has one doctrine: To Question Atheism has one dogma: To Doubt The Atheist Bible has but one word: THINK." [Emmett F. Fields]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Nothing changes history like the Christian Historian" [Emmett F. Fields]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Those who believe in hell can never know truth, for they are blinded by fear." [Emmett F. Fields]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Prayers never bring anything... They may bring solace to the sap, the bigot, the ignorant, the aboriginal, and the lazy - but to the enlightened it is the same as asking Santa Claus to bring you something for Xmas" [W. C. Fields]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I'm looking for loopholes." [W. C. Fields, when caught reading the Bible]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Wouldn't it be terrible if I quoted some reliable statistics which prove that more people are driven insane through religious hysteria than by drinking." [W. C. Fields]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"What kind of a god would crucify his own son?" [Firesign Theatre]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God made his only son die on the cross to avenge his own anger against a man and woman four thousand years dead. Besides, the garbage disposal was sending radio signals through his head and it seemed like a really good idea at the time." [Charles Fiterman]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Bible has done more harm than any other book in the world." [William Floyd, "Christianity Cross-Examined"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion...can exercise a severe crippling and inhibiting effect upon the human mind, by fostering irrational anxiety and guilt, and by hampering the free play of the intellect". [Dr J C Flugel]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Santa myth is one of the most effective means ever devised for intimidating children, eroding their self- esteem, twisting their behavior, warping their values, and slowing their development of critical thinking skills." [Tom Flynn, _The Trouble with Christmas_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I had resources so I was able to get help. ....To all you 'born again' Christians out there, I recommend some lithium; it helps." [Larry Flynt on his conversion experience, on the Larry King Show, 1/10/97]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The secret they [the courts] do not seem to understand is that there is no separation of church and state in the Constitution or in any of our founding documents." [Janet Folger, Center for Reclaiming America for Christ, in Coral Ridge On-line Newsletter, February, 1999]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It will yet be the proud boast of women that they never contributed a line to the Bible." [George W. Foote]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There are two things in the world that can never get together- religion & common sense." [George W. Foote, from "Flowers of Freethought, 2 vols. 1893-94]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The only terror in death is the apprehension of what lies beyond it, and that emotion is impossible to a sincere disbeliever." [G. W. Foote, "Infidel Death Beds"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The man who worships a tyrant in heaven naturally submits his neck to the yoke of tyrants on earth." [George W. Foote, "Flowers of Freethought"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Bring me a creationist who doesn't lie, deceive, distort and distract then I will show you a whole lot of thin air!" [Clayton Forno]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Saying the second law of thermodynamics means evolution can't happen is like saying the theory of gravity means birds can't fly." [Clayton Forno]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The exoteric, state-organised section of the Christian Church persecuted and stamped out the esoteric section, destroying every trace of its literature... in striving to eradicate... gnosis from human history." [Dion Fortune, "The Mystical Qabalah"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A religion without a goddess is half-way to atheism." [Dion Fortune]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The process of creating new scripture by constructive abuse of the old reaches its climax in the letters ascribed to Paul." [Robin Lane Fox, Historian; Fellow, New College, Oxford]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The atheist bashes all religions whilst the theist bashes all but his own, upon which he lavishes great care in case it should come in contact with reality." [Gully Foyle]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The absurdity of a religious practice may be clearly demonstrated without lessening the numbers of people who indulge in it." [Anatole France]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If 50 million people believe a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing" [Anatole France]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	(God explaining the doctrine of free will.) "In order not to impair human liberty, I will be ignorant of what I know, I will thicken upon my eyes the veils I have pierced, and in my blind clear-sightedness I will let myself be surprised by what I have foreseen." [Anatole France]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion has done love a great service by making it a sin." [Anatole France]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The impotence of God is infinite." [Anatole France]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We thank God for having created this world, and praise Him for having made another, quite different one, where the wrongs of this one are corrected." [Anatole France]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Les dieux ont coutume de ressembler à ceux qui les adorent." ("the gods have the custom of resembling those that worship them") [Anatole France]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Some of the old laws of Israel are clearly savage taboos of a familiar type thinly disguised as commands of the deity." [Sir James G. Frazer]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Not only is there nothing to be gained by believing an untruth, but there is everything to lose when we sacrifice the indispensable tool of reason on the altar of superstition." [Freedom From Religion Foundation]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...the Bible, a book that glorifies behavior you abhor." [Freedom From Religion Foundation]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The more the fruits of knowledge become accessible to men, the more widespread is the decline of religious belief." [Sigmund Freud]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Civilization has little to fear from educated people and brain-workers. In them the replacement of religious motives for civilized behaviours by other, secular motives, would proceed unobtrusively..." [Sigmund Freud, 1927]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religious ideas have sprung from the same need as all the other achievements of culture: from the necessity for defending itself against the crushing supremacy of nature." [Sigmund Freud, "The Future of an Illusion" 1927, p.34]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No, our science is no illusion. But an illusion it would be to suppose that what science cannot give us we can get elsewhere." [Sigmund Freud, "The Future of an Illusion", 1927]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Demons do not exist any more than gods do, being only the products of the psychic activity of man." [Sigmund Freud, New York Times Magazine, 6 May 1956]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It would be very nice if there were a God who created the world and was a benevolent providence, and if there were a moral order in the universe and an after-life; but it is a very striking fact that all this is exactly as we are bound to wish it to be." [Sigmund Freud]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In the long run, nothing can withstand reason and experience, and the contradiction religion offers to both is only too palpable." [Sigmund Freud]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion is an illusion and it derives its strength from the fact that it falls in with our instinctual desires." [Sigmund Freud, "New Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When a man is freed of religion, he has a better chance to live a normal and wholesome life." [Sigmund Freud, quoted in "2000 Years of Disbelief, Famous People with the Courage to Doubt", by James A. Haught, Prometheus Books, 1996]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The greater the number of men to whom the treasures of knowledge become accessible, the more widespread is the falling-away from religious belief -- at first only from its obsolete and objectionable trappings, but later from its fundamental postulates as well." [Sigmund Freud]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The different religions have never overlooked the part played by the sense of guilt in civilization. What is more, they come forward with a claim...to save mankind form this sense of guilt, which they call sin." [Sigmund Freud, "Civilization and its Discontents"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"They'll do anything, so long as there's no chance the neighbors will find out about it. Neighbors have been responsible for more straight living than all the great religions of the world combined." [Esther Friesner, "Here Be Demons", pg. 143]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Go ahead and hate your neighbor, go ahead and cheat a friend Do it in the name of heaven - you can justify it in the end." [From One Tin Soldier]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Once a doctrine, however irrational, has gained power in a society, millions of people will believe it rather than feel ostracized and isolated." [Erich Fromm, "An Analysis of Some Types of Religious Experience"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I turned to speak to God/About the world's despair;/But to make bad matters worse/I found God wasn't there." [Robert Frost (1874-1963)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Now, I'm a minister, but if I have to remove the Bible, remove the cross from the wall, remove the Ten Commandments to get that government money, I'll do it." [Rev. Larry Fryer, from NY Times 03/24/2001]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The right of holding slaves is clearly established in the Holy Scriptures, both by precept and example." [Rev. R. Furman, D. D., Baptist, of South Carolina]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"He asked: "Why did God create mosquitos"? I answered: "To watch man chasing them, as it seems God likes to watch Nintendo games". [Hussein Gaafar]
off-atheism	nsfw	nsfw	1	"...a noble practice which does honor to women." [Sheik Gad Al Haq Ali Gad Al Haq, explaining Mohammed's law for removing part or all of a girl's clitoris to reduce her sexual appetite]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Do not allow the Church or State to govern your thought or dictate your judgment." [Matilda Joslyn Gage, "Woman, Church and State", 1893]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Throughout this protracted & disgraceful assault on American womanhood the clergy baptized each new insult and act of injustice in the name of the Christian religion..." [Matilda Joslyn Gage]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Those who are enslaved to their sects are not merely devoid of all sound knowledge, but they will never even stop to learn." [Galen]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I do not feel obliged to believe that same God who endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect had intended for us to forgo their use." [Galileo]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In questions of science, the authority of a thousand is not worth the humble reasoning of a single individual." [Galileo Galilei]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"They know that it is human nature to take up causes whereby a man may oppress his neighbor, no matter how unjustly. ... Hence they have had no trouble in finding men who would preach the damnability and heresy of the new doctrine from the very pulpit..." [Galileo Galilei, 1615]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The doctrine that the earth is neither the center of the universe nor immovable, but moves even with a daily rotation, is absurd, and both philosophically and theologically false, and at the least an error of faith." [Catholic Church's decision against Galileo Galilei]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I think that in the discussion of natural problems we ought to begin not with the Scriptures, but with experiments, and demonstrations." [Galileo Galilei, "The Authority of Scripture in Philosophical Controversies", which was condemned by the Inquisition]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It vexes me when they would constrain science by the authority of the Scriptures, and yet do not consider themselves bound to answer reason and experiment." [Galileo Galilei, "The Authority of Scripture in Philosophical Controversies"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It is surely harmful to souls to make it a heresy to believe what is proved." [Galileo Galilei, "The Authority of Scripture in Philosophical Controversies"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...nothing physical which sense-experience sets before our eyes, or which necessary demonstrations prove to us, ought to be called into question (much less condemned) upon the testimony of biblical passages." [Galileo Galilei, quoted in "Blind Watchers of the Sky", p. 101]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"Organized Christianity has probably done more to retard the ideals that were its founder's than any other agency in the world." [Richard Le Gallienne]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I could prove God statistically." [George Gallup]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Do not lose your knowledge that man's proper estate is an upright posture, an intransigent mind, and a step that travels unlimited roads." [John Galt, in Ayn Rand's _Atlas Shrugged_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I like your Christ, I do not like your Christians, Your christians are so unlike your christ" [Mahatma Gandhi]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The most fatal blow to progress is slavery of the intellect. The most sacred right of humanity is the right to think, and next to the right to think is the right to express that thought without fear." [Helen H. Gardner, _Men, Women and Gods_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I do not know the needs of a god or of another world.... I do know that women make shirts for seventy cents a dozen in this one. [Helen H. Gardener, "Men, Women and Gods," 1885]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Every injustice that has ever been fastened upon women in a Christian country has been "authorized by the Bible" and riveted and perpetuated by the pulpit." [Helen H. Gardner]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Man created God, not God, man" [Guiseppi Garibaldi]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The priest is the personification of falsehood." [Guiseppi Garibaldi]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Dear friends, -- Man has created God, not God man. Yours ever, Garibaldi." [Guiseppi Garibaldi, entire text of letter]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Just in terms of allocation of time resources, religion is not very efficient. There's a lot more I could be doing on a Sunday morning." [Bill Gates]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Eve was framed." [Annie Laurie Gaylor]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Nothing fails like prayer." [Annie Laurie Gaylor]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Superstitions typically involve seeing order where in fact there is none, and denial amounts to rejecting evidence of regularities, sometimes even ones that are staring us in the face." [Murray Gell-Mann, "Quark and the Jaguar"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I would recommend that skeptics devote even more effort than they do now to understanding the reasons why so many people want or need to believe." [Murray Gell-Mann, "Quark and the Jaguar"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The persistence of erroneous beliefs exacerbates the widespread anachronistic failure to recognize the urgent problems that face humanity on this planet." [Murray Gell-Mann, "Quark and the Jaguar"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Many...freely confess that they believe what it makes them feel good to believe. Evidence doesn't play much of a role. They are alleviating their fear of randomness by identifying regularities that are not there." [Murray Gell-Mann]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...the only "right" a sodomite has in a Chrisian Theocracy is the right to die." [Dan Gentry, of Christian Research]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Against human stupidity, even the gods fight in vain." [German Proverb]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"My thoughts will not cater to priest or dictator; No person can deny, Die Gedanken Sind Frei!" [16th century German peasant song]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The various modes of worship which prevailed in the Roman world were all considered by the people as equally true; by the philosopher as equally false; and by the magistrate as equally useful." [Edward Gibbons, "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire", 1781]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To swallow and follow, whether old doctrine or new propaganda, is a weakness still dominating the human mind." [Charlotte P. Gilman]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The activities engaged in by the Christian Coalition...were a vital part of why we had a revolution at the polls on November 8, 1994." [Newt Gingrich]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God's will is directly proportional to public opinion." [David Paul Gladden]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The notion of religious liberty is that you cannot be forced to participate in a religious ceremony that's not of your choosing simply because you're out-voted." [Ira Glasser, Exec. Dir.of ACLU, 1995]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Just last week I saw two homosexual men at the supermarket. The supermarket! In broad daylight! That's what you get when you worship the creation instead of the creator." [Rev. Terry Glidden, Washington Post, Oct. 5, 1999]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...historically it is clear that the heart and soul of anti-Semitism rested in Christianity" [Glock & Stark, "Christian Beliefs and Anti-Semitism", 1966, page xvi, 5-year study by Survey Research Department of University of California]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	Christianity, n. A superbly-designed religion; I wouldn't dream of owning a slave who wasn't a Christian. [The Godling's Glossary]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God gave the savior to the German people. We have faith, deep and unshakeable faith, that he [Hitler] was sent to us by God to save German." [Hermann Goering, from Louis L. Snyder, "Hitler's Elite, Shocking Profiles of the Reich's Most Notorious Henchmen", Berkley Books, 1990]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The unnatural, that too is natural." [Goethe]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The happy do not believe in miracles." [Goethe]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The real, the deepest, the sole theme of the world and of history, to which all other themes are subordinate, remains the conflict of belief and unbelief." [Goethe]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Here, too, it would be best you heard One only and staked all upon your master's word. Yes, stick to words at any rate; There never was a surer gate Into the temple, Certainty." [Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, "Faust" Mephisto, angel of the devil, to Faust]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There is nothing more odious than the majority. It consist of a few powerful men who lead the way; of accommodating rascals and submissive weaklings; and of a mass of men who trot after them without in the least knowing their own minds." [Johann Wolfgang von Goethe]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Vaccination is a direct violation of the everlasting covenant that God made with Noah after the flood.... Vaccination never saved human life. It does not prevent smallpox." [_The Golden Age_, (predecessor to _Awake!_), Feb. 4, 1931 (Jehovah's Witnesses)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion is a superstition that originated in man's mental ability to solve natural phenomena. The Church is an organized institution that has always been a stumbling block to progress." [Emma Goldman, "What I Believe"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I'm thankful I didn't believe in God, because it would have been another thing for me to conquer." [Kim Goldman is quoted, in reference to her brother Ron Goldman's murder]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell's ass." [Sen. Barry Goldwater, when asked what he thought of Jerry Falwell's suggestion that all good Christians should be against Sandra Day O'Connor's nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"By maintaining the separation of church and state, the United States has avoided the intolerance which has so divided the rest of the world with religious wars" [Barry Goldwater, 1981]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If there is a God, atheism must strike Him as less of an insult than religion." [Edmond and Jules de Goncourt]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"'God works in many ways his wonders to perform.' But He's not a skillful mechanic. A man drives over a cliff and 'by a miracle' he only breaks his back. It would be more divine if he were a better driver and stayed on the road." [Paul Goodman]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"i don't think evolution should be taught as a fact but as a theory that some people believe in. i don't really know about this though, i haven't thought about it really but there's no way it should be taught as the truth." [Mark Goodwin, on talk.origins, 10/17/1994]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"What we have here is religious bigotry, and it represents the same insidious type of exclusion that I experienced growing up black in Dixie." [Morgan State prof. Stefan Goodwin, on religious convocation ceremonies, Washington Post, August 17, 1994]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Atheism keeps an open mind and does not flinch from rejecting the old, whenever it is a hurdle on the road towards a common humility." [GORA, Indian atheist]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Paradise is one of the crass fictions invented by the high priests and fathers of the church..." [Maxim Gorki, "Culture of the People"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Can God deliver a religion addict?" [Marjoe Gortner, Ex-Evangelist]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In science, "fact" can only mean "confirmed to such a degree that it would be perverse to withhold provisional assent." I suppose that apples might start to rise tomorrow, but the possibility does not merit equal time in physics classrooms." [Stephen J. Gould]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When people learn no tools of judgment and merely follow their hopes, the seeds of political manipulation are sown." [Stephen Jay Gould]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Nothing is more dangerous than a dogmatic worldview-- nothing more constraining, more blinding to innovation, more destructive of openness to novelty." [Stephen Jay Gould, "Dinosaur in a Haystack"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The most important scientific revolutions all include, as their only common feature, the dethronement of human arrogance from one pedestal after another of previous convictions about our centrality in the cosmos." [Stephen Jay Gould, "Dinosaur in a Haystack"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Creationist critics often charge that evolution cannot be tested, and therefore cannot be viewed as a properly scientific subject at all. This claim is rhetorical nonsense." [Stephen Jay Gould, "Dinosaur in a Haystack"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No rational order of divine intelligence unites species. The natural ties are genealogical along contingent pathways of history." [Stephen Jay Gould, "Dinosaur in a Haystack"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God is not all that exists. God is all that does not exist." [Remy de Gourmont (1858-1915) French novelist, critic, philosopher]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religions revolve madly around sexual questions." [Remy de Gourmont]
off-atheism	nsfw	nsfw	1	"I think when a person has been found guilty of rape he should be castrated. That would stop him pretty quick." [Billy Graham, 1974]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Nobody ever told us you had to be religious." [Nancy Grambo, whose son Buzz Grambo was kicked out of the BSA Southern Maryland Troop 427, for his lack of religious belief]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Leave the matter of religion to the family altar, the church and the private schools, supported entirely by private contributions. Keep the church and state forever separated." [Ulysses S. Grant, speech to the Army of the Tennessee, Des Moines,Iowa, 1875]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I would suggest the taxation of all property equally whether church or corporation." [Ulysses S. Grant (1822-1885)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I would like to call your attention to ... an evil that, if allowed to continue, will probably lead to great trouble.... It is the accumulation of vast amounts of untaxed church property." [Ulysses S. Grant]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The fires of truth usually require much time to burn their way through those incrustations of moral and religious error which often environ the human mind as the products of a false education. But when they once enter, the work of convincement is complete." [Kersey Graves]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Christs soldiers fight best on their knees" [Brig. General Green, ACMTC]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There is no other book between whose covers life is so cheap." [Ruth Hurmence Green, "The Born Again Skeptic's Guide to the Bible"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There was a time when religion ruled the world. It was known as The Dark Ages." [Ruth Hurmence Green]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It is the position of some theists that their right to freedom OF religion is abridged when they are not allowed to violate the Rationalists right to freedom FROM religion." [James T. Green, jgreen@trumpet.calpoly.edu]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Heresy is only another word for freedom of thought." [Graham Greene, 1981]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Faith is the antithesis of proof." [NY State Supreme Court Justice Edward J. Greenfield, 1995]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I don't care anything about the separation of church and state" [Rev. Ron Griffin, pres. of Detroit Urban League, on Gov. Engler's plan to use churches to deliver state services. Oct 18, 1995, Detroit Free Press, article by Dawson Bell]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In fact, if Christ himself stood in my way, I, like Nietzsche, would not hesitate to squish him like a worm." [Che Guevara]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Never wage war on religion, nor upon seemingly holy institutions, for this thing has too great a force upon the minds of fools." [Francesco Guicciardini, "Ricordi Politici"]
off-atheism	nsfw	nsfw	1	"When the temptation to masturbate is strong, yell "Stop!" to those thoughts as loudly as you can in your mind. Then recite a portion of the Bible or sing a hymn." [Mormon _Guide to Self-Control_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I am treated as evil by people who claim that they are being oppressed because they are not allowed to force me to practice what they do." [D. Dale Gulledge]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A rational thought a day keeps religion away" [Matt Guttentag]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We must conduct research and then accept the results. If they don't stand up to experimentation, Buddha's own words must be rejected." [Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama, _Time_ April 11, 1988]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Humans can find a pattern in just about anything, and we must find such a pattern if we are to comprehend things. Mightn't people be mistaking this order imposed by the human mind for order caused by God?" [J J Hahn (hahn0009@gold.tc.umn.edu) on alt.atheism]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"After all, the principle objection which a thinking man has to religion is that religion is not true -- and is not even sane." [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Meaning Of Atheism"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The fear of gods and devils is never anything but a pitiable degradation of the human mind." [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Meaning Of Atheism"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Don't take our word for it. Read the Bible itself. Read the statements of preachers. And you will understand that God is the most desperate character, the worst villain in all fiction." [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Meaning Of Atheism"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Commonly, those who have professed the strongest motives of love of a God have demonstrated the deepest hatred toward human joy and liberty." [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Meaning Of Atheism"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Theism tells men that they are the slaves of a God. Atheism assures men that they are the investigators and users of nature." [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Meaning Of Atheism"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Belief in gods and belief in ghosts is identical. God is taken as a more respectable word than ghost, but it means no more." [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Meaning Of Atheism"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Christian theology has taught men that they should submit with unintelligent resignation to the worst real evils of life and waste their time in consideration of imaginary evils in "the life to come." [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Meaning Of Atheism"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Nobody has ever taken notable pains to locate the legendary heaven; but probably that is because nobody ever thought seriously of going to a heaven." [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Meaning Of Atheism"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To be true to the mythical conception of a God is to be false to the interests of mankind." [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Meaning Of Atheism"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Faith," said St. Paul, "is the evidence of things not seen." We should elaborate this definition by adding that faith is the assertion of things for which there is not a particle of evidence and of things which are incredible." [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Meaning Of Atheism"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Why should an atheist pay more taxes so that a church which he despises should pay no taxes? That's a fair question. How can the apologists for the church exemption answer it? [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Church Is a Burden, Not a Benefit, In Social Life"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The churches beg -- and if we don't give them money, why, they take it anyway, forcibly, by means of this unjust state tax exemption." [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Church Is a Burden, Not a Benefit, In Social Life"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The churches can well afford to pay fair taxation. But supposing they couldn't. Would not that be a very significant evidence that the churches were not really wanted?" [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Church Is a Burden, Not a Benefit, In Social Life"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"How can a preacher talk with a straight face about political graft? He is, himself, profiting by one of the most notorious political grafts in this country." [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Church Is a Burden, Not a Benefit, In Social Life"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Martyrs have been sincere. And so have tyrants. Wise men have been sincere. And so have fools." [E. Haldeman-Julius, "The Church Is a Burden, Not a Benefit, In Social Life"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Bible nowhere prohibits war... Although war was raging in the world in the time of Christ and His Apostles, still they said not a word of its unlawfulness and immorality." [Henry Wagner Halleck, "Military Art and Science," 1846]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Life in Lubbock, Texas, taught me two things: One is that God loves you and you're going to burn in hell. The other is that sex is the most awful, filthy thing on earth and you should save it for someone you love." [Butch Hancock]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We tend to scoff at the beliefs of the ancients. But we can't scoff at them personally, to their faces, and this is what annoys me." [Jack Handey, "Deep Thoughts"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If God dwells inside us like some people say, I sure hope He likes enchiladas, because that's what He's getting." [Jack Handey, "Deep Thoughts"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"My young son asked me what happens after we die. I told him we get buried under a bunch of dirt and worms eat our bodies. I guess I should have told him the truth--that most of us go to Hell and burn eternally--but I didn't want to upset him." [Jack Handey, "Deep Thoughts"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is 'God is crying.' And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is 'Probably because of something you did.'" [Jack Handey, "Deep Thoughts"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When Gary told me he had found Jesus, I thought, Yahoo! We're rich! But it turned out to be something different." [Jack Handey, "Deep Thoughts"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"But only fools like me you see, Can make a god, who makes a tree." [E. Y. Harburg, parody of Joyce Kilmer's poem]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"That which is unchallenged and exercised as habit rapidly becomes ritual. When this occurs, dissent becomes an object of surprise, if not resentment." [B. Carmon Hardy]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have been looking for god for fifty years and I think if he had existed I should have discovered him." [Thomas Hardy]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"`Peace upon earth!` was said. We sing it, And pay a million priests to bring it. After two thousand years of mass We`ve got as far as poison gas," [Thomas Hardy, 'Christmas:1924']
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Puritan through Life's sweet garden goes To pluck the thorn and cast away the rose." [Kenneth Hare]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Nothing could be more anti-Biblical than letting women vote." [Editorial, Harper's Magazine, November 1853]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion; humanity's greatest folly, greatest curse." [Kevin Harris]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Jesus is just a word I use to swear with" [Richard Harris]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"America's problem isn't that we suffer from a lack of faith, but from a saturation of it." [James L. Hartley]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Businesses may come and go, but religion will last forever, for in no other endeavor does the consumer blame himself for product failure." [Harvard Lamphoon, "Doon" (paraphrase)]
off-atheism	nsfw	nsfw	1	"I understand prayer quite well. It's a masturbatory exercise that gives catharsis to the pray-er and a placebo effect to the pray-ee, but only if the pray-ee knows he's being prayed for." [John Hattan]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Obviously, religion has a Jekyll-and-Hyde nature-- with Dr. Jekyll always in the spotlight, and Mr. Hyde little noticed." [James A. Haught, "Horrors of History"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In the year 415, the woman scientist Hypatia, head of the legendary Alexandria library, was beaten to death by Christian monks who considered her a pagan. The leader of the monks, Cyril, was canonized a saint." [James A. Haught, Free Inquiry (Winter 1996/1997)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The stronger the supernatural beliefs, the worse the inhumanity" [James A. Haught]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God not only plays dice. He sometimes throws the dice where they cannot be seen." [Stephen Hawking]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"One does not have to appeal to God to set the initial conditions for the creation of the universe, but if one does He would have to act through the laws of physics." [Stephen Hawking, "Black Holes & Baby Universes"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"So long as the universe had a beginning, we could suppose it had a creator. But if the universe is completely self-contained, having no boundary or edge, it would neither be created nor destroyed... it would simply be. What place, then, for a creator?" [Stephen Hawking]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If judged only by the results that challenge the laws of probabilities, then the power of prayer is nil." [Judith Hayes, U.S. freethinker, author]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If we are going to teach 'creation science' as an alternative to evolution, then we should also teach the stork theory as an alternative to biological reproduction." [Judith Hayes]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Life can be beautiful, profound, and awe-inspiring, even without an irate god threatening us with eternal torment." [Judith Hayes]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The biblical account of Noah's Ark and the Flood is perhaps the most implausible story for fundamentalists to defend. Where, for example, while loading his ark, did Noah find penguins and polar bears in Palestine?" [Judith Hayes]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion is a result of primal urges, and I hope that it, like murder and septic personal hygiene, becomes unfashionable." [Brian Hayward]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Hell Law says that Hell is reserved exclusively for them that believe in it. Further, the lowest Rung in Hell is reserved for them that believe in it on the supposition that they'll go there if they don't." [HBT, "The Gospel According to Fred" 3:1]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion is the highest vanity." [Friedrich Hebbel]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God is, as it were, the sewer into which all contradictions flow" [G. W. F. Hegel, Lectures on the History of Philosophy]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"As Pastor X slips out of bed He puts a neat disguise on That halo round his priestly head Is merely his horizon." [Piet Hein, 1966]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"What Christian love cannot do is effected by a common hatred." [Heinrich Heine]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"Christ rode on an ass, but now asses ride on Christ." [Heine]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Let's leave heaven to the angels and the sparrows." [Heinrich Heine]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"One man's theology is another man's belly laugh." [Robert Heinlein, "Notebooks of Lazarus Long"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Men rarely (if ever) manage to dream up a god superior to themselves. Most gods have the manners and morals of a spoiled child." [Robert Heinlein, "Notebooks of Lazarus Long", quoted in Peter McWilliams, Ain't Nobody's Business If You Do, p. 375]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Of all the strange "crimes" that humanity has legislated out of nothing, "blasphemy" is the most amazing - with "obscenity" and "indecent exposure" fighting it out for second and third place." [Robert Heinlein, "Notebooks of Lazarus Long"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily. All other "sins" are invented nonsense. (Hurting yourself is not sinful--just stupid.) [Robert A. Heinlein]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If you pray hard enough, you can make water run uphill. How hard? Why, hard enough to make water run uphill, of course!" [Robert A. Heinlein, "Expanded Universe"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Theology is never any help; it is searching in a dark cellar at midnight for a black cat that isn't there." [Robert A. Heinlein, "JOB: A Comedy of Justice"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Anyone who can worship a trinity and insist that his religion is a monotheism can believe anything... just give him time to rationalize it." [Robert A. Heinlein, "JOB: A Comedy of Justice"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God split himself into a myriad parts that he might have friends." This may not be true, but it sounds good, and is no sillier than any other theology." [Lazarus Long, _Time Enough for Love_ by Robert Heinlein]
off-atheism	nsfw	nsfw	1	"Whores perform the same function as priests, but far more thoroughly" [Robert Heinlein]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"(Religious) Faith strikes me as intellectual laziness." [Jubal Hershaw, from _Stranger in a Strange Land_, by Robert Heinlein]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The nice thing about citing god as an authority is that you can prove anything you set out to prove." [Robert A. Heinlein, from "If This Goes On-"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I've never understood how God could expect His creatures to pick the one true religion by faith - it strikes me as a sloppy way to run a universe." [Robert Heinlein, Jubal Harshaw in "Stranger in a Strange Land"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Ten Commandments are for lame brains. The first five are solely for the benefit of the priests and the powers that be; the second five are half truths, neither complete nor adequate." [Robert Heinlein, Ira Johnson in "To Sail Beyond the Sunset"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Bible is such a gargantuan collection of conflicting values that anyone can "prove" anything from it." [Robert Heinlein, Dr. Jacob Burroughs in "The Number of the Beast"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"But I contend that the disgusting behavior of many of their alleged 'holy men' relieves us of any intellectual obligation to take the stuff seriously. No amount of sanctimonious rationalization can make such behavior anything but pathological." [Robert Heinlein, "Tramp Royale"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"One sees what one wants to see when there is in mind a pre-conceived notion." [Hal Hellman, "Great Feuds in Science," p. 74]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A man who believes that he eats his God we do not call mad; yet, a many who says he is Jesus Christ, we call mad." [Claude A. Helvetius (1715-1771)]
off-atheism	nsfw	nsfw	1	"It never ceases to amaze me at how many religions depend upon circumsized penises." [Dawn Henderson]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Being unable to reason is not a positive character trait outside religion." [Dewey Henize]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Paris vaut une messe. [Paris is worth a mass]" [Henry of Navare, who gained control of Paris just by converting to Catholicism and renouncing his Protestant affiliations]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A blow to the head will confuse a man's thinking, a blow to the foot has no such effect, this cannot be the result of an immaterial soul." [Heraclitus, 500 BC]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The universal cosmic process was not created by any god or man; it forever was, is, and forever will be, an Everliving Fire." [Heraclitus of Ephesus, 500 BC]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When politics and religion are intermingled, a people is suffused with a sense of invulnerability, and gathering speed in their forward charge, they fail to see the cliff ahead of them." [Frank Herbert, _Dune_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Behind every religion lurks a Torquemada." [Frank Herbert, _God Emperor of Dune_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It was man, mortal bloody man, who created the myths... Religion is nothing but wish-fulfilling stories for the masses." [James Herbert, "Shrine"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Organized Religion is like Organized Crime; it preys on peoples' weakness, generates huge profits for its operators, and is almost impossible to eradicate." [Mike Hermann (hermann@cs.ubc.ca)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Just as power is the god of the modern liberal, God remains the authority of the modern conservative." [Karl Hess, The Death of Politics, Playboy, March 1969]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I say religion is a mental illness, with all due respect to the truly sick." ["Hewes", on IRC]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I haven't rejected god, I've never met him." [Trevor Hick on alt.atheism]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Hey, doncha think the REAL reason JC hasn't returned is those crosses you wear? Think. How would JFK feel if you wore little rifles on your lapels?" [Bill Hicks, comedian]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Great, now there's priests of both sexes I don't listen to." [Bill Hicks, comedian]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We should do unto others as we would want them to do unto us. If I were an unborn fetus I would want others to use force to protect me, therefore using force against abortionists is *justifiable homicide*." ["Pro-Life" doctor killer Paul Hill]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There is no question that deadly force should be used to protect innocent life." [Paul Hill, leader of Defensive Action]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When you don't give money, it shows that you have the devil's nature." [Benny Hinn, Praise-a-thon (TBN), recorded 4/21/91]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I swear before God this holy oath, that I shall give absolute confidence to the Fuehrer of the German Reich and people." [Heinrich Himmler]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Saints fly only in the eyes of their disciples." [Hindu proverb]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Men think epilepsy divine, merely because they do not understand it. But if they called everything divine which they do not understand, why, there would be no end of divine things." [Hippocrates]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Men ought to know that from nothing else but the brain come joys, delights, laughter and sports, and sorrows, griefs, despondency and lamentations." [Hippocrates]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Where prayer, amulets and incantations work it is only a manifestation of the patient's belief." [Hippocrates]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I believe today that I am acting in the sense of the Almighty Creator. By warding off the Jews I am fighting for the Lord's work." [Adolph Hitler, Speech, Reichstag, 1936]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There is a road to freedom. Its milestones are Obedience, Endeavor, Honesty, Order, Cleanliness, Sobriety, Truthfulness, Sacrifice, and love of the Fatherland." [Message, signed Hitler, painted on walls of concentration camps; Life, August 21, 1939]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Woman's world is her husband, her family, her children and her home. We do not find it right when she presses into the world of men." [Adolph Hitler, quoted in Lucy Komisar, The New Feminism]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I believe today that my conduct is in accordance with the will of the Almighty Creator." [Adolph Hitler, _Mein Kampf_, pp. 46]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"What we have to fight for...is the freedom and independence of the fatherland, so that our people may be enabled to fulfill the mission assigned to it by the Creator." [Adolph Hitler, _Mein Kampf_, pp. 125]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"This human world of ours would be inconceivable without the practical existence of a religious belief." [Adolph Hitler, _Mein Kampf_, pp.152]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"And the founder of Christianity made no secret indeed of his estimation of the Jewish people. When He found it necessary, He drove those enemies of the human race out of the Temple of God." [Adolph Hitler, _Mein Kampf_, pp.174]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Catholics and Protestants are fighting with one another... while the enemy of Aryan humanity and all Christendom is laughing up his sleeve." [Adolph Hitler, _Mein Kampf_, pp.309]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I am now as before a Catholic and will always remain so" [Adolph Hitler, to Gen. Gerhard Engel, 1941]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Any violence which does not spring from a spiritual base, will be wavering and uncertain. It lacks the stability which can only rest in a fanatical outlook." [Adolph Hitler, _Mein Kampf_, p. 171]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...the unprecedented rise of the Christian Social Party... was to assume the deepest significance for me as a classical object of study." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf", Vol. 1, Chapter 3]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"For the political leader the religious doctrines and institutions of his people must always remain inviolable; or else has no right to be in politics, but should become a reformer, if he has what it takes! [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf", Vol. 1, Chapter 3]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In nearly all the matters in which the Pan-German movement was wanting, the attitude of the Christian Social Party was correct and well-planned." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf", Vol. 1, Chapter 3]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It [Christian Social Party] recognized the value of large-scale propaganda and was a virtuoso in influencing the psychological instincts of the broad masses of its adherents." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf", Vol. 1, Chapter 3]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The anti-Semitism of the new movement (Christian Social movement) was based on religious ideas instead of racial knowledge." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf", Vol. 1, Chapter 3]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If Dr. Karl Lueger had lived in Germany, he would have been ranked among the great minds of our people." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf", Vol. 1, Chapter 3, about the leader of the Christian Social movement]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Even today I am not ashamed to say that, overpowered by stormy enthusiasm, I fell down on my knees and thanked Heaven from an overflowing heart for granting me the good fortune of being permitted to live at this time." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf", Vol. 1, Chapter 5]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Once again the songs of the fatherland roared to the heavens along the endless marching columns, and for the last time the Lord's grace smiled on His ungrateful children." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf", Vol. 1, Chapter 7, reflecting on World War I]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To them belong, not only the truly great statesmen, but all other great reformers as well. Beside Frederick the Great stands Martin Luther as well as Richard Wagner." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf", Vol. 1, Chapter 8]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"But if out of smugness, or even cowardice, this battle is not fought to its end, then take a look at the peoples five hundred years from now. I think you will find but few images of God, unless you want to profane the Almighty." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf", Vol. 1, Chapter 10]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"....the personification of the devil as the symbol of all evil assumes the living shape of the Jew." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf", Vol. 1, Chapter 11, precisely echoing Martin Luther's teachings]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The greatness of every mighty organization embodying an idea in this world lies in the religious fanaticism and intolerance with which, fanatically convinced of its own right, it intolerantly imposes its will against all others." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf" Vol. 1 Chapter 12]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The greatness of Christianity did not lie in attempted negotiations for compromise with any similar philosophical opinions in the ancient world, but in its inexorable fanaticism in preaching and fighting for its own doctrine." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf" Vol. 1 Chapter 12]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"All in all, this whole period of winter 1919-20 was a single struggle to strengthen confidence in the victorious might of the young movement and raise it to that fanaticism of faith which can move mountains." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf" Vol. 1 Chapter 12]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Thus inwardly armed with confidence in God and the unshakable stupidity of the voting citizenry, the politicians can begin the fight for the 'remaking' of the Reich as they call it." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf" Vol. 2 Chapter 1]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Anyone who dares to lay hands on the highest image of the Lord commits sacrilege against the benevolent creator of this miracle and contributes to the expulsion from paradise." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf" Vol. 2 Chapter 1]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"For the greatest revolutionary changes on this earth would not have been thinkable if their motive force, instead of fanatical, yes, hysterical passion, had been merely the bourgeois virtues of law and order." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf" Vol. 2 Chapter 2]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It may be that today gold has become the exclusive ruler of life, but the time will come when man will again bow down before a higher god." [Adolf Hitler, "Mein Kampf" Vol. 2 Chapter 2]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Government, being resolved to undertake the political and moral purification of our public life, are creating and securing the conditions necessary for a really profound revival of religious life" [Adolph Hitler, in a speech to the Reichstag on March 23, 1933]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I go the way that Providence dictates with the assurance of a sleepwalker." [Adolf Hitler, Speech, 15 March 1936, Munich, Germany.]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"An idea is an eye given by God for the seeing of God. Some of these eyes we cannot bear to look out of, we blind them as quickly as possible." [Russell Hoban, "Pilgermann"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Commerce unites; religion divides." [Alice Tisdale Hobart]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religions are like pills, which must be swallowed whole without chewing" [Thomas Hobbes, 1588-1679]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Man is the only animal that contemplates death, and also the only animal that shows any sign of doubt of its finality." [William Ernest Hocking]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The less justified a man is in claiming excellence for his own self, the more ready he is to claim all excellence for his nation, his religion, his race or his holy cause." [Eric Hoffer, philosopher and author, _The True Believer_, 1951, section 9]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Crude absurdities, trivial nonsense, and sublime truths are equally potent in readying people for self-sacrifice if they are accepted as the sole, eternal truth." [Eric Hoffer, _The True Believer_, 1951, section 57]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Christianity is one of several Jewish heresies." [Eric Hoffer]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Mass movements can rise and spread without belief in a god, but never without belief in a devil." [Eric Hoffer, "The True Believer"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"(To the true believer) Every difficulty and failure within the movement is the work of the devil, and every success is a triumph over his evil plotting." [Eric Hoffer, "The True Believer"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"This enemy--the indispensable devil of every mass movement--is omnipresent. He plots both outside and inside the ranks of the faithful." [Eric Hoffer, "The True Believer"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The inability or unwillingness to see things as they are promote both gullibility and charlatanism." [Eric Hoffer, "The True Believer"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The devout are always urged to seek the absolute truth with their hearts and not their minds." [Eric Hoffer, "The True Believer"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Obedience is not only the first law of God, but also the first tenet of a revolutionary party and of fervent nationalism. "Not to reason why" is considered by all mass movements the mark of a strong and generous spirit." [Eric Hoffer, "The True Believer"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"By elevating dogma above reason, the individual's intelligence is prevented from becoming self-reliant." [Eric Hoffer, "The True Believer"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Sacred cows make the tastiest hamburger." [Abbie Hoffman]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Whenever religion is involved, terrorists kill more people." [Dr. Bruce Hoffman, director of the Center for the Study of Terrorism and Political Violence at St. Andrews University, Scotland]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"perhaps as many as ninety percent of the Americans were unchurched in 1790" [Richard Hofstadter, _Anti-Intellectualism in American Life_, New York: Alfred A. Knopf, 1974, p. 82]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Theology is but the ignorance of natural causes reduced to a system." [Baron Paul Henri T. d'Holbach]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If the ignorance of nature gave birth to gods, the knowledge of nature is calculated to destroy them." [Baron d'Holbach, "Systeme de la Nature," p. 49]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Jesus Christ never commanded toleration as a motive for His disciples, and toleration is the antithesis of the Christian message." ["The Southern Baptist Convention and Freemasonry" by James L. Holly, Page 30]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"For narrowness and sectarianism, there is no equal to the Lord Jesus Christ" ["The Southern Baptist Convention and Freemasonry" by James L. Holly, Page 40]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"What seems so right in the interest of toleration and its cousins-liberty, equality and fraternity-is actually one of the subtlest lies of the 'father of lies.'" ["The Southern Baptist Convention and Freemasonry" by James L. Holly, Page 40]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Science is a first-rate piece of furniture for a man's upper chamber, if he has common sense on the ground floor." [Oliver Wendell Holmes]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"On the whole, I am on the side of the unregenerate who affirm the worth of life as an end in itself, as against the saints who deny it." [Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr. (U.S. Supreme Court Justice), letter to Lady Pollock]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Pope put his foot on the neck of kings, but Calvin and his cohorts crushed the whole human race under their heels in the name of the Lord of Hosts." [Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr., address to the Massachusetts Medical Society, May 30, 1860]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Rough work, iconoclasm, but the only way to get at truth." [Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr., 1860]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"The man who is always worrying whether or not his soul would be damned generally has a soul that isn't worth a damn." [Oliver Wendell Holmes]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"You never need think you can turn over any old falsehoods without a terrible squirming of the horrid little population that dwells under it." [Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The universe is not hostile, nor yet is it friendly. It is simply indifferent." [John H. Holmes, A Sensible Man's View of Religion, 1933]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Atheism deprives superstition of its stand ground, & compels Theism to reason for its existence." [George Jacob Holyoake, "Origin and Nature of Secularism"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"For myself, I flee the Bible as a viper, and revolt at the touch of a Christian." [George Jacob Holyoake, from "The History of the Last trial by Jury for Atheism," 1851]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...it still remains true that as a set of cognitive beliefs about the existence of God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability." [Sidney Hook]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?" [Art Hoppe]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...And malt does more than Milton can To justify God's ways to man" [A. E. Housman]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"This right here is the work of the Lord." [John Howard, owner of the Laurens, SC "The Redneck Shop & Ku Klux Klan Museum" from Nov 14, 1996 ed. of the CNN web page]
off-atheism	nsfw	nsfw	1	"A mail order bride: 15 shekels (Hosea 3:2) A horse from Egypt: 150 shekels (2 Chronicles 1:17) A chariot from Egypt: 600 shekels (2 Chronicle 1:17) Raping a virgin: 50 shekels (Deuteronomy 22:28) Knowing that you can get away with rape: Priceless." [Yang Hu]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A mystic is a person who is puzzled before the obvious but who understands the nonexistent." [Elbert Hubbard (1856-1915) American author, editor, publisher]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Heaven: The Coney Island of the Christian imagination." [Elbert Hubbard, "The Notebook", 1927]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Men whose lives are doubtful want a strong government and a hot religion." [Elbert Hubbard]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Orthodoxy is a corpse that does not know it is dead." [Elbert Hubbard, "Epigrams"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge." [Elbert Hubbard, "The Philistine"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A Miracle: an event described by those to whom it was told by men who did not see it." [Elbert Hubbard]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If you can't answer a man's arguments, all is not lost; you can still call him vile names." [Elbert Hubbard]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Formal religion was organized for slaves: it offered them consolation which earth did not provide." [Elbert Hubbard, "The Philistine"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Theology is an attempt to explain a subject by men who do not understand it. The intent is not to tell the truth but to satisfy the questioner." [Elbert Hubbard]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"An ounce of performance is worth more than a pound of preachment." [Elbert Hubbard]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Falling in love is the beginning of all wisdom, all sympathy, all compassion, all art, all religion; and in its larger sense is the one thing in life worth doing." [Elbert Hubbard]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Next to a circus there ain't nothing that packs up and tears out any quicker than the Christmas spirit." [Kin Hubbard]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The way to make money is to start your own religion." [L. Ron Hubbard, 1954]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In any event, any person from 2.0 down on the Tone Scale should not have, in any thinking society, any civil rights of any kind." [L. Ron Hubbard]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The primary tool of science is skepticism, whose light shrivels unquestioning faith." [Mike Huben]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No man has the right to have his own religion." [Bishop Hughes, "Official Journal of Bishops", Jan. 26 1852]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"John Wesley said that if you give up the witchcraft, you must give up the Bible. He is right. The choice is easy for me." [Rupert Hughes, "Why I Quit Going to Church", New York, Freethought Press Assn., 1924]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Hell is an outrage on humanity. When you tell me that your Deity made you in his own image, I reply that he must have been very ugly." [Victor Hugo, quoted in Cardiff, "What Great Men Think of Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No deity will save us, we must save ourselves. Promises of immortal salvation or fear of eternal damnation are both illusory and harmful." [Humanist Manifesto II, Prometheus Books, 1973]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Christian religion not only was at first attended with miracles, but even at this day cannot be believed by any reasonable person without one." [David Hume, An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding, 1748]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Generally speaking, the errors in religion are dangerous; those in philosophy only ridiculous." [David Hume, Treatise of Human Nature (1739)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No testimony is sufficient to establish a miracle, unless the testimony be of such a kind, that its falsehood would be more miraculous than the fact which it endeavors to establish." [David Hume, "Of Miracles", from An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding, 1748]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"All that belongs to human understanding, in this deep ignorance and obscurity, is to be skeptical, or at least cautious; and not to admit of any hypothesis, whatsoever; much less, of any which is supported by no appearance of probability." [David Hume]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When I hear a man is religious, I conclude that he is a rascal, although I have known some instances of very good men being religious." [David Hume, Scottish philosopher and historian (1711-1776)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A wise man proportions his belief to the evidence." [David Hume, "An Inquiry Concerning Human Understanding"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Nor is it possible to explain distinctly, how the Deity can be the mediate cause of all the actions of men, without being the author of sin and moral turpitude." [David Hume, "An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding" 1748]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The believer is happy; the doubter is wise." [Hungarian proverb]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	A fools prayer: Dear Lord, Please help us not to be blasphemers. In Jesus name we pray.... [Bill Huston]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Extinguished theologians lie about the cradle of every science, as the strangled snakes beside that of Hercules." [Huxley]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If we must play the theological game, let us never forget that it is a game. Religion, it seems to me, can survive only as a consciously accepted system of make believe." [Aldous Huxley, "Time Must Have a Stop"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"You never see animals going through the absurd and often horrible fooleries of magic and religion. Only man behaves with such gratuitous folly. It is the price he has to pay for being intelligent but not, as yet, quite intelligent enough." [Aldous Huxley]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"History reveals that the Church and the State as a pair of indispensable Molochs. they protect their worshipping subjects, only to enslave and destroy them." [Aldous Huxley, Themes in Variations, 1950]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Luckily the majority of nominal Christians has at no time taken the Christian ideal very seriously; if it had, the races and the civilization of the West would long ago have come to an end." [Aldous Huxley, in Cardiff, "What Great Men Think of Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored." [Aldous Huxley, "Proper Studies"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Operationally, God is beginning to resemble not a ruler but the last fading smile of a cosmic Cheshire cat." [Sir Julian Huxley]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The sense of spiritual relief which comes from rejecting the idea of God as a supernatural being is enormous." [Sir Julian Huxley. "Religion Without Revelation"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The dogma of the infallibility of the Bible is no more self-evident than is that of the infallibility of the popes." [Thomas H. Huxley, "Controverted Questions," 1892]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Bible account of the creation of Eve is a preposterous fable." [Thomas Huxley, English biologist]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Irrationally held truths may be more harmful than reasoned errors." [Thomas H. Huxley (1825-1895), English biologist and advocate of Darwin's natural selection theory]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Agnosticism simply means that a man shall not say he knows or believes that for which he has no grounds for professing to believe." [Thomas Huxley, from Cardiff, "What Great Men Think of Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The foundation of morality is to... give up pretending to believe that for which there is no evidence, and repeating unintelligible propositions about things beyond the possibilities of knowledge." [Thomas Huxley]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...inclined to think that not far from the invention of fire must rank the invention of doubt" [Thomas Huxley]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The only question which a wise man can ask himself is whether a doctrine is true or false. Consequences will take care of themselves." [Thomas Henry Huxley, English biologist (1825-1895)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I do not say think as I think, but think in my way. Fear no shadows, least of all in that great spectre of personal unhappiness which binds half the world to orthodoxy." [Thomas H. Huxley]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...claiming my right to follow whethersoever science should lead... it is as respectable to be modified monkey as modified dirt." [Thomas H. Huxley]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The improver of natural knowledge absolutely refuses to acknowledge authority, as such. For him, skepticism is the highest of duties; blind faith the one unpardonable sin." [Thomas H. Huxley, in Cardiff, "What Great Men Think of Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The church founded by Jesus has not made its way; has not permeated the world--but did become extinct in the country of its birth--as Nazarenism and Ebionism." [Thomas H. Huxley, Letter to Robert Taylor, June 3, 1889]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I neither deny nor affirm the immortality of man. I see no reason for believing in it, but on the other hand, I have no means of disproving it." [Thomas H. Huxley, Letter to Charles Kingsley, 1860]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The known is finite, the unknown is infinite; intellectually we stand on an islet in the midst of an illimitable ocean of inexplicability. Our business in every generation is to reclaim a little more land." [Thomas H. Huxley]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Orthodoxy is the Bourbon of the world of thought. It learns not, neither can it forget." [Thomas H. Huxley, in Cardiff, "What Great Men Think of Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"What we call rational grounds for our beliefs are often extremely irrational attempts to justify our instincts." [Thomas H. Huxley, "On the Natural Inequality of Man," 1890]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have no faith, very little hope, and as much charity as I can afford." [Thomas H. Huxley, in Cardiff, "What Great men think of Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To rule by fettering the mind through fear of punishment in another world, is just as base as to use force." [Hypatia (c. 370-415 CE), Alexandrian mathematician, murdered by a Christian mob in 415 CE]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Nowhere is there an account or portrait of Christ laughing. . .he is always stern, serious and as gloomy as a prison guard. Never does one see him laughing until tears appear in his eyes like the roly-poly squint-eyed Buddha guffawing with arms upraised..." [I.R.]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Call on God, but row away from the rocks." [Indian proverb]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To become a popular religion, it is only necessary for a superstition to enslave a philosophy." [William Ralph Inge, 1920]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We have enslaved the rest of the animal creation, and have treated our distant cousins in fur and feathers so badly that beyond doubt, if they were able to formulate a religion, they would depict the Devil in human form. [William Ralph Inge]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The church is only a secular institution in which the half-educated speak to the half-converted." [William Ralph Inge]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"December 25th is the birthday, not of Christ, but of Mithra, the Invincible Sun. Isis of many names has acquired a new one as the Madonna." [William R. Inge]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"Miracle is a bastard child of faith and reason, which neither parent can afford to own." [William R. Inge]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To hate man and worship god seems to be the sum of all the creeds." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Some Mistakes of Moses" 1879]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"..Infidels in all ages have battled for the rights of man, and have at all times been the fearless advocates of liberty and justice..." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Gods" 1872]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have little confidence in any enterprise or business or investment that promises dividends only after the death of the stockholders." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "A Wooden God" letter to the Chicago Times, March 27, 1890]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The hands that help are better far than the lips that pray." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Devil" 1899]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Declaration of Independence announces the sublime truth that all power comes from the people. This was a denial, and the first denial of a nation, of the infamous dogma that God confers the right upon one man to govern others." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Individuality" 1873]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"With soap, baptism is a good thing." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "My Reviewers Reviewed" lecture in San Francisco, June 27, 1877]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"He who commends the brutalities of the past, sows the seeds of future crimes." [Robert G. Ingersoll, Ingersoll-Gladstone debate, response to Wm. Gladstone, 1888]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A crime against god is a demonstrated impossibility." [Robert G. Ingersoll, Second Interview on Rev. Talmadge, 1882]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Orthodoxy cannot afford to put out the fires of hell." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Orthodoxy" 1884]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Every pulpit is a pillory, in which stands a hired culprit, defending the justice of his own imprisonment." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Individuality" 1873]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The inspiration of the Bible depends on the credulity of him who reads." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Christian Religion" Sec. III, The Ingersoll-Black Debate, (New York) April 25, 1881]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It cannot be too often repeated, that truth scorns the assistance of miracle." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Christian Religion" Sec. III, The Ingersoll-Black Debate, 1881]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If a man would follow, to-day, the teachings of the Old Testament, he would be a criminal. If he would follow strictly the teachings of the New, he would be insane." [Robert G. Ingersoll, Third Interview on Rev. Talmadge, 1882]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The intellectual advancement of man depends on how often he can exchange an old superstition for a new truth." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Gods" 1872]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We are not accountable for the sins of "Adam" [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Myth and Miracle" 1885]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If Christ, in fact, said "I came not to bring peace but a sword," it is the only prophecy in the New Testament that has been literally fulfilled." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Some Reasons Why" 1881]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Ministers say that they teach charity. That is natural. They live on alms. All beggars teach that others should give." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Truth" 1897]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"This crime called blasphemy was invented by priests for the purpose of defending doctrines not able to take care of themselves." [Robert G. Ingersoll], "An Interview on Chief Justice Comegys", Brooklyn Eagle, 1881]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Blasphemy is an epithet bestowed by superstition upon common sense." [Robert G. Ingersoll, Second Interview on Rev. Talmadge, 1882, in Ingersoll's Works, Vol. 5, p. 49]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Calvin founded a little theocracy, modeled after the Old Testament, and succeeded in erecting the most detestable government that ever existed, except the one from which it was copied." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Heretics and Heresies" Ingersoll's Works, Vol. 1, p. 226]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"That church [Catholic] teaches us that we can make God happy by being miserable ourselves..." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "What Must We Do To Be Saved?" 1880, in Ingersoll's Works, Vol. 1, p. 492]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"..if all the bones of all the victims of the Catholic Church could be gathered together, a monument higher than all the pyramids would rise..." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "What Must We Do To Be Saved?" 1880, in Ingersoll's Works, Vol. 1, p. 497]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Take from the church the miraculous, the supernatural, the incomprehensible, the unreasonable, the impossible, the unknowable, the absurd, and nothing but a vacuum remains." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Ghosts", 1877, in Ingersoll's Works, Vol. 1, p. 285]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Heresy is a cradle; orthodoxy a coffin." [Robert Ingersoll, "Heretics and Heresies", 1874]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"God so loved the world that he made up his mind to damn a large majority of the human race." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Why I Am An Agnostic", 1876]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Most of these gods were revengeful, savage, lustful, and ignorant. As they generally depended upon their priests for information, their ignorance can hardly excite our astonishment." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Gods", 1872]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Nothing is so pleasing to these gods as the butchery of unbelievers. Nothing so enrages them, even now, as to have someone deny their existence." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Gods", 1872]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Few nations have been so poor as to have but one god. Gods were made so easily, and the raw material cost so little, that generally the god market was fairly glutted, and heaven crammed with these phantoms." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Gods", 1872]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Whether the Bible is true or false, is of no consequence in comparison with the mental freedom of the race." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Gods", 1872]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Salvation through slavery is worthless. Salvation from slavery is inestimable." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Gods", 1872]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"As long as man believes the Bible to be infallible, that book is his master. The civilization of this century is not the child of faith, but of unbelief -- the result of free thought." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Gods", 1872]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"According to this account the promise of the devil was fulfilled to the very letter, Adam and Eve did not die, and they did become as gods, knowing good and evil." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Gods", 1872]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Man should cease to expect aid from on high. By this time he should know that heaven has no ear to hear, and no hand to help. The present is the necessary child of all the past. There has been no chance, and there can be no interference." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Gods", 1872]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Whoever imagines himself a favorite with God holds others in contempt." [Robert Ingersoll, "Some Reasons Why", 1881]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If the book [the Bible] and my brain are both the work of the same Infinite God, whose fault is it that the book and my brain do not agree?" [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Some Reasons Why", 1881]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"All the meanness, all the revenge, all the selfishness, all the cruelty, all the hatred, all the infamy of which the heart of man is capable, grew, blossomed and bore fruit in this one word, Hell." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Great Infidels", 1881]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"One good schoolmaster is of more use than a hundred priests." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Great Infidels", 1881 also from Speech, New York City, 1 May 1881]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In nature there are neither rewards nor punishments; there are consequences." [Robert Ingersoll, "Some Reasons Why", 1881]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In all ages hypocrites, called priests, have put crowns upon the heads of thieves, called kings." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Individuality", 1873]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"For many centuries the sword and cross were allies. Together they attacked the rights of man. They defended each other." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Voltaire", 1894, Sec. I]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"As long as woman regards the Bible as the charter of her rights, she will be the slave of man. The bible was not written by a woman. Within its leaves there is nothing but humiliation and shame for her." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child", 1877]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"You have no right to erect your toll-gate upon the highways of thought." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Ghosts", 1877]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The infidels of one age have been the aureoled saints of the next. The destroyers of the old are the creators of the new." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Great Infidels", 1881]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The history of intellectual progress is written in the lives of infidels." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Great Infidels", 1881 also from Speech, New York City, 1 May 1881]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I would rather live with the woman I love in a world full of trouble, than to live in heaven with nobody but men." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child", 1877]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A believer is a bird in a cage, a free-thinker is an eagle parting the clouds with tireless wing." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Individuality", 1873]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Our ignorance is God; what we know is science." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Gods", 1872]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Infidelity is liberty; all religion is slavery." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Thomas Paine", 1870]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I will not attack your doctrines nor your creeds if they accord liberty to me. If they hold thought to be dangerous - if they aver that doubt is a crime, then I attack them one and all, because they enslave the minds of men." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Ghosts", 1877]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The first great step towards progress, is, for man to cease to be the slave of man; the second, to cease to be the slave of the monsters of his own creation." [Robert Ingersoll, "The Ghosts", 1877]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No man with any sense of humor ever founded a religion." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "What Must We Do To Be Saved", 1880]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The clergy know that I know that they know that they do not know." [Robert Ingersoll, "Orthodoxy", 1884]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Belief is not a voluntary thing. A man believes or disbelieves in spite of himself. They tell us that to believe is the safe way; but I say, the safe way is to be honest." [Robert Ingersoll, "Some Reasons Why I Am a Freethinker", 1881]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The church never doubts -- never inquires. To doubt is heresy -- to inquire is to admit that you do not know -- the church does neither." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Thomas Paine", 1870]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A miracle is the badge and brand of fraud. ... No intelligent, honest man ever pretended to perform a miracle, and never will." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "About the Holy Bible", 1894]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Intelligence is the only moral guide." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "What Would You Substitute For the Bible as a Moral Guide?"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Ignorance is the soil of the supernatural. The foundation of Christianity has crumbled, has disappeared, and the entire fabric must fall. The natural is true. The miraculous is false." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Why Am I An Agnostic?" Part 2, North American Review, March, 1890]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We have at last ascertained that miracles can be perfectly understood; that there is nothing mysterious about them; that they are simply transparent falsehoods." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Divided Household of Faith", 1888]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"All the professors in all the religious colleges in this country rolled into one, would not equal Charles Darwin." [Robert G. Ingersoll, Fifth Interview on Rev. Talmadge, 1882]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The destroyer of weeds, thistles and thorns is a benefactor whether he soweth grain or not." [Robert G. Ingersoll, motto on the title page of "Some Mistakes of Moses", mentioned in Interview with Chicago Times, November 14, 1879]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have noticed all my life that many people think they have religion when they are troubled with dyspepsia." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child", 1877]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Should it turn out that I am the worst man in the whole world, the story of the flood will remain just as improbable as before, and the contradictions of the Pentateuch will still demand an explanation." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Some Mistakes Of Moses", 1879]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Mental slavery is mental death and every man who has given up his intellectual freedom is the living coffin of his dead soul." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Individuality", 1873]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Ignorance is the soil in which belief in miracles grows." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Superstition", 1898]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have no confidence in any religion that can be demonstrated only to children." [Robert G. Ingersoll, Political interview]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Honest investigation is utterly impossible within the pale of any church, for the reason, that if you think the church is right you will not investigate, and if you think it wrong, the church will investigate you." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Individuality", 1873]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"What effect will logic have upon a religious gentleman who firmly believes that a God of infinite compassion sent two bears to tear thirty or forty children in pieces for laughing at a bald-headed prophet?" [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Voltaire", 1894]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Human love is generous and noble. The love of God is selfish, because man does not love God for God's sake, but for his own." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Rome or Reason, A Reply to Cardinal Manning", 1888]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"But honest men do not pretend to know; they are candid and sincere; they love the truth; they admit their ignorance, and they say, "We do not know." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Superstition", 1898]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Nothing is greater than to break the chains from the bodies of men -- nothing nobler than to destroy the phantom of the soul." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Abraham Lincoln", 1894]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I believe it is, as it always has been, easier to kill two infidels than to answer one." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "An Interview on Chief Justice Comegys", Brooklyn Eagle, 1881]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Through all the years, those who plowed divided with those who prayed. Wicked industry supported pious idleness, the hut gave to the cathedral, and frightened poverty gave even its rags to buy a robe for hypocrisy." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "What Must We Do To Be Saved?", 1880]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It may be that ministers really think that their prayers do good and it may be that frogs imagine that their croaking brings spring." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Which Way?", 1884]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The inventor of a good soup did more for his race than the maker of any creed. The doctrines of total depravity and endless punishment were born of bad cooking and dyspepsia." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "About Farming in Illinois", 1877]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If there is a God, there should be no slaves." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child", 1877]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"An infinite personality is an infinite impossibility." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Some Reasons Why", 1881]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We are satisfied that there can be but little liberty on earth while men worship a tyrant in heaven." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Gods", 1872]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Is there an intelligent man or woman now in the world who believes in the Garden of Eden story? If you find any man who believes it, strike his forehead and you will hear an echo. Something is for rent." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Orthodoxy", 1884]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have kindness and candor enough to say that Calvin and Edwards were both insane." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Why I Am An Agnostic", 1896]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The churches have no confidence in each other. Why? Because they are acquainted with each other." [Robert G. Ingersoll, Sixth Interview on Rev. Talmadge, 1882]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Not one of the learned gentlemen who pretend that the Mosaic laws are filled with justice and intelligence, would live, for a moment, in any country where such laws were in force." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Some Mistakes of Moses", 1879]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The church persecutes the living and her God burns, for all eternity, the dead." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Heretics and Heresies", 1874]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To exempt the church from taxation, is to pay part of the priest's salary." [Robert G. Ingersoll, Interview in The Truth Seeker, New York, September 5, 1885. Quoted by Joseph Lewis in "Franklin the Freethinker"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When a professor in a college finds a fact, he should make it known, even if it is inconsistent with something Moses said." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Some Mistakes of Moses", 1879]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Who can over estimate the progress of the world if all the money wasted in superstition could be used to enlighten, elevate and civilize mankind?" [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Some Mistakes of Moses", 1879]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"How long, O how long will mankind worship a book? How long will they grovel in the dust before the ignorant legends of the barbaric past? How long, O how long will they pursue phantoms in a darkness deeper than death?" [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Heretics and Heresies", 1874]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We did not get our freedom from the church. The great truth, that all men are by nature free, was never told on Sinai's barren crags, nor by the lonely shores of Galilee." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Christian Religion" Part III, The Ingersoll
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No Devil, no hell. No hell, no atonement. No atonement, no preaching, no gospel." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Orthodoxy", 1884]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"We cannot trample upon their rights, without endangering our own; and no man who will take liberty from another, is great enough to enjoy liberty himself." [Robert G. Ingersoll, Fifth Interview on Rev. Talmadge, 1882]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Labor is the only prayer that Nature answers." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Address to the Jury", trial of C. B. Reynolds for Blasphemy]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To me, the most obscene word in our language is celibacy." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Liberty in Literature", 1890]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Celibacy is the essence of vulgarity." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Rome or Reason?", Reply to Cardinal Manning, 1888]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Every fact is an enemy of the church. Every fact is a heretic. Every demonstration is an infidel. Everything that ever really happened testifies against the supernatural." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Orthodoxy", 1884]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The man who does not do his own thinking is a slave, and is a traitor to himself and to his fellow-men." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child" 1877]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"For my part I would not kill my wife, even if commanded to do so by the real God of this universe." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Some Mistakes of Moses", 1879]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Science built the Academy, superstition the inquisition." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I have always noticed that the people who have the smallest souls make the most fuss about getting them saved." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To succeed the theologan invades the cradle. In the minds of innocents they plant the seeds of superstition. Save children from the pollution of this horror." [Robert Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Go around the world, and where you find the least superstition, there you will find the best men, the best women, the best children." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Public prayer is, if nothing else, an undignified public performance." [Robert G. Ingersoll, quoted in "Ingersoll the Magnificent" by Joseph Lewis]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Christianity has such a contemptible opinion of human nature that it does not believe a man can tell the truth unless frightened by a belief in God. No lower opinion of the human race has ever been expressed." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In the presence of death I affirm and reaffirm the truth of all that I have said against the superstitions of the world. I would say that much on the subject with my last breath." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"My objection to Christianity is that it is infinitely cruel, infinitely selfish, and, I might add, infinitely absurd." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The believers in the Bible are loud in their denunciation of what they are pleased to call the immoral literature of the world; and yet few books have been published containing more moral filth than this inspired word of God." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Church has always been willing to swap off treasures in heaven for cash down here." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Every minister likes to consider himself as a brave shepherd leading the lambs through green pastures and defending them at night from Infidel wolves. All this he does for a certain share of the wool." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Salvation for credulity means damnation for investigation." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"My creed is this: Happiness is the only good. The place to be happy is here. The time to be happy is now. The way to be happy is to help make others so." [Robert G. Ingersoll, Motto on the title page of Vol. xii, Works]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Think of the egotism of a man who believes that an infinite being wants his praise!" [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Surely investigation is better than unthinking faith. Surely reason is a better guide than fear." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When we find out that an assertion is a falsehood, a shining truth takes its place, and we need not fear the destruction of the false. The more false we destroy the more room there will be for the true." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "44 Complete Lectures"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I am not so much for the freedom of religion as I am for the religion of freedom." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The object of the Freethinker is to ascertain the truth-the conditions of well being-to the end that his life will be made of value." [Robert G. Ingersoll, contribution to The Truth Seeker, 1890]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Jehovah was not a moral God. He had all the vices and lacked all the virtues. He generally carried out all his threats, but he never faithfully kept a promise." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If there is a God who has allowed the children to be oppressed in this world he certainly needs another life to reform the blunders he made in this." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If only Christians go to heaven and all others go to hell, it seems to me that there will be a thousand times more misery in the next world than in this." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"God cannot send to eternal pain a man who has done something toward improving the condition of his fellow-man. If he can, I had rather go to hell than to heaven and keep company with such a god." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The doctrine of eternal punishment is the most infamous of all doctrines--born of ignorance, cruelty and fear. Around the angel of immortality Christianity has coiled the serpent. Upon Love's breast the church has placed the eternal asp." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Heresy is what the minority believe; it is the name given by the powerful to the doctrines of the weak." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Heretics and Heresies"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Is there beyond the silent night An endless day? Is death a door that leads to light? We cannot say." [Robert G. Ingersoll, Declaration of the Free]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If we are immortal, it is a fact of nature, and that fact does not depend on bibles, on Christs, priest, or creeds." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The hope of immortality never came from any religion. The hope of immortality has helped to make religion." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"A known infidel cannot get very rich, for the reason that the Christians are so forgiving and loving that they boycott him." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It is said that desire for knowledge lost us the Eden of the past; but whether that is true or not, it will certainly give us the Eden of the future." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Some Mistakes of Moses"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"True religion must be free. Without perfect liberty of mind there can be no true religion. Without liberty the brain is a dungeon--the mind a convict." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"He who endeavors to control the mind by force is a tyrant, and he who submits is a slave." [Robert G. Ingersoll, "Some Mistakes of Moses"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Do away with miracles, and the superhuman character of Christ is destroyed. He Becomes what he really was--a man." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Inspiration is only necessary to give authority to that which is repugnant to human reason. Only that which never happened needs to be substantiated by miracles." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Happiness is the only good, reason the only torch, justice the only worship, humanity the only religion, and love the only priest." [Robert G. Ingersoll, Eulogy at the grave of his brother, Eben]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The assassin cannot sanctify his dagger by falling on his knees, and it does not help a falsehood if it be uttered as a prayer. Religion, used to intensify the hatred of men toward men under the pretense of pleasing God, has cursed this world." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The country that has got the least religion is the most prosperous, and the country that has got most religion is in the worst condition." [Robert G. Ingersoll, Speech in Boston, April 23, 1880]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Now they say that this book is inspired. I do not care whether it is or not; the question is, Is it true? if it is true, it doesn't need to be inspired. Nothing needs inspiration except a falsehood or a mistake." [Robert G. Ingersoll]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Use against heretics the spiritual sword of excommunication, and if this does not prove effective, use the material sword." [Pope Innocent III (1161-1216)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"...ice crystals only grow when an outside agent [God] is driving the process against the natural decay process described by the second law of thermodynamics." [Institute for Creation Research http://www.icr.org/pubs/imp/imp-162.htm62.htm]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Truth is, christians are the only ones in the world that cannot explain anything" ["Internut", christian on IRC]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Would you have mansions of gold in the sky, and live in a shack, here in the back? Would you have wings up in heaven to fly, While you live here with rags on your back?" [IWW song, from The Little Red Songbook, Songs to fan the flames of discontent]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Man is a dog's idea of what God should be." [Holbrook Jackson, quoted in "Omni", Aug. 1988, p. 31.]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The day that this country ceases to be free for irreligion, it will cease to be free for religion--except for the sect that can win political power." [Supreme Court Justice Robert Houghwout Jackson, dissenting opinion in Zorach v. Clauson (343 US 306 -- 1952)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religion is a monumental chapter in the history of human egotism." [William James (1842-1910) American philosopher and psychologist]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"Jeff 3:16 For God so hated the world that he gave his only bastard son, that whosoever believeth in him shall not flourish but have everlasting strife." [Jeff Janusch, backslide247@aol.com]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"Damn the Solar System. Bad light; planets too distant; pestered with comets; feeble contrivance; could make a better myself." [Francis [Lord Jeffery]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"In addition I think science has enjoyed an extraordinary success because it has such a limited and narrow realm in which to focus its efforts. Namely, the physical universe." [Ken Jenkins]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If it is good not to touch a woman, then it is bad to touch a woman always and in every case." [St. Jerome, Epistle 48.14]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"For the preservation of chastity, an empty and rumbling stomach and fevered lungs are indispensable." [St. Jerome (340?-420)]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Though thy father cling to thee, and thy mother rend her garments and show thee the breasts thou has sucked, thrust them aside with dry eyes to embrace the cross." [St. Jerome, Letter to Heliodorus, on true Christian "family values"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I never spared heretics and have always done my utmost so that the enemies of the Church should also be my enemies." [St. Jerome, 420 AD]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Roman Catholic church, convinced that it is the only true church, must demand the right to freedom for herself alone and the end of freedom for all others." [Jesuit publication]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Think not that I am come to send peace on earth; I came not to send peace, but a sword." [Jesus, Matthew 10:34]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"But those mine enemies, which would not that I should reign over them, bring hither, and slay them before me." [Jesus, Luke 19:27, as part of a self-referential parable]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"If God lived on earth, people would break his windows." [Jewish proverb, quoted in: Claud Cockburn, Cockburn Sums Up, epigraph (1981).]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"You have painted a world of people who are Christian because they are weak-willed puppets, desperate for whatever will give them a sense of purpose and security, who fear nothing more than a stable individual." [Jim in Boulder]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I'd rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints - The sinners are much more fun." [Billy Joel, from "Only the Good Die Young"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"About half." [Pope John XXIII, when asked how many people work in the Vatican, from Gordon Thomas & Max Morgan-Witts, "Pontiff", p. 337]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It can therefore be said that, from the viewpoint of the doctrine of the faith, there are no difficulties in explaining the origin of man, in regard to the body, by means of the theory of evolution." [Pope John Paul II, April 16, 1986]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Adultery is in your heart not only when you look with excessive sexual zeal at a woman who is not your wife, but also if you look in the same manner at your wife." [Pope John Paul II]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"What excellent fools religion makes of men!" [Ben Johnson]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Praying in churches hasn't improved society and praying in schools won't either." [Ellen Johnson]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"One of my favorite fantasies is that next Sunday not one woman, in any country of the world, will go to church. If women simply stop giving our time and energy to the institutions that oppress, they cease to be." [Sonia Johnson]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The one reason why we've always had an open Bible in every room in the Holiday Inn motels is to help people find Jesus and the solution to their problems, no matter who they are." [Wallace Johnson, co-founder of Holiday Inns, on the use of his business to proselytize]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"It can be shown that for any nutty theory, beyond-the-fringe political view or strange religion there exists a proponent on the Net. The proof is left as an exercise for your kill-file." [Bertil Jonell]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"I would rather see a saloon on every corner than a Catholic in the White House. I would rather see a nigger as president." [Bob Jones, Sr., founder of Bob Jones University]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Blacks aren't attracted to fundamentalism, and they don't like discipline." [Bob Jones, Jr., founder of Bob Jones University]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The Bible itself is intolerant, and true followers of God's word should be as well." [Bob Jones III]
off-atheism	nsfw	edgy	1	"I saw Christ last night and he looked like shit. Well that is not surprising since he's been dead for about 2000 years." [William Jones]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"'Twas only fear first in the world made gods." [Ben Jonson (1572?-1637), Sejanus]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"I'm counting on you lord, please don't let me down Prove that you love me and buy the next round" [Janis Joplin, "Mercedes Benz"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"When a dog barks at the moon, then it is religion; but when he barks at strangers, it is patriotism!" [David Starr Jordan, Cardiff, What Great Men Think of Religion]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"That one man or ten thousand or ten million men find a dogma acceptable does not argue for its soundness." [David Starr Jordan, quoted in Cardiff, "What Great Men Think of Religion"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Theologians consider that it was the sin of pride, the sinful thought conceived in an instant: non serviam: I will not serve. That instant was his [Lucifer's] ruin." [James Joyce,_A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man_]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Such things have often happened and still happen, and how can these be signs of the end of the world?" [Julian, Emperor of Rome 361-363 A.D.]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"No wild beasts are as hostile to men as Christian sects in general are to one another." [Julian, Emperor of Rome 361-363 A.D.]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Religious Philosophy is an oxymoron- a philosopher of religion is ONLY a moron" [Kamian]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"NO proof. NO god. NO problem." [Kamian]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"People who believe that god exists and heeds their prayers have probably waived the right to mock people who talk to trees or claim to channel the spirits of Native Americans." [Wendy Kaminer]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Convicts register their religious affiliation when they're processed into prison. And about 99.5% of the huge U.S.A. prison population consists of inmates who identified themselves as members of religious denominations." [Gene M. Kasmar]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Organized religion: The world's largest pyramid scheme." [Bernard Katz]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"There is no opinion so absurd that a preacher could not express it." [Bernie Katz]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The child begins by acting like the grownups who believe, and soon believes himself. The proofs come later, if at all. Religious belief generally starts as make-believe." [Walter Kaufmann, "Critique of Religion and Philosophy"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Faith in immortality, like belief in God, leaves unanswered the ancient question: is God unable to prevent suffering, and thus not omnipotent? or is he able and not willing it and thus not merciful? and is he just?" [Walter Kaufmann, "The Faith of a Heretic"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"To try to fashion something from suffering, to relish our triumphs, and to endure defeats without resentment: all that is compatible with the faith of a heretic." [Walter Kaufmann, "The Faith of a Heretic"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Once we decide to be dishonest with our children, our students, or our readers, we have a vested interest in suppressing honesty, in censorship." [Walter Kaufmann, "The Faith of a Heretic"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The more important the issue at hand, the more it demands careful scrutiny. This is a simple but important point which most religious people overlook." [Walter Kaufmann, "Critique of Religion and Philosophy"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"The attempt to solve the problem of suffering by postulating original sin depends on the belief that cruelty is justified when it is retributive;indeed, that morality demands retribution." [Walter Kaufmann, "The Faith of a Heretic"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Dissatisfied with oneself, one becomes a seeker. Difficulty becomes a challenge and delight; critical thinking, a way of live." [Walter Kaufmann, "The Faith of a Heretic"]
off-atheism	nsfw	general	0	"Theology is the systematic attempt to pour the newest wine into the old skins of a denomination." [Walter Kaufmann, "Critique of Religion and Philosophy"]
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	1/3 /\(3) | 2 1/3 | t dt cos(3 * PI / 9) = ln (e ) | \/ 1 The integral of t squared, dt From 1 to the cube root of 3 Times the cosine Of 3 PI over nine Is the log of the cube root of e
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	(1/2) / 3 | 3 1 3 x PI (1/2) | t dt - cos (------) = ln(e ) / 1 2 9 The integral, from one to root three, Of t to the third dt, Times half the cosine Of 3 pi over nine Is the log of the square root of e.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	1/2 12 + 144 + 20 + 3(4) 2 ---------------------- + 5(11) = 9 + 0 7 A dozen, a gross and a score, Plus three times the square root of four, Divided by seven, Plus five times eleven, Equals nine squared plus zero, no more!
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A bad little girl in Madrid, A most reprehensible kid, Told her Tante Louise That her cunt smelled like cheese, And the worst of it was that it did!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A bather whose clothing was strewed By breezes that left her quite nude, Saw a man come along And, unless I'm quite wrong, You expected this line to be lewd.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A beat schizophrenic said, "Me? I am not I, I'm a tree." But another, more sane, Shouted, "I'm a Great Dane!" And covered his pants leg with pee.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A beautiful belle of Del Norte Is reckoned disdainful and haughty Because during the day She says: "Boys, keep away!" But she fucks in the gloaming like forty.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A beautiful lady named Psyche Is loved by a fellow named Ikey. One thing about Ike The lady can't like Is his prick, which is dreadfully spikey.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A beetling young woman named Pridgets Had a violent abhorrence of midgets; Off the end of a wharf She once pushed a dwarf Whose truncation reduced her to fidgets.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A big-bosomed Bunny named Gression Sold cigars at a key-club concession. When she swiveled about Even strong men cried out, For her costume did not keep her flesh in.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A bisexual chap name of Lunt Taught himself an unusual stunt. He could peel back his spout Turn the skin inside out Like a glove, to be used as a cunt!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A bobby of Nottingham Junction Whose organ had long ceased to function Deceived his good wife For the rest of her life With the aid of his constable's truncheon.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A broken-down harlot named Tupps Was heard to confess in her cups: "The height of my folly Was fucking a collie
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A burlesque dancer, a pip Named Virginia, could peel in a zip; But she read science fiction And died of constriction Attempting a Moebius strip.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A busy young lady named Gloria Was had by Sir Gerald du Maurier And then by six men, Sir Gerald again, And the band at the Waldorf-Astoria.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A cabin boy on an old clipper Grew steadily flipper and flipper. He plugged up his ass With fragments of glass And thus circumcised his old skipper.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A cautious young fellow named Lodge, Had seatbelts installed in his Dodge. With his date all strapped in He committed a sin Without even leaving the garage. -- "A Boy and His Dog"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A cautious young fellow named Tunney Had a whang that was worth any money. When eased in half-way, The girl's sigh made him say, "Why the sigh?" "For the rest of it, honey."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A certain young man, it was noted, Went about in the heat thickly-coated; He said, "You may scoff, But I shan't take it off; Underneath I am horribly bloated."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A certain young person of Ghent, Uncertain if lady or gent, Shows his organs at large For a small handling charge To assist him in paying the rent.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A certain young sheik of Algiers Said to his harem, "My dears, Though you may think it odd of me, I'm tired of just sodomy Let's try straight fucking." (loud cheers!)
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A chap down in Oklahoma Had a cock that could sing La Paloma, But the sweetness of pitch Couldn't put off the hitch Of impotence, size and aroma.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A charmer from old Amarillo, Sick of finding strange heads on her pillow, Decided one day That to keep men away She would stuff up her crevice with Brillo.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A chippy who worked in Black Bluff Had a pussy as large as a muff. It had room for both hands And some intimate glands, And was soft as a little duck's fluff.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A clergical student named Simms Hums liturgical tunes while he rims: A nice piece of ass Gets the B-Minor Mass ... All the others get Anglican hymns.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A clerical student named Pryne Through pain sought to reach the divine: He wore a hair shirt, Quite often ate dirt, And bathed every Friday in brine.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A clever young man named Eugene Invented a jack-off machine. On the twenty-third stroke The fuckin' thing broke And beat both his balls to a cream.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A cocksucking steno named Beeman Remarked as she swallowed my semen : "On my minuscule salary I must watch every calorie, So I get `ahead' eating you he-men!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A computer called Illiac4 Had a rather tough bug in its core. It chewed up its cards And spewed yards and yards Of illegible tape on the floor.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A computer, to print out a fact, Will divide, multiply, and subtract. But this output can be No more than debris, If the input was short of exact.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A contortionist hailing from Lynch Used to rent out his tool by the inch. A foot cost a quid -- He could and he did Stretch it to three in a pinch.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A corpulent maiden named Kroll Had a notion exceedingly droll: At a masquerade ball, Dressed in nothing at all, She backed in as a Parker House roll.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A couple was fishing near Clombe When the maid began looking quite glum, And said, "Bother the fish! I'd rather coish!" Which they did -- which was why they had come.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A cowhand way out in Seattle Had a dooflicker flat as a paddle. He said, "No, I can't fuck A lamb or a duck, But golly! it just fits the cattle."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A crusader's wife slipped from the garrison And had an affair with a Saracen. She was not oversexed, Or jealous or vexed, She just wanted to make a comparison.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A CS student named Lin Had a prick the size of a pin It was no good for girls But just great for squirrels Who squealed with delight with it in.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A cute little twerp from Samoa Had a cock of one inch and no moa. It was good for keyholes And debutantes' peeholes But not worth a damn on a whoa.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A daredevil skater named Lowe, Leaps barrels arranged in the snow, But is proudest of doing, Some incredible screwing, Since he's jumped thirteen girls in a row!
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A deep-throated virgin named Netty Was sucking a cock on the jetty. She said, "It tastes nice, Much better than rice, Though not quite as good as spaghetti."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A delighted, incredulous bride Remarked to her groom at her side : "I never could quite Believe till tonight Our anatomies would coincide."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A dentist, young doctor Malone, Got a charming girl patient alone, And, in his depravity, Filled the wrong cavity. God, how his practice has grown.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A despairing old landlord named Fyfe, With a frigid and quarrelsome wife, Let his third-story front, To a willing young cunt, Who supplied him a new lease on life!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A desperate spinster from Clare Once knelt in the moonlight all bare, And prayed to her God For a romp on the sod-- 'Twas a passerby answered her prayer.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A distinguished professor from Swarthmore Got along with a sexy young sophomore. As quick as a glance He stripped off his pants, But he found that the sophomore'd got off more.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A doctoral student from Buckingham Wrote his thesis on cunts and on fucking'em. But a dropout from paree Taught him Gamahuchee So he added a footnote on sucking 'em.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A dolly in Dallas named Alice, Whose overworked sex is all callous, Wore the foreskin away On uncircumcised Ray, Through exuberance, tightness, and malice.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A dozen, a gross, and a score, Plus three times the square root of four, Divided by seven, Plus five times eleven, Equals nine squared plus zero, no more.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A dreary young bank clerk named Fennis Wished to foster an aura of menace. To make people afraid He wore gloves of grey suede And white footgear intended for tennis.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A dulcet-voiced callgirl named Shedd, Who's cultured, well-spoken, well-bred, Had achieved some renown For her tone going down-- There's a nice civil tongue in her head.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A fair-haired young damsel named Grace Thought it very, very foolish to place Her hand on your cock When it turned hard as rock, For fear it would explode in your face.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A farmer I know named O'Doole Had a long and incredible tool. He can use it to plow, Or to diddle a cow, Or just as a cue-stick at pool.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A fellatrix's healthful condition Proved the value of spunk as nutrition. Her remarkable diet (I suggest that you try it) Was only her clients' emission.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A fellow whose surname was Hunt Trained his cock to perform a slick stunt: This versatile spout Could be turned inside out, Like a glove, and be used as a cunt.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A fisherman off of Cape Cod Said, "I'll bugger that tuna, by God!" But the high-minded fish Resented his wish, And nimbly swam off with his rod.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A foolish geologist from Kissen Just didn't know what he was missin', By studying rock And neglecting his cock, And using it merely for pissin'.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A Frenchman who lived in Alsace Had sex with a virgin named Grace. When he popped her cherry, She made things hairy By bleeding all over his face.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A gay young prince from Morocco Made love in a manner rococo. He painted his penis To resemble a venus And flavored his semen with cocoa.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A geneticist living in Delft Scientifically played with himself, And when he was done He labeled it: son, And filed him away on a shelf.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A gentleman, otherwise meek, Detested with passion the leek; When offered one out He dealt such a clout To the maid, she was down for a week.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A german composer named Bruckner Remarked to a lady while fuckener : "Less lento, my dear, With your cute little rear; I like a hot presto when muckener!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A gift was delivered to Laura From a cousin who lived in Gomorrah; Wrapped in tissue and crepe, It was peeled, like a grape, And emitted a pale, greenish aura.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A gifted young fellow from Sparta Was widely renowned as a farta'. He could fart anything From "Of Thee I Sing," To Beethoven's "Moonlight Sonata."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A girl camper once had an affair With a fellow all covered with hair. When she gave him his hat She realized that She'd been had by Smokey the Bear.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A girl of the Enterprise crew Refused every offer to screw. But a Vulcan named Spock Crawled under her smock, And now she is eating for two.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A girl of uncertain nativity Had an ass of extreme sensitivity While she sat on the lap Of a German or Jap, She could sense Fifth Column activity.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A graduate student named Zac Was said to be great in the sack. An inch of his boner Put girls in a coma And two gave them epileptic attacks.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A greedy young lady from Sidney Liked it in up to her kidney, Till a man from Quebec Shoved it up to her neck-- He really diddled her, didn' he?
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A green-thumbed young farmer from Leeds Once swallowed a package of seeds. In a month, his ass Was covered with grass And his balls were grown over with weeds.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A guest in a household quite charmless Was informed its eccentric was harmless: "If you're caught unawares At the head of the stairs, Just remember, he's eyeless and armless."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A habit depraved and unsavory Held the bishop of Bingham in slavery. Midst screeches and howls, He deflowered young owls, Which he kept in an underground aviary.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A habit obscene and bizarre, Has taken a-hold of papa. He brings home young camels And other odd mammals, And gives them a go at mama.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A hacker who screwed a mag tape Was caught and convicted of rape. To jail he did go, From which, to his woe He couldn't get out with ESC.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A hacker-turned-pervert named Fisk Made love to the drive of his disk. The thing circumsized him, Which rather surprised him. He wasn't aware of *that* risk.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A handsome young rodent named Gratian As a lifeguard became a sensation. All the lady mice waved And screamed to be saved By his mouse-to-mouse resuscitation.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A happy old hooker named Grace Once sponsored a cunt-lapping race. It was hard for beginners To tell who were winners : There were cunt hairs all over the place.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A hardware debugger named Court Shoved his tool in an Ethernet port. But its buffer array Only handled 1K, So the port's driver cut it off short.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A haughty young wench of Del Norte Would fuck only men over forty. Said she, "It's too quick With a young fellow's prick; I like it to last, and be warty."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A headstrong young woman in Ealing Threw her two weeks' old child at the ceiling; When quizzed why she did, She replied, "To be rid Of a strange, overpowering feeling."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A hearty young fellow named Yost Once had an affair with a ghost. At the height of the spasm The poor ectoplasm Cried, "Goodie, I feel it ... almost."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A hidebound young virgin named Carrie Would say, when the fellows got hairy : "Keep your prick in your pants Till the end of this dance--" Which is why Carrie still has her cherry.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A highly aesthetic young Jew Had eyes of a heavenly blue; The end of his dillie Was shaped like a lilly, And his balls were too utterly two!
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A highway patrol buff named Claire, Once screwed half a troop on a dare, And her parts grew so hot, There was steam on her twat, So they nicknamed her Smokey the Bare!
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A horny young fellow named Reg, Was jerking off under a hedge. The gardener drew near With a huge pruning shear, And trimmed off the edge of his wedge.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A huge-organed female in Dallas, Named Alice, who yearned for a phallus, Was virgo intacto, Because, ipso facto, No phallus in Dallas fit Alice.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A joker who haunts Monticello Is really a terrible fellow. In the midst of caresses He fills ladies dresses With garter snakes, ice cubes, and jello.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lacklustre lady of Brougham Weaveth all night at her loom. Anon she doth blench When her lord and his wench Pull a chain in the neighbouring room.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A lad from far-off Transvaal Was lustful, but tactful withal. He'd say, just for luck, "Mam'selle, do you fuck?" But he'd bow till he almost would crawl.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lad of the brainier kind Had erogenous zones in his mind. He got his sensations, By solving equations, (Of course, in the end, he went blind.)
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A lad, at his first copulation, Cried, "What a sensation! Inflation, Gyration, elation Throughout the duration, I guess I'll give up masturbation."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lady born under a curse Used to drive forth each day in a hearse; From the back she would wail Through a thickness of veil: "Things do not get better, but worse."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lady both callous and brash Met a man with a vast black moustache; She cried, "Shave it, O do! And I'll put it with glue On my hat as a sort of panache."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lady from Kalamazoo Once found she had nothing to do, So she sat on the stairs And she counted her hairs: 4,302.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A lady from Old Little Rock In fidelity took little stock, And deserted her man In the streets of Japan For a boy with a prehensile cock.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lady removing her scanties, Heard them crackle electrical chanties. Said her beau, "Have no fear, For the reason is clear: You simply have amps in your panties.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lady stockholder quite hetera Decided her fortune to bettera: On the floor, quite unclad, She successively had Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner, et cetera...
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lady was seized with intent To revise her existence misspent. So she climbed up the dome Of St. Peter's in Rome, Where she stayed through the following Lent.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lady who signs herself "Vexed" Writes to say she believes she's been hexed: "I don't mind my shins Being stuck full of pins, But I fear I am coming unsexed."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lady with features cherubic Was famed for her area pubic. When they asked her its size She replied in surprise, "Are you speaking of square feet, or cubic?"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lady, while dining in Crewe, Found an elephant's whang in her stew. Said the waiter, "Don't shout Or wave it about Or the others will ask for one, too."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A lass at the foot of her class Asked a brainier chick how to pass. She replied, "With no fuss You can get a B-plus, By letting the prof pat your ass."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A lecherous barkeep named Dale, After fucking his favorite female, Mixed Drambuie and scotch With the cream in her crotch For a lustier, Rusty-er Nail.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A licentious old justice of Salem Used to catch all the harlots and jail 'em. But instead of a fine He would stand them in line, With his common-law tool to impale 'em.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A limerick packs laughs anatomical Into space that is quite economical. But the good ones I've seen So seldom are clean, And the clean ones so seldom are comical.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A linguist thought it a farce That memory space was so sparse. One day they increased it. Said he as he seized it: "At last! Enough core for the parse".
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A lonely young lad of Eton Used always to sleep with the heat on, Till he ran into a lass Who showed him her ass -- Now they sleep with only a sheet on.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lovely young diver named Nancy, Wore a bikini bottom quite chancy, The fish of Bonaire, Watched her Derriere, And the sea fans all tickled her fancy.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lovely young maid from St. Jude Once rode through the streets in the nude. The police cried, "Whatam-- Agnificent bottom" And slapped it as hard as they cude.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lusty young maid from Seattle Got pleasure by sleeping with cattle; Till she found a bull Who filled her so full It made both her ovaries rattle.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A lusty young woodsman of Maine For years with no woman had lain, But he found sublimation At a high elevation In the crotch of a pine -- God, the pain!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A madam who ran a bordello Put come in her pineapple jello, For the rich, sexy taste And not wanting to waste That greasy kid stuff from a fellow.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A maestro directing in Rome Had a quaint way of driving it home. Whoever he climbed Had to keep her tail timed To the beat of his old metronome.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A maiden who lived in Virginny Had a cunt that could bark, neigh and whinny. The horsey set rushed her, But success finally crushed her For her tone soon became harsh and tinny.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A maiden who travelled in France Once got on a train, just by chance. The engineer fucked her, The conductor sucked her, And the fireman came in his pants.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A maiden who wrote of big cities Some songs full of love, fun and pities, Sold her stuff at the shop Of a musical wop Who played with her soft little titties.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A major, with wonderful force, Called out in Hyde Park for a horse. All the flowers looked round, But no horse could be found; So he just rhododendron, of course.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A man was once heard to boast, That he received a parcel by post, It contained, so we heard, A magnificent turd, And the balls of his grandfather's ghost.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A marine being sent to Hong Kong Got a doctor to alter his dong. He sailed off with a tool Flat and thin as a rule - When he got there he found he was wrong.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A mathematician named Hall Has a hexahedronical ball, And the cube of its weight Times his pecker's, plus eight Is his phone number -- give him a call...
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A mathematician named Klein Thought the Mobius band was divine. Said he, "If you glue The edges of two, You'll get a weird bottle like mine!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A middle-aged codger named Bruin Found his love life completely in ruin, For he flirted with flirts Wearing pants and no skirts, And he never got in for no screwin'.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A milkmaid there was, with a stutter, Who was lonely and wanted a futter. She had nowhere to turn, So she diddled a churn, And managed to come with the butter.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A mortician who practised in Fife Made love to the corpse of his wife. "How could I know, Judge? She was cold, did not budge-- Just the same as she'd acted in life."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A nasty old drunk in Carmel Thinks it funny to piss in the well. He says, "Some don't favor That unusual flavor, But I don't drink the stuff -- what the hell!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A nervous young fellow named Fred Took a charming young widow to bed. When he'd diddled a while She remarked with a smile, "You've got it all in but the head."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A new dramatist of the absurd Has a voice that will shortly be heard. I learn from my spies He's about to devise An unprintable three-letter word.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A newly-wed man of Peru Found himself in a terrible stew: His wife was in bed Much deader than dead, And so he had no one to screw.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A newlywed couple from Goshen Spent their honeymoon sailing the ocean. In twenty-eight days They got laid eighty ways -- Imagine such fucking devotion!
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A notorious whore named Ms. Hearst, In the pleasures of men was well-versed. Reads the sign o'er the head Of her well-rumpled bed "The customer always comes first."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A novice was told by the Abbot: "Consider the goat and the rabbit. While they roll in the hay You just stay home and pray. You've got to get out of that habit."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A nudist resort at Benares Took a midget in all unawares. But he made members weep For he just couldn't keep His nose out of private affairs.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A nurse motivated by spite Tied her infantine charge to a kite; She launched it with ease On the afternoon breeze, And watched till it flew out of sight.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A pansy who lived in Khartoum Took a lesbian up to his room. They argued all night Over who had the right To do what, with which, and to whom.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A passionate red-haired girl When you kissed her, her senses would whirl, And her twat would get wet, And would wiggle and fret, And her cunt-lips would curl and unfurl.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A pathetic old maid of Bordeaux Fell in love with a dashing young beau. To arrest his regard She would squat in his yard And longingly pee in the sneaux.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A petulant man once said, "Pish, Your cunt is as big as a dish." She replied, "Why, you fool, With your limp little tool, It's like driving a pin with a fish."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A physical fellow named Fisk Could screw at a rate very brisk. So fast was his action The Fitzgerald contraction Would shrink up his rod to a disk.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A pious old woman named Tweak Had taught her vagina to speak. It was frequently liable To quote from the Bible, But when fucking -- not even a squeak!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A pious young lady named Finnegan Would caution her friend, "Well, you're in again; So time it aright, Make it last through the night, For I certainly don't want to sin again!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A pious young lady of Chichester Made all of the saints in their niches stir And each morning at matin Her breast in pink satin Made the bishop of Chichester's breeches stir.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A playful young chemist named Byrd Had an urge that could not be deferred. So to irritate Knox He shit in his sox, And plastered the walls with his turd.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A plumber whose name was John Brink Plumbed the cook as she bent o'er the sink. Her resistance was stout, And John Brink petered out, With his pipe-wrench all limber and pink.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A potter who lived in Bombay Once fashioned a cunt out of clay; But the heat of his prick Kilned the damn thing to brick And chafed all his foreskin away.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A pretty wife living in Tours Demanded her daily amour. But the husband said, "No! It's to much. Let it go! My backsides are dragging the floor."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A pretty young boy known as Kevin Was raped in a pasture by seven Lascivious beasts (Oh, those Anglican priests) And such is the Kingdom of Heaven.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A pretty young lady named Vogel Once sat herself down on a molehill. A curious mole Nosed into her hole
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A pretty young maiden from France Decided she'd "just take a chance." She let herself go For an hour or so, And now all her sisters are aunts.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A princess who lived near a bog Met a prince in the form of a frog. Now she and her prince Are the parents of quints, Four boys and one fine polliwog.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A princess who reigned in Baroda Made her home on a purple pagoda. She festooned the walls Of her halls with the balls And the tools of the fools who be-stroda'.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A programmer down in Moline Said, I'm the match for any machine. My secret's aversion, To loops and recursion, Just acres of in-line routine.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A progressive professor named Winners Held classes each evening for sinners. They were graded and spaced So the vile and debased Would not be held back by beginners.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A rapist who reeked of cheap booze Attempted to ravish Miss Hughes. She cried, "I suppose There's no time for my clothes, But PLEASE let me take off my shoes!"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A rapturous young fellatrix One day was at work on five pricks. With an unholy cry She whipped out her glass eye: "Tell the boys I can now take on six."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A reckless young lady of France Had no qualms about taking a chance, But she thought it was crude To get screwed in the nude, So she always went home with damp pants.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A remarkable race are the Persians; They have such peculiar diversions. They make love the whole day In the usual way And save up the nights for perversions.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A responsive young girl from the East In bed was an able artiste. She had learned two positions From family physicians, And ten more from the old parish priest.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A romantic attraction has clung To a chap of whom damsels have sung: "'Tis the Scourge from the East, That lascivious beast Who was known as Attila the Hung!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A sailor who slept in the sun, Woke to find his fly buttons undone, He remarked with a smile, "Good grief, a sun-dial! And now it's a quarter-past one."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A savvy young hooker named Gail Got busted and lodged in the jail. But the jailer got hot, To be lodged in her twat, And so Gail made the bail with her tail.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A scandal involving an oyster Sent the Countess of Clews to a cloister She preferred it, in bed, To the count (so she said) 'Cause it's longer and stronger and moister.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A scream from the crypt of St. Giles Resounded for miles upon miles. Said the friar, "Good gracious, The brother Ignatious Forgeteth the abbot hath piles."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A seafaring hacker named Slatey Went to bed with a VAX/780. The thing's learned to swear With a nautical air, And refers to its users as "matey".
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A sex-loving coed named Bree Caught the clap from her Apple IIE. The joystick, she found, Had been fooling around With a neighboring student's PC.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A silly young man from Hong Kong Had hands that were skinny and long. He ate rice with his fingers-- The taste of it lingers, But now all his fingers are gone.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A slick talking pirate named Bruce To steal code, had a plan to seduce An Apple II+. Now Bruce wears a truss And was jailed for computer abuse.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A software technician from Digital Had hardware extremely prodigical. It's rumoured, I hear, That when he was near He made the ladies all flustered and fidgital.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A space shuttle pilot named Ventry, Made love to a lovely girl sentry. She started to pout, Because it fell out, But the mission was saved by re-entry.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A sperm faced, alack and forsooth, His moment of sexual truth. He'd expected to fall On a womb's spongy wall But was dashed to his death on a tooth.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A spunky young schoolboy named Fred Used totoss off each night while in bed. Said his mother, "Dear lad, That's exceedingly bad-- Jump in here with your mamma instead."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A starship commander named Kirk Emerged from his cabin berserk. He grabbed a girl yeoman Beneath the abdomen, And gave her a physical jerk.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A stout Gaelic warrior, McPherson, Was having a captive, a person Who was not averse Though she had the curse, And he'd breeches of bristling furs on.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A structured programmer named Drew Was intensely turned on by "goto". When he saw it in code He'd shoot off his load. It's a good thing his shop used so few.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A studious professor named Nestor Bet a whore all his books that he could best her. But she drained out his balls And skipped up the walls, Beseeching poor Nestor to rest her.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A sweetheart named Teresa Arden Went down on her beau in the garden. He said, "Good lord, Tess, Don't swallow that mess!" And she replied, "Ulp, beg your pardon?"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A systems programmer named Sprotic Found his software intensely erotic. In jealous distress He wiped his OS. It's possible that he's psychotic.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A talented fuckstress, Miss Chisholm, Was renowned for her fine paroxysm. While the man detumesced She still spent on with zest, Her rapture sheer anachronism.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A talented girl from Detroit Could fuck you in ways quite adroit. She could squeeze her vagina To a pin-point or finer Or open it out like a quoit.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A team playing baseball in Dallas Called the umpire blind out of malice. While this worthy had fits The team made eight hits And a girl in the bleachers named Alice.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A teenage protester named Lil Cried, "Those watergate spies make me ill First they bugged our martinis, Our bras and bikinis, And now they are bugging the pill."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A thrice-married gal from L.A. Said, "My hymen's intact to this day, 'Cause my first (a shrink) talked of it, The voyeur only gawked at it, And my most recent man's a gourmet."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A tidy young lady of Streator Dearly loved to nibble a peter. She always would say, "I prefer it this way. I think it is very much neater."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A timid young woman named Jane Found parties a terrible strain; With movements uncertain She'd hide in a curtain And make sounds like a rabbit in pain.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A tired young trollop of Nome Was worn out from her toes to her dome. Eight miners came screwing, But she said, "Nothing doing; One of you has to go home!"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A trapper named Francois Lefebvre Once captured and buggered a beabvre. The result of this fuck Was a three titted duck, A canoe, and an Irish retriebvre.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A tutor who tooted a flute Tried to tutor two tutors to toot Said the two to the tutor: "Is it harder to toot or To tutor two tutors to toot"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A UNIX saleslady, Lenore, Enjoys work, but she likes the beach more. She found a good way To combine work and play: She sells C shells by the seashore.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A vengeful technician named Schmitz Caused a disk drive to go on the fritz. He covered the platter With bats' fecal matter. Now it's seek time is really the pits.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A very intelligent turtle Found programming UNIX a hurdle The system, you see, Ran as slow as did he, And that's not saying much for the turtle.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A very odd pair are the Pitts: His balls are as large as her tits, Her tits are as large As an invasion barge-- Neither knows how the other cohabits.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A wanton young lady from Wimley Reproached for not acting quite primly Said, "Heavens above! I know sex isn't love, But it's such an entrancing facsimile."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A water pipe suited miss Hunt; She used it for many a bunt. But the unlucky wench Got it caught in her trench --- It took twenty-two men and a big Stillson wrench, To get the thing out of her cunt.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A weary old lecher named Blott Took a luscious young blond to his yacht. Too lazy to rape her, He made darts out of paper, Which he leisurely tossed at her twat.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A whimsical fellow named Bloch Could beat the base drum with his cock. With a special erection He could play a selection From Johann Sebastian Bach.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A wicked stone cutter named Cary Drilled holes in divine statuary. With eyes full of malice He pulled out his phallus, And buggered a stone Virgin Mary.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A wide-bottomed girl named Trasket Had a hole as big as a basket. A spot, as a bride, In it now, you could hide, And include with your luggage your mascot.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A widow who fancied a man some Was diddled three times in a hansome. When she clamored for more Her young man became sore And exclaimed "My name's Simpson not Samson."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A widow whose singular vice Was to keep her late husband on ice Said, "It's been hard since I lost him -- I'll never defrost him! Cold comfort, but cheap at the price."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A wonderful bird is the pelican. His mouth can hold more than his belican. He can take in his beak Enough food for a week. I'm darned if I know how the helican.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A wonderful tribe are the Sweenies, Renowned for the length of their peenies. The hair on their balls Sweeps the floors of their halls, But they don't look at women, the meanies.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A wood-fetish busboy named Gable Is rapid, is thorough, is able; But when everything's cleared, He gives way to the weird, As he lovingly busses each table.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A worn-out young husband named Lehr Her daily his wife's plaintive prayer: "Slip on a sheath, quick, Then slip your big dick Between these lips covered with hair."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A worried young man from Stamboul Founds lots of red spots on his tool. Said the doctor, a cynic, "Get out of my clinic; Just wipe off the lipstick, you fool!"
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A young bride and groom of Australia Remarked as they joined genitalia : "Though the system seems odd, We are thankful that God Developed the genus Mammalia."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	A young fellow discovered through Freud That although of penis devoid, He could practice coitus By eating a foetus, And his parents were quite overjoyed.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A young Juliet of St. Louis On a balcony stood acting screwy. Her Romeo climbed, But he wasn't well timed, And half-way up, off he went -- blooey!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A young lad named Lester McGraw Caught a stranger on top of his Maw. As he watched him stick her He said, with a snicker, "You do it much faster than Paw."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A young lady sat by the sea, Just as proper as proper could be. A young fellow goosed her, And roughly seduced her, So she thanked him and went home to tea.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A young lady who lived by the Usk Subsisted each day on a rusk; She ate the first bite Before it was light, And the last crumb sometime after dusk.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A young maiden from France was no prude, She decided to dive in the nude, But her buddy, behind, Went out of his mind, When he noticed where she was tatooed.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A young man by a girl was desired To give her the thrills she required, But he died of old age Ere his cock could assuage The volcanic desire it inspired.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A young man from the banks of the Po Found his cock had elongated so, That when he'd pee It was never he But only his neighbors who'd know.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A young man grew increasingly peaky In a house where the hinges were squeaky, The ferns curled up brown, The ceilings flaked down, And all of the faucets were leaky.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A young man maintained that his trigger Was so big that there weren't any bigger. But this long and thick pud Was so heavy it could Scarcely lift up its head. It lacked vigor.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A young man of acumen and daring, Who'd amassed a great fortune in herring, Was left quite alone When it soon became known That their use at his board was unsparing.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A young man of Llanfairpwllgwyngyll While bent over plucking a dingle Had the whole of Eisteddfod Taking turns at his pod While they sang some impossible jingle.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A young man with passions quite gingery Tore a hole in his sister's best lingerie. He slapped her behind And made up his mind To add incest to insult and injury.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A young polo-player of Berkeley Made love to his sweetheart beserkly. In the midst of each chukker He would break off and fuck her Horizontally, laterally and verkeley.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A young systems programmer of Sprotic Found his software intensely erotic. In jealous distress He wiped his OS. It's possible that he's a psychotic.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	A young violinist from Rio Was seducing a woman named Cleo. As she took down her panties She said, "No andantes; I want this allegro con brio!"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A young wife in the outskirts of Reims Preferred frigging to going to mass. Said her husband, "Take Jacques, Or any young cock, For I cannot live up to your ass."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	A young woman got married at Chester, Her mother she kissed her and blessed her. Says she, "You're in luck, He's a stunning good fuck, For I've had him myself down in Leicester."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	According to experts, the oyster In its shell - a crustacean cloister - May frequently be Either he or a she Or both, if it should be its choice ter.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Alas for the Countess d'Isere, Whose muff wasn't furnished with hair. Said the Count, "Quelle surprise!" When he parted her thighs; "Magnifique! Pourtant pas de la guerre."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	All the female apes ran from King Kong For his dong was unspeakably long. But a friendly giraffe Quaffed his yard and a half, And ecstatically burst into song.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	An aesthete from South Carolina Had a cock that tickled like China, But while shooting his load It cracked like old Spode, So he's bought him a Steuben vagina.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An agreeable girl named Miss Doves Likes to jack off the young men she loves. She will use her bare fist If the fellows insist But she really prefers to wear gloves.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An AI researcher named Bluth Wrote, to find out the sexual truth, Eroticon VI, Which he taught certain tricks Which I'm sure can't be found in Knuth.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	An amazon giantess named Dunne Let a midget screw her for fun. But the poor little runt Was engulfed in her cunt And re-born as the twin of his son.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An ambitious lady named Harriet Once dreamed she was raped in a chariot By seventeen sailors A monk and three tailors, Mohammed and Judas Iscariot.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An anonymous woman we knew Was dozing one day in her pew; When the preacher yelled "Sin!" She said, "Count me in As soon as the service is through."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An architect fellow named Yoric Could, when feeling euphoric, Display for selection Three kinds of erection-- Corinthian,ionic,and doric.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An ardent young man named Magruder Once wooed a girl nude in Bermuda. She thought it quite lewd To be wooed in the nude, But magruder was shrewder, he screwed her.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	An Argentine gaucho named Bruno Who said, "Fucking is one thing I do know. Women are fine And sheep are divine But llamas are numero uno."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	An ARPAnaut name of Corvette Had a fetish involving the net. As he fondled his IMP His cock went from limp To as hard as concrete which has set.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An arrogant wench from Salt Lake Liked to tease all the boys on the make. She was finally the prize Of a man twice her size And all she recalls is the ache.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	An artist who lived in Australia Once painted his ass like a Dahlia. The drawing was fine, The colour -- divine, The scent -- ah, that was a failia.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An eager young hacker named Gus Once buggered a VAX Unibus. The hardware went bad, But not the young lad He didn't expect all that fuss!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An Edwardian father named Udgeon, Whose offspring provoked him to dudgeon, Used on Saturday nights To turn down the lights, And chase them around with a bludgeon.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	An envious girl named McMeanus Was jealous of her lover's big penis. It was small consolation That the rest of the nation Of women were with her in weeness.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	An exotic young lady named Suki Once danced in a troupe of kabuki When asked for a fuck She said, "Solly, no luck-- See here: looky looky, no nuki "
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	An impish young fellow named James Had a passion for idiot games. He lighted the hair Of his lady's affair And laughed as she pissed through the flames.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	An impotent Scot named MacDougall Had to husband his sperm and be frugal. He was gathering semen To gender a he-man, By screwing his wife through a bugle.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An incautious young woman named Venn Was seen with the wrong sort of men; She vanished one day, But the following May Her legs were retrieved from a fen.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An indefatigable woman named Bavel Had often occasion to travel; On the way she would sit And furiously knit, And on the way back she'd unravel.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	An ingenious young man in South Bend Made a synthetic ass for a friend, But the friend shortly found Its construction unsound, It was simply a bother -- no end.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An innocent maiden named Herridge Was cruelly tricked ito marriage; When she later found out What her spouse was about, She threw herself under a carriage.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An inquisitive virgin named Dora Asked the man who started to bore 'er : "Do you mean birds and bees Go through antics like these, To supply us our fauna and flora?"
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	An irate young lady named Booker Told her husband, "You beast, I'm no hooker! If you want it queer ways, Go to whores for your lays!" So he packed up his tool and forsook 'er.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An octagenerian Jew To his wife remained steadfastly true. This was not from compunction, But due to dysfunction Of his spermatic glands -- nuts to you.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An old couple just at Shrovetide Were having a piece -- when he died. The wife for a week Sat tight on his peak, And bounced up and down as she cried.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	An old electronic designer Had designs on a minor named Dinah. He couldn't carry them out For his prick was too stout, And too small was the minor's vagina.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An old gentleman's crotchets and quibblings Were a terrible trial to his siblings, But he was not removed Till one day it was proved That the bell-ropes were damp with his dribblings.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	An old maid who had a pet ape Lived in fear of perpetual rape. His red, hairy phallus So filled her with malice That she sealed up her snatch with Scotch tape.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	An old man at the Folies Bergere Had a jock, a most wondrous affair: It snipped off a twat-curl From each new chorus girl, And he had a wig made of the hair.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	An organist playing in York Had a prick that could hold a small fork, And between obbligatos He'd munch at tomatoes, To keep up his strength while at work.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	An orgasmic young sex star named Sue Was a hit as she writhed to a screw. Her climatic fame spread With an ad blitz that said: Coming soon at a theater near you!
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	An uptight young lady named Breerley Who valued her morals too dearly Had sex, so I hear, Only once every year, And she strained her vagina severely.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	And earnest young woman in Thrace Said, "Darling, that's not the right place!" So he gave her a thwack, And did on her back, What he couldn't have done face to face.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	And then there's the story that's fraught With disaster -- of balls that got caught, When a chap took a crap In the woods, and a trap Underneath... Oh, I can't bear the thought!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	As for weirdness, the guy who's the tops Is a kinky old butcher named Pops. Since he thinks it's effete To be beating his meat, What he's into is licking his chops.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	As he came in his chubby choirboy, Father Burke said, "There's no greater joy! If no sodomy levens And possible heavens, Existence will merely annoy."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	As the breeches-buoy swung towards the rocks, Its occupant cried, "Save my socks! I could not bear the loss, For with scarlet silk floss My mama has embroidered their clocks."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	As tourists inspected the apse An ominous series of raps Came from under the altar, Which caused some to falter And others to shriek and collapse.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Asked a supplicant priest of the pontiff, "Do I sin if I do what I want, if I screw a young nun In the eastertide sun?" His holiness murmured, "Gut yontiff."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	At a contest for farting in Butte One lady's exertion was cute : It won the diploma For fetid aroma, And three judges were felled by the brute.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	At a dance, a girl from Connecticut Showed an absolute absence of etiquette Letting all comers press Through the skirt of her dress And wiping the mess with her petticoat.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	At the end of all civilization Is the planet Terminus's location. There's a girl there whose feat, Without stone or concrete, Nonetheless, was to lay the Foundation.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	At the moment Japan declared war A sailor was fucking a whore. He said, "After this poke `Long and hard' ain't no joke; This means months 'til I get back ashore."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	At the Villa Nemetia the sleepers Are disturbed by a phantom in weepers; It beats all night long A dirge on a gong As it staggers about in the creepers.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	At Vassar, sex isn't injurious, Though of love we are never penurious. Thanks to vulcanized aids, Though we may die old maids, At least we shall never die curious.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	At whist drives and strawberry teas Fan would giggle and show off her knees; But when she was alone She'd drink eau de cologne, And weep from a sense of unease.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Augustus, for splashing his soup, Was put for the night on the stoop; In the morning he'd not Repented a jot, And next day he was dead of the croup.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Back in the days of old Adam The grass served as mattress for madam, And they spent the whole day On the sex that today They would bounce on box springs, if they had 'em.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Conflicting research paradigms Have legitimized various crimes. The worst we can see Is in psychology, Measuring reaction times.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	Dame Catherine of Ashton-on-Lynches Got on with her grooms and her wenches: She went down on the gents, And pronged the girl's vents With a clitoris reaching six inches.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	De Hispanice puella verumque Simplex oris verborumque Tulit potens vagina Hominum agmina Iterum iterum iterumque.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	Did you hear about young Henry Lockett? He was blown down the street by a rocket. The force of the blast Blew his balls up his ass, And his pecker was found in his pocket.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Don't dip your wick in a WAC, Don't ride the breast of a WAVE, Just sit in the sand And do it by hand, And buy bonds with the money you save.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Down by the old model T, Where she first showed it to me. It was furry and black, And she called it a crack, But it looked like a manhole to me.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	DuPont, I.G., Monsanto, and Shell Built a world-circling pussy cartel, And by planned obsolescence, So controlled detumescence, A poor man could not get a smell.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Each Friday his engines abort, But Scotty is never caught short. He fills his machines With space-navy beans, And farts the ship back into port.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Each night Father fills me with dread When he sits on the foot of my bed; I'd not mind that he speaks In gibbers and squeaks, But for the seventeen years he's been dead.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Es giebt ein Arbeiter von Tinz, Er schlaft mit ein Madel von Linz. Sie sagt, "Halt sein' plummen, Ich hore Mann kommen." "Jacht, jacht," sagt der Plummer, "Ich binz."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Ethnologists up with the Sioux Wired home for two punts, one canoe. The answer next day, Said, "Girls on the way, But what the hell's a `panoe'?"
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	Exuberant Sue from Anjou Found that fucking affected her hue. She presented to sight Nipples pink, bottom white; But her asshole was purple and blue.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Flappity, floppity, flip The mouse on the Mobius strip; The strip revolved, The mouse dissolved In a chronodimensional skip.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	Floating idly one day through the air, A circus performer named Blair, Tied a sizeable rock, To the end of his cock, And shattered a balcony chair.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Fond of equestrians, Mabel Looked for true love in the stable. But she found the studs, For her were all duds, Now she's out with the leg of a table.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	For a house-to-house salesman named Moore, Getting housewives' attention's no chore: He's endowed with a dong That is 12 inches long, So he wedges his foot in the door.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	For the sores on his prick he used Dial. That failed; he gave Lava a trial. But the one remedy For contagious V.D. Is the wonder drug sulfa-denial.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	"For the tenth time, dull Daphnis," said Chloe, "You have told me my bosom is snowy; You have made much fine verse on Each part of my person, Now do something -- there's a good boy!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	From deep in the crypt at St. Giles Came a bellow that echoed for miles. Said the rector, "My gracious, Has Father Ignatius Forgotten the Bishop has piles!?"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	From Number Nine, Penwiper Mews, There is really abominable news; They've discovered a head In the box for the bread, But nobody seems to know whose.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	From the bathing machine came a din As of jollification within; It was heard far and wide, And the incoming tide Had a definite flavour of gin.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	"Fucked by the finger of Fate!" Bewailed a young fellow named Tate. "Since dating Miss Baugh, My whole tongue has been raw-- It must have been something I ate."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	Fucking is a filthy deed. -- I like it. It satisfies a normal need. -- I like it. It makes you sick, it makes you well, It turns your spine to fucking jell, It damns your soul to Eternal Hell! -- I like it.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	Getting Cheryl to shed her apparel Is like shooting goldfish in a barrel. But her genital area Is so vast it'll scareya, And you venture inside at your peril.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	God's plan made a hopeful beginning But man spoiled his chances by sinning. We trust that the story Will end in God's glory But at present, the other side's winning.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Have you heard about Magda Lupescu, Who came to Romania's rescue? It's a wonderful thing To be under a king-- Is democracy better, I esk you?
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Have you heard of knock-kneed Samuel McGuzzum Who married Samantha, his bow-legged cousin? Some people say, Love finds a way, But for Sam and Samantha it doesn'.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Have you heard of the lady named Cox Who had a capacious old box? When her lover was in place She said, "Please turn your face. I look like a gal, but I screw like a fox."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	Have you heard of those trollops of Birmingham And the scandal that's currently concerning'em? How they lift the frock And tickle the cock Of the bishop while he was confirming 'em?
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Having made a remark rather coarse, A young lady was seized with remorse; She fled from the room, And later, a groom Saw her rolling about in the gorse.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	He dove down overweighted with lead. Passed one hundred and flat lost his head. He flapped and he flailed, Spit his hose and he wailed, Swallowed water and found himself dead.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	He hated to mend, so young Ned Called in a cute neighbor instead. Her husband said, "Vi, When you stitched up his torn fly, Did you have to bite off the thread?"
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	He played smooch and stinkfinger with Daisy Till this virgin was gotch-eyed and hazy. Then his gargantuan pole in Her pink, tight, and swollen Young cunt just about drove her crazy.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	He'd kiss and the girls called him Georgie They'd cry and the girls called him Porgie. So he put Spanish fly In their pudding and pie And had the first tiny-tot orgy.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	"Hell, no," said the Duchess of Quick, "I won't suck his filthy old prick! It's not that I funk At a mouthful of spunk, But the smell of his ass makes me sick!"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	Her brother, a bastard named Ben, Could rotate his pecker, and then He would shoot through his rear Which made him dear Of the girls, and the envy of men.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Her daughter, thought worried Ms. Coffin, Had morals the city might soften. So she phoned and asked, "Lynn, Are you living in sin?" Lynn said, "No -- but I visit there often."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	His shy bride admitted to Crandall That for years she'd worked off with a candle, But a cock like his dick Gave her ten times the kick, Though it stained her wee peehole to handle!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	I dined with Lord Hughing Fitz-Bluing Who said, "Do you squirm when you're screwing?" I replied, "Simple shagging Without any wagging Is only for screwing canoeing."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	"I do love a lay every day, So whenever you're coming this way Just phone in advance And I'll jerk off my pants, And we're set for a sexy soiree!"
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	I know of a fortunate Hindu Who is sought in the towns that he's been to By the ladies he knows, Who are thrilled to the toes By the tricks that he makes his foreskin do.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	I met a young man in Chungking Who had a very long thing -- But you'll guess my surprise When I found that its size Just measured a third-finger ring!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	I never had Miss Defauw, But it wouldn't have been quite so raw If she'd only said "No" When I wanted her so; But she didn't -- she laughed and said "Naw!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	I once had the wife of a Dean Seven times while the Dean was out skiin'. She remarked with some gaiety, "Not bad for the laiety, Though the Bishop once managed thirteen."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	I once met a lassie named Ruth In a long distance telephone booth. Now I know the perfection Of an ideal connection Even if somewhat uncouth.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	I once was annoyed by a queer Who made his intentions quite clear. Said I, "I'm no prude, So don't think me rude, But I'm already stewed, screwed, and tattooed."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	I wish that my room had a floor; I don't so much care for a door, But this walking around Without touching the ground Is getting to be quite a bore!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	I wooed a stewed nude in Bermuda, I was lewd, but my God! she was lewder. She said it was crude To be wooed in the nude-- I pursued her, subdued her, and screwed her!
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	I would like to say, Mister Bunce, I'm a great connoisseur of hot cunts. And in all my lewd life I've met none like your wife, So why leave her to me, you big dunce?
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	I'd rather have fingers than toes, I'd rather have ears than a nose, And a happy erection Brought just to perfection Makes me terribly sad when it goes.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	If continence causes neurosis And intercourse causes thrombosis I'd rather expire Fulfilling desire Than live in a state of psychosis.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	If you find for your verse there's no call, And you can't afford paper at all, For the true poet born, However forlorn, There is always the lavat'ry wall.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	If you're speaking of actions immoral The how about giving the laurel To doughty Queen Esther, No three men could best her -- One fore, and one aft, and one oral.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	If your thesis is utterly vacuous, Employ first-order predicate calculus. With sufficient formality, The sheerest banality, Will be hailed by all as miraculous!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Il y a une jeune fille amoureuse D'un homme qu'a une conduite honteuse; Il la mene chaque soir A son caveau noir Et la bat avec plaintes crapuleuses.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Il y avait un jeune homme de dijon, Qui n'avait que peu de religion. Il dit:"quant a' moi, Je deteste tous les trois, Le pere, et le fils, et le pigeon-"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Il y avait un plombier, Francois, Qui plombait sa femme dans le Bois. Dit-elle, "Arretez! J'entends quelqu'un venait." Dit le plombier, en plombant, "C'est moi."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Il y avait une madame de Lahore Dont la figure n'etait la meilleure, Mais la vagine tres forte, Toujours ouverte la porte, Encore, et encore, et encore.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	In bed Dr. Oscar McPugh Spoke of Spengler -- and ate crackers too. His wife said, "Oh, stuff That philosophy guff Up your ass, dear, and throw me a screw!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	In Duluth there's a hostess, forsooth, Who doesn't know gin from vermouth, But this lubricant lapse Isn't noticed, perhaps Because nobody does in Duluth.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	In the case of a lady named Frost, Whose cunt's a good two feet acrost, It's the best part of valor To bugger the gal, or You're apt to fall in and get lost.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	In the Garden of Eden sat Adam, Massaging the bust of his madam, He chuckled with mirth, For he knew that on earth, There were only two boobs and he had 'em.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	In the little French town of Le'Beau, Lived a maiden exceedingly droll. At a masquerade ball, Clad in nothing at all, She backed in as a Parker house roll.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	It always delights me at Hank's To walk up the old river banks. One time in the grass I stepped on an ass, And heard a young girl murmur, "Thanks."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	It had snowed, and the man in the drift, Flagged her down and asked, "Give me a lift?" They sat in her Bentley, She fondled him gently, And the lift that he'd asked for was swift!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	It takes little strain and no art To bang out an echoing fart. The reaction is hearty When you fart at a party, But the sensitive persons depart.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	King Louis gave a lesson in class, One time while enjoying a lass. When she used the word "Damn" He rebuked her: "Please ma'am, Keep a more civil tongue in my ass."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	"Last night," said a lassie named Ruth, "In a long-distance telephone booth, I enjoyed the perfection Of an ideal connection -- I was screwed, if you must know the truth."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Les salons de la ville de Trieste Sont vaseux, suraigus, at funestes; Parmi les grandes chaises On cause des malaises, Des estropiements, et des pestes.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Limericks are art forms complex, Their topics run chiefly to sex. They usually have virgins, And masculine urgin's, And other erotic effects.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Love letters no longer they write us, To their homes they so seldom invite us. It grieves me to say, They have learned with dismay, We can't cure their `vulva pruritus'.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Marlene wanted Joy to relent, She said, "AIDS is so hard to prevent. If you want to get laid, Then we'll have to tribade!" (But Joy didn't know what she meant.)
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	McCoy's a seducer galore, And of virgins he has quite a score. He tells them, "My dear, You're the Final Frontier, Where man never has gone before."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Meet Elmer, young son of the Thorpes, Afflicted with psychotic warps. His idea of fun Is to bugger a nun, And then vomit all over the corpse.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	Mrs. Kelly is partial to cocks; Mr. Kelly likes rye on the rocks. When he's under the weather They can't get together, So others get into her box.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	`My trip? It was vile. Balaclava I loathed. Etna was crawling with lava. The ship was all white But it creaked in the night, And the band, they did not know la java."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Now hear this fair lass from Rhode Isle Who said with a wink and a smile, "Sure, please stick it in, Be it thick be it thin, But if rough I won't do as a file."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Oden the bardling averred His muse was the bum of a bird, And his Lesbian wife Would finger his fife While Fisherwood waited as third.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	Of his face she thought not very much, But then, at the very first touch, Her attitude shifted -- He was terribly gifted At frigging and fucking and such.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Oh pity the prince, Montezuma He tried to make love to a puma. Seems the puma, in play, Tore his testes away -- An example of animal huma.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	Oh, pity the Duchess of Kent! Her cunt is so dreadfully bent, The poor wench doth stammer, "I need a sledgehammer To pound a man into my vent."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	On a cannibal isle near Malaysia Lives a lady they call Anastasia. Not russian elite- She's eager to eat Whatever or whoever lays her.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	On a ship wrecked far out at sea, The girl said, "I can't seem to pee." "Aha!" said the mate, "That settles the fate Of the captain, the pilot, and me."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	On day a Monterey daughter Did scuba down under the water. She later turned up The mom of a pup, And they say t'was a otter that gotter.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	On the breast of a lady named Gail, Was tattooed the price of her tail. And on her behind, For the sake of the blind, Was the same information -- in Braille.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	On the porch of a dude named Horatio, His girl got a yen for fellatio. As she sucked on his dingus He tried cunnilingus But the cops ran 'em off of that patio.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Once a young gay from Khartoum, Took a lesbian up to his room. They argued all night Over who had the right To do what, and with which, and to whom.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Once was a hooker named Gail, Busted and sent-off to jail, She liked the jailer, He wanted to nail her, So Gail made bail with her tail.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	One evening a guru had coitus With an actress, a whore and a poetess. When asked what position He used for coition, He answered serenely, "the lotus."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	One night a girl had an affair With a fellow all covered with hair. Then she picked up his hat And realized that She'd been had by Smokey the Bear.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	Our staff proctologist, Dr. Barr, Has invented a new kind of car. With a tank full of shit There's no stopping it -- For short trips, two poots take you far.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Perplexed, a shy virgin named Plummer Asked, "what's there to do in the summer?" She declined and declined Till approached from behind... When her summer turned out quite a bummer!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Playing poker with busty Ms. Ware, He announced as he folded with flair, "I had four of a kind, But those aces combined, Don't stack up, I'm afraid, with your pair."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Poor Alice who lived in Corvallis Had heard of, but not seen, the male phallus. At her first sight of one She started to run, And last was seen sprinting through Dallas.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Pour guerir un acces de fievre Un jeune homme poursuivit un lievre; Il le prit a son trou, Et fit faire un ragout Des entrailles et des pattes au genievre.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Prince Absalom lay with his sister And bundled and nibbled and kissed her, But the kid was so tight, And it was deep night -- Though he shot at the target, he missed her.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Prince Hamlet thought Uncle a traitor For having it off with his Mater; Revenge Dad or not? That's the gist of the plot, And he did -- nine soliloquies later.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Prope mare erat tubulator Qui virginem ingrediebatur. Dessine ingressus Audivi progressus: Est mihi inquit tubulator.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	Said a dainty young whore named Ms. Meggs, "The men like to spread my two legs, Then slip in between, If you know what I mean, And leave me the white of their eggs."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	Said a decadent wench of Bombay : "This has been a most wonderful day. Three cherry tarts, At least twenty farts, Two shits, and a bloody fine lay."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Said a girl who upon her divan Was attacked by a virile young man: "Such excess of passion Is quite out of fashion" And she fractured his wrist with her fan.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Said a happy young man of Fort Drum : "What care I for this shortage of gum? My favorite chew Is a condom or two, With a goodly amount of fresh come."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	Said a horny young girl from Milpitas, "My favorite sport is coitus." But a fullback from State Made her period late, And now she has athlete's fetus
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	Said a lecherous fellow named Shea, When his prick wouldn't rise for a lay, "You must seize it, and squeeze it, And tease it, and please it, For Rome wasn't built in a day."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Said a lesbian lady, "It's sad; Of all the girls that I've had, None gave me the thrill Of real rapture until I learned how to be a tribade."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Said a madam named Mamie La Farge To a sailor just off of a barge, "We have one girl that's dead, With a hole in her head-- Of course there's a slight extra charge."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Said a modest young miss to de Sade, I'm simply too shy and afraid To take part in your pranks. But to show you my thanks, I'd just love to become your first aide.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	Said a pornographistic young poet "Although I perhaps do not show it, My interest in sin Is wearing quite thin, And I'll soon tell those fuckers to stow it."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Said a swinging young chick named Lyth Whose virtue was largely a myth, "Try as hard as I can, I can't find a man That it's fun to be virtuous with!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Said crew girl Angelica Bauer : "The captain's withdrawn, cold, and sour." Uhura said, "No, At night that's not so-- He doesn't withdraw for an hour."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Said Einstein, "I have an equation Which to some may seem rabelaisian: Let V be virginity Approaching infinity; Let P be a constant persuasion; "Let V over P be inverted With the square root of Mu inserted N times into V ... The result, Q.E.D., Is a relative!" Einstein asserted.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Said Francesca, "My lack of volition Is leading me straight to perdition; But I haven't the strength To go to the length Of making an act of contrition."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Said President Jobcock one day : "War's better than love, I should say. Instead of a virgin, It's murder I'm urgin'-- You get lots more blood that-a-way."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Said sneering Mohammed el-Din : "Only infidel dogs put it in. Back home in Arabia We nibble the labia Till the juice dribbles off of our chin."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	Said the cunt-lapping Bey of Algiers, In a cunt halfway up to his ears : "This nautch is delicious, And without doubt nutritious. She's my best-tasting wife in ten years!"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	Said the Duchess of Danzer at tea, "Young man, do you fart when you pee?" I replied with some wit, "Do you belch when you shit?" I think that was one up for me.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Said the nun as the bishop withdrew, "This must be our final adieu, For the vicar is slicker, And thicker, and quicker, And two inches longer than you."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Saint Peteer was once heard to boast That he'd had all the heavenly host : The Father and Son, And then - just for fun - The hole in the Holy Ghost.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Says an airlining wanton named Vi: "I'm a pantyless stew when I fly. To a muffer's delight, I'll take head on a flight, So the guy can have pie in the sky."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	She begged and she pleaded for more. I said, "We've already had four, And I'm sure that you've heard, Though it's somewhat absurd, That eros spelt backwards is sore."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	She made a thing of soft leather, And topped off the end with a feather. When she poked it inside her She took off like a glider, And gave up her lover forever.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	She stood there and peeled off her clothes, And begged for a bang : goodness knows I am surely impure And I sizzled to scrure, But the push had gone out of my hose.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	She was coming round the mountain doin' ninety, When the chain on her motorcycle broke, Now she's lying in the grass, With the muffler up her ass, And her tits a-playin' Dixie on the spokes.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	She was peeved, and called her beau "Mr." Not because, when she came in, he kr., But she knew, just before She opened the door, This same Mr. had kr. sr.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	She wasn't what one could call pretty And other girls offered her pity, So nobody guessed That her Wasserman test Involved half the men in the city.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Shouted Frosty the Snowman "Hooray! I'm agog with excitement today! And the reason of course, A reliable source, Said the snow blower's heading this way!"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	Sighed a neat little package named Annie : "I've the tits and the twat and the fanny, Plus the yen, but the men Only call now and then-- Can it be I've B.O. in my cranny?"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	"Snyder's got a stiff ticket," said Kay, "Come on, take it out, and let's play." He pulled it on out, But she started to pout, His ticket was only a quarter-inch stout.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	So here was this fellow of Strensall Whose pecker was shaped like a pencil, Anemic, 'tis true, But an interesting screw, Inasmuch as the tip was prehensile.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Some Harvard men, stalwart and hairy, Drank up several bottles of sherry; In the Yard around three They were shrieking with glee: "Come on out, we are burning a fairy!"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	Thank God for the Duchess of Gloucester, She obliges all who accost her. She welcomes the prick Of Tom, Harry or Dick, Or Baldwin, or even Lord Astor.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	That Harvard don down at El Djim -- Oh, wasn't it nasty of him, With the whole harem randy, The sheik himself handy, To muss up a young camel's quim.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	That naughty old Sappho of Greece Said: "What I prefer to a piece Is to have my pudenda Rubbed hard by the enda The little pink nose of my niece."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The acrobats -- Tom and Louise -- Do an act in the nude on their knees. They crawl down the aisle While screwing dog-style, As the orchestra plays Kilmer's "Trees."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The babe, with a cry brief and dismal, Fell into the water baptismal; Ere they'd gathered its plight, It had sunk out of sight, For the depth of the font was abysmal.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	The bedsprings next door jounce and creak : They have kept me awake for a week. Why do newlyweds Select squeaky beds To develop their fucking technique?
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	The bishop of Alexandretta Loved a girl and he couldn't forget her. So he thought he'd enshrine her As the Holy Vagina In the Church of the Sacred French Letter.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The bustard's a remarkable fowl With surely no reason to growl He escapes what would be Illegitimacy By the grace of a fortunate vowel.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The cruelest of creatures' the crab With claws that can pinch you or stab, And then when you dine On crab and white wine It gets you as well with the tab.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The Dowager Duchess of Spout Collapsed at the height of a rout; She found strength to say As they bore her away: "I should never have taken the trout."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	The Enterprise crew when off work Will fuck like an Ottoman Turk. Uhura the Zulu Is shacked up with Sulu, And Spock shares a crew girl with Kirk.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	The Enterprise girls, so one hears, Have chased Spock for several years. His look of disdain Has spared them great pain, For his prick is as sharp as his ears.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	The fearless old bishop of Brest Put his faith in the Lord to the test. He fucked whores in the apse With chancres and claps, But first they were sprinkled and blessed.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The first child of a Mrs. Keats-Shelley Came to light with its face in its belly; Her second was born With a hump and a horn, And her third was as shapeless as jelly.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	The genital area of Ann Will accommodate any size man, From the wee that cause titters To the mighty twat-splitters That cause screams peasants hear in Japan.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	The Gray-haired Woman's Complaint My back aches, my pussy is sore; I simply can't fuck any more; I'm covered with sweat, And you haven't come yet, And my God, it's a quarter to four!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The Grecians were famed for fine art, And buildings and stonework so smart. They distinguished with poise The men from the boys, And used crowbars to keep them apart.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The King named Oedipus Rex Who started this fuss about sex Put the world to great pains By the spots and the stains Which he made on his mother's pubex.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	The King plugged the Queen's ass with mustard To make her fuck hot, but got flustered, And cried, "Oh, my dear, I am coming, I fear, But the mustard will make you come `plus tard'."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The kings of Peru were the Incas, Who were known far and wide as great drincas. They worshipped the sun And had lots of fun, But the peasants all thought they were stincas.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	The late Brigham Young was no neuter -- No faggot, no fairy, no fruiter. Where ten thousand virgins Succumbed to his urgin's There now stands the great State of Utah.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	The latest reports from Good Hope State that apes there have pricks thick as rope, And fuck high, wide, and free, From the top of one tree To the top of the next -- what a scope!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The limerick is furtive and mean; You must keep her in close quarantine, Or she sneaks to the slums And promptly becomes Disorderly, drunk, and obscene.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The limerick, a verse form iniquitous, Has nonetheless been ubiquitous. Once Congress in session, Declared its suppression, But people got around that by writing the last line with no rhyme or meter.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	The long-peckered Bey of Algiers Loved to spear chubby lads in their rears. A demon for semen, This buffersome he-man Shot the chute till it seeped from their ears.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The moyel who treated young Alec Was cross-eyed and hydrocephalic. Presented the child His aim was so wild He rendered the poor boy biphallic.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	The new cinematic emporium Is not just a super-sensorium, But a highly effectual Heterosexual Mutual masturbatorium.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	The nipples of Sarah Sarong When excited are twelve inches long This embarrassed her lover Who was pained to discover She expected no less of his dong
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The notorious Duchess of Peels Saw a fisherman fishing for eels. Said she, "Would you mind? -- Shove one up my behind. I am anxious to know how it feels."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The office brown-noser named Bunky Would claim he was nobody's flunky. But when the chips were all down, His proboscis was brown, And there hung many strands which were gunky.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	The old archeologist, Throstle, Discovered a marvelous fossil. He knew from its bend And the knot on the end, 'Twas the penis of Paul the Apostle.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	The once was a man from Bombay Who modeled his cunts out of clay So hot was his prick That he turned them to brick And rubbed all his foreskin away.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The partition of Vavasour Scowles Was a sickener: they came on his bowels In a firkin; his brain Was found clogging a drain, And his toes were inside of some towels.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	The prick of the engineer, Scott, Fell off from Saturnian rot. He went to the basement And made a replacement Of tungsten and plastic and snot.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	The randy old Bey of Algiers Who'd confined his cock-poking to queers, Tried a cunt for a change, And remarked : "It felt strange ... Just think what I've missed all these years!"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher Called a girl a most elegant creature. So she laid on her back And, exposing her crack, Said, "Fuck that, you old Sunday School Teacher!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The Reverend Henry Ward Beecher Called a hen a most elegant creature. The hen, pleased with that, Laid an egg in his hat -- And thus did the hen reward Beecher.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The Shah of the Empire of Persia Lay for days in a sexual merger. When the nautch asked the Shah, "Won't you ever withdraw?" He replied with a yawn, "It's inertia."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The sight of his guests filled Lord Cray At breakfast with horrid dismay, So he launched off the spoons The pits from his prunes At their heads as they neared the buffet.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	The skater, Barbara Ann Scott Is so fuckingly "winsome" a snot, That when posed on her toes She elaborately shows Teeth, fat ass, titties and twat.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The spouse of a pretty young thing Came home from the wars in the spring. He was lame but he came With his dame like a flame -- A discharge is a wonderful thing.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	The star of that X-rated hit Plays a nurse with a throat full of clit. This serves as a palace For each turgid phallus-- Some say that the plot is pure shit.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The Sultan was peeved with his harem, And cooked up a scheme for to scare'em. He caught a big mouse Which he loosed in the house. (Such confusion is called harem-scarem).
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	"The testes are cooler outside," Said the doc to the curious bride, "For the semen must not Get too fucking hot, And the bag fans your bum on the ride."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The wife of young Richard of Limerick Complained to her husband, "My quim, Rick, Still grows in diameter Each time that you ram at her; How can your poor tool stay so slim, Rick?"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The woman who lives on the moon Is still cherishing the balloon Of an earthling who'd come And given her some, But had dribbled away all too soon.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	The work of Mess Sergeant Potgieter Is not merely reading a meter. By orders of Kirk A part of his work Is dosing the food with saltpeter.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There a young man from the Coast Who had an affair with a ghost. At the height of orgasm Said the pallid phantasm, "I think I can feel it -- almost!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There are some things we mustn't expose, So we hide them away in our clothes. Oh, it's shocking to stare At what's certainly there-- But why this is so, heaven knows.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There is a young faggot named Mose Who insists that you fuck his long nose. And you'll double the joy Of this lecherous boy If you'll tickle his balls with your toes.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There is a young lady named Aird, Whose bottom is always kept bared. When asked why she pouts, She says "The Boy Scouts, All beg me to please Be Prepared!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a bishop from Birmingham Who deflowered young girls while confirming 'em. As they knelt on the hassock He lifted his cassock And slipped his episcopal worm in 'em.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a boy named Carruthers Who was busily fucking his mother "I know it's a sin," He said, shoving it in, "But it's better than blowing my brother."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a chick named Longet, Who went out to Aspen to play. Along came a Spyder, Who sat down beside her And she blew the poor bastard away.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a couple named Kelley, Who lived their life belly to belly. Because in their haste They used library paste, Instead of petroleum jelly.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a dentist named Stone Who saw all his patients alone. In a fit of depravity He filled the wrong cavity, And my, how his practice has grown!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a Duchess of Beever Who slept with her golden retriever. Said the potted old Duke : "Such tricks make me puke! Were it not for her money, I'd leave her."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once was a Duchess of Bruges Whose cunt was incredibly huge. Said the king to this dame As he thunderously came: "Mon Dieu! Apres moi, le deluge!"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a fairy named Avers Who encircled his cock with lifesavers. Though buggers all claimed That their asses were maimed, Sixy-niners all cheered the new flavors.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a fellow named Bob Who in sexual ways was a snob. One day he was swimmin' With twelve naked women And deserted them all for a gob.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a fellow named Brewster Who said to his wife, as he goosed her, "It used to be grand But look at my hand You're not wiping as clean as ya uster."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a fellow named Howard, Whose tool it was nuclear-powered, While grabbing some ass, He reached critical mass, But think of the girl he deflowered!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a fellow named Potts Who was prone to having the trots But his humble abode Was without a commode So his carpet was covered with spots.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a fellow named Siegel Who attempted to bugger a beagle, But the mettlesome bitch Turned and said with a twitch, "It's fun, but you know it's illegal."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a fellow named Sweeney Who spilled gin all over his weenie. Not being uncouth, He added vermouth And slipped his amour a martini.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a feisty young terrier Who liked to bite girls on the derriere. He'd yip and he'd yap, Then leap up and snap; And the fairer the derriere the merrier.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a floozie named Annie Whose prices were cosy--but cannie: A buck for a fuck, Fifty cents for a suck, And a dime for a feel of her fanny.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a freshman named Lin, Whose tool was as thin as a pin, A virgin named Joan From a bible belt home, Said "This won't be much of a sin."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once was a gangster named Brown -- the sneakiest bastard in town. He was caught by G-men Shooting his semen Where the cops would slip and fall down.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a gaucho named Bruno, Who said, "About sex, well, I do know, Sheep are just fine, Chickens, divine, But iguanas are Numero Uno."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a gay young Parisian Who screwed an appendix incision, And the girl of his choice Could hardly rejoice At the horrible lack of precision.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a girl from Cornell Whose teats were shaped like a bell. When you touched them they shrunk, Except when she was drunk, And then they got bigger than hell.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a girl from Decatur, Who got laid by a big alligator. Now nobody knew The result of that screw, 'Cause after he laid her, he ate her.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a girl from Madras Who had such a beautiful ass -- It was not round and pink (As you bastards think) But had two ears, a tail, and ate grass.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a girl from Spokane, Went to bed with a one-legged man. She said, "I know you-- You've really got two! Why didn't you say so when we began?"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a girl named Irene Who lived on distilled kerosene But she started absorbin' A new hydrocarbon And since then has never benzene.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once was a girl named Louise Whose cunt hair hung down to her knees. The crabs in her twat Tied the hairs in a knot And constructed a flying trapeze.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once was a girl named Mcgoffin Who was diddled amazingly often. She was rogered by scores Who'd been turned down by whores, And was finally screwed in her coffin.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once was a girl named Priscilla Whose vagina was flavored vanilla. The taste was so fine Man and beast stood in line (Including a stud armadilla).
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a girl so lovely, Who wanted to make love in the bubbly, She strapped on her tanks, And started her pranks, But the lobsters all thought she was ugly.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a golfer named Leer, Who got put in the clink for a year, For an action obscene, On the very first green. Where the sign said "Enter course here."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a gouty old colonel Who grew glum when the weather grew vernal, And he cried in his tiffin For his prick wouldn't stiffen, And the size of the thing was infernal.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a guardsman from Buckingham Who said, "As for girls, I hate fucking 'em. But when I meet boys, God! how I enjoys Just licking their peckers and sucking 'em."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a hacker named Ken Who inherited truckloads of Yen. So he built him some chicks, Of silicon chips, And hasn't been heard from since then.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once was a handsome young seaman Who with ladies was really a demon. In peace or in war, At sea or on shore, He could certainly dish out the semen.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once was a horny old bitch With a motorized self-frigger which She would use with delight All day long and all night - Twenty bucks: Abercrombie & Fitch.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a horse named Lily Whose dingus was really a dilly. It was vaginoid duply, And labial quadruply -- In fact, he was really a filly.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a husky young Viking Whose sexual prowess was striking. Every time he got hot He would scour the twat Of some girl that might be to his liking.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a jolly old bloke Who picked up a girl for a poke. He took down her pants, Fucked her into a trance, And then shit into her shoe for a joke.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a kiddie named Carr Caught a man on top of his mar. As he saw him stick 'er, He said with a snicker, "You do it much faster than par."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a lady from Exeter, So pretty that men craned their necks at her. One was even so brave As to take out and wave The distinguishing mark of his sex at her.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once was a lady from Kansas Whose cunt was as big as Bonanzas. It was nine inches deep And the sides were quite steep -- It had whiskers like General Carranza's.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a lady named Carter, Fell in love with a virile young Tartar. She stripped off his pants, At his prick quickly glanced, And cried: "For that I'll be a martyr!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a lady named Clair, Who possessed a magnificent pair. Or that's what I thought, Till I saw one get caught, On a thorn and begin losing air.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a lady named Myrtle Who had an affair with a turtle. She had crabs, so they say, In a year and a day Which proved that that turtle was fertile.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a lawyer named Rex With minuscule organs of sex. Arraigned for exposure, He maintained with composure, "De minimis non curat lex." [Trans: the law does not concern itself with small things. Ed.]
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a lifeguard named Lee Who rescued a girl from the sea She asked how to pay, And he said "Try this way, Go down for the third time on me."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once was a maid from Mobile Whose cunt was made of blue steel. She only got thrills From pneumatic drills And an off-centered emery wheel.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a man from Bombay He would do it all night and all day He soon became sore You shoulda' heard him roar When his wife rubbed his balls with Ben-Gay!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a man from Calcutta Who used to beat off in the gutta The heat of the sun Affected his gun And turned all his cream into butta!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a man from Dunoon, Who always ate soup with a fork. He said "When I eat Either fish, foul or flesh, I otherwise finish too quick."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a man from Exameter Who had a prodigious diameter But it wasn't the size That brought forth the cries 'Twas his rhythm, iambic pentameter.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a man from Madras, Whose balls were made out of brass. When they clanged together, They played "Stormy Weather", And lightning shot out of his ass.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a man from Nantee Who buggered an ape in a tree. The results were most horrid All ass and no forehead Three balls and a purple goatee.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once was a man from Nantucket Whose dick was so long he could suck it. He said with a grin As he wiped off his chin, "If my ear was a cunt, I could fuck it."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a man from Racine, Who invented a screwing machine. Both concave and convex, It could please either sex, But, oh, what a bastard to clean!
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once was a man from Sandem Who was making his girl on a tandem. At the peak of the make She jammed on the brake And scattered his semen at random.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a man from Sydney Who could put it up to her kidney. But the man from Quebec Put it up to her neck; He had a big one, now didn't he?
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a man named Eugene Who invented a screwing machine Concave and convex It served either sex And it played with itself in between.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a man named McGruder, Who canoed with a girl in Bermuder. But the girl thought it crude, To be wooed in the nude, So McGru took an oar and subduder.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a man named McSweeny Who spilled lots of gin on his weeney So just to be couth He added vermouth And slipped his best girl a martini.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a man named Parridge With peculiar views on marriage. He sucked off his brother, Fucked his own mother, And gobbled his sister's miscarriage.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a man with a hernia Who said to his doctor, "Gol dern ya, When you work on my middle Be sure you don't fiddle With things that do not concern ya."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a member of Mensa Who was a most excellent fencer. The sword that he used Was his -- (line is refused, And has now been removed by the censor).
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once was a miner named Dave, Who kept a dead whore in his cave. She was ugly as shit, And missing one tit, But think of the money he saves.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a monk of Camyre Who was seized with a carnal desire And the primary cause Was the abbess's drawers Which were hung up to dry by the fire.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a newspaper vendor, A person of dubious gender. He would charge one-and-two For permission to view His remarkable double pudenda.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a plumber from Leigh, Who was plumbing his maid by the sea, Said she, "Please stop plumbing, I think someone's coming!" Said he, "Yes, love, I know that, it's me."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a pretty young Mrs. Whose tearful but short story thrs. Her mind lost its grasp -- Now she thinks she's an asp And just sits in the corner and hrs.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once was a queen of Bulgaria Whose bush had grown hairier and hairier, Till a prince from Peru Who came up for a screw Had to hunt for her cunt with a terrier.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a reverend at Kings Whose mind 'twas on heavenly things. But his heart was on fire For a boy in the choir Whose buns were like jelly on springs.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a sad Maitre d'hotel Who said, "They can all go to hell! What they do to my wife -- Why it ruins my life; And the worst is they all do it well."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a sailor named Gasted, A swell guy, as long as he lasted, He could jerk himself off In a basket, aloft, Or a breeches-buoy swung from the masthead.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a Scot named McAmeter With a tool of prodigious diameter. It was not the size That cause such surprise; 'Twas his rhythm -- iambic pentameter.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a son-of-a-bitch, Neither clever, nor handsome, nor rich, Yet the girls he would dazzle, And fuck to a frazzle, And then ditch them, the son-of-a-bitch!
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a spaceman named Spock Who had a huge Vulcanized cock. A girl from Missouri Whose name was Uhura Just fainted away from the shock.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a Swede in Minneapolis, Discovered his sex life was hapless: The more he would screw The more he'd want to, And he feared he would soon be quite sapless.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a Usenetter named Mark, Whose gender was kept in the dark. He/she/it said with a nod, "My ancestors were odd!" Did Noah need two for the ark?
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once was a whore from Regina Who had a stupendous vagina. To save herself time, She had six at a time, And another one working behind her.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a woman from Arden Who sucked off a man in a garden. He said, "My dear Flo, Where does all that stuff go?" And she said, "[Swallow hard] I beg pardon?"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a yokel of Beaconsfield Engaged to look after the deacon's field, But he lurked in the ditches And diddled the bitches Who happened to cross that antique 'un's field.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a young fellow named Blaine, And he screwed some disgusting old jane. She was ugly and smelly, With an awful pot-belly, But... well, they were caught in the rain.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a young girl from Natchez Who chanced to be born with two snatches She often said, "Shit! I'd give either tit For a guy with equipment that matches."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a young man from Boston Who drove around town in an Austin, There was room for his ass, And a gallon of gas, So he hung out his balls and he lost 'em.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a young man from France Who waited ten years for his chance; Then he muffed it...
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once was a young man from Yuma Who attempted sex with a puma He gave up real quick Minus nose, toes, and prick In obvious pain and ill huma.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a young man from Yuma, Who told an elephant joke to a puma. Now his dry bleached bones lie, Under hot Asian skies, 'Cause the puma had no sense of huma.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a young man named Clyde Who fell in an outhouse, and died. He had a twin brother Who fell in another And now they're interred side by side.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a young man named Gene, Who invented a screwing machine. Concave and convex, It served either sex, And it played with itself in between.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was a young man named Lancelot Whom the townsfolk would look at askance a lot For when he should pass A desirable lass The front of his pants would advance a lot.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was an Arpanet freak, Who better response-time did seek. He searched coast to coast, For a reliable host, Whose logger took less than a week.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was an old man from Esser, Who's knowledge grew lesser and lesser. It at last grew so small, He knew nothing at all, And now he's a College Professor.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There once was an old man from Esser, Whose knowledge grew lesser and lesser. It at last grew so small, He knew nothing at all, And now he's a College Professor.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There once were two brothers named Luntz Who buggered each other at once. When asked to account For this intricate mount, They said, "Ass-holes are tighter than cunts."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There once were two women from Birmingham. And this is the story concerning 'em. They lifted the frock And fondled the cock Of the bishop as he was confirming 'em.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a bluestocking in Florence Wrote anti-sex pamphlets in torrents, Till a Spanish grandee, Got her off with his knee, And she burned all her works with abhorrence.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a family named Doe, An ideal family to know. As father screwed mother, She said, "You're heavier than brother." And he said, "Yes, Sis told me so!"
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a fat lady of China Who'd a really enormous vagina, And when she was dead They painted it red, And used it for docking a liner.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a fat man from Rangoon Whose prick was much like a ballon. He tried hard to ride her And when finally inside her She thought she was pregnant too soon.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a gay countess of Bray, And you may think it odd when I say, That in spite of high station, Rank and education, She always spelled cunt with a 'k'.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a gay dog from Ontario Who fancied himself a Lothario. At a wench's glance He'd snatch off his pants And make for her Mons Venerio.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a gay parson of Norton Whose prick, although thick, was a short 'un. To make up for this loss, He had balls like a horse, And never spent less than a quartern.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a gay parson of Tooting Whose roe he was frequently shooting, Till he married a lass With a face like my arse, And a cunt you could put a top-boot in.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a girl from Aberystwyth Who brought grain to the mill to get grist with. The miller's son Jack Laid her flat on her back And united the organs they pissed with.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a lewd fellow named Duff Who loved to dive deep in the muff. With his head in a whirl He said, "Spread it, Pearl; I cunt get enough of the stuff!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a man from Mich. Who used to wish and wich. That spring would come So he could bum Around and go out fich.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a pianist named Liszt Who played with one hand while he pissed, But as he grew older His technique grew bolder, And in concert jacked off with his fist.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a poor parson from Goring, Who made a small hole in his flooring, Fur-lined it all round, Then laid on the ground, And declared it was cheaper than whoring.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a strong man of Drumrig Who one day did seven times frig. He buggered three sailors, Four dogs and two tailors, And ended by fucking a pig.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a teenager named Donna Who never said, "No, I don't wanna." Two days out of three She would shoot LSD, And on weekends she smoked marijuana.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young belle of old Natchez Whose garments were always in patchez. When comment arose On the state of her clothes She, drawled, "When ah itchez, ah scratchez."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young blade from South Greece Whose bush did so greatly increase That before he could shack He must hunt needle in stack. 'Twas as bad as being obese.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young bride of Antigua Whose husband said, "Dear me, how big you are!" Said the girl, "What damn'd rot! Why, you've only felt my twot, My legs and my arse and my figua!"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young bride, a Canuck, Told her husband, "Let's do more than suck. You say that I, maybe, Can have my first baby-- Let's give up this Frenchin' and fuck!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young chap in Arabia Who courted a widow named Fabia. "Yes, my tongue is as long As the average man's dong," He said, licking the lips of her labia.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young cook with the art Of making a delicious tart With a handful of shit, Some snot and some spit, And he'd flavor the whole with a fart.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young curate whose brain Was deranged from the use of cocaine; He lured a small child To a copse dark and wild, Where he beat it to death with his cane.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young damsel named Baker Who was poked in a pew by a Quaker. He yelled, "My God! what Do you call this -- a twat? Why, the entrance is more than an acre!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young dolly named Molly Who thought that to frig was a folly. Said she, "Your pee-pee Means nothing to me, But I'll do it just to be jolly."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow called Clyde Who fell in an outhouse and died. He had a twin brother Who fell in another So now they're interred side by side.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow from Cal., In bed with a passionate gal. He leapt from the bed, To the toilet he sped; Said the gal, "What about me, old pal?"
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young fellow from Florida Who liked a friend's wife, so he borrowed her. When they got into bed He cried, "God strike me dead! This ain't a cunt -- it's a corridor!"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow from Kent Whose cock was so long that it bent To save himself trouble He put it in double And instead of coming, he went.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow from Leeds Who swallowed a package of seeds. Great tufts of grass Sprouted out of his ass And his balls were all covered with weeds.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow from Parma Who was solemnly screwing his charmer. Said the damsel demure, "You'll excuse me, I'm sure, But I must say you fuck like a farmer."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow name Tucker Who, instructing a novice cock-sucker, Said, "Don't bow out your lips Like an elephant's hips, The boys like it best when they pucker."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young fellow named Ades Whose favorite fruit was young maids. But sheep, nigger boys, whores, And the knot holes in doors Were by no means exempt from his raids.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow named Babbitt Who could screw nine times like a rabbit, But a girl from Johore Could do it twice more, Which was just enough extra to crab it.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow named Bill, Who took an atomic pill, His navel corroded, His asshole exploded, And they found his nuts in Brazil.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow named Blaine, And he screwed some disgusting old jane. She was ugly and smelly With an awful pot-belly, But... well, they were caught in the rain.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young fellow named Bliss Whose sex life was strangely amiss, For even with Venus His recalcitrant penis Would never do better than t h i s .
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow named Bowen Whose pecker kept growin' and growin'. It grew so tremendous, So long and so pendulous, 'Twas no good for fuckin' -- just showin'.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow named Brewer Whose girl made her home in a sewer. Thus he, the poor soul, Could get into her hole, And still not be able to screw her!
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young fellow named Case Who entered a cunt-lapping race. He licked his way clean Through Number thirteen, But then slipped and got pissed in the face.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow named Charteris Put his hand where his young lady's garter is. Said she, "I don't mind, And higher up you'll find The place where my fucker and farter is."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow named Cribbs Whose cock was so big it had ribs. They were inches apart, And to suck it took art, While to fuck it took forty-two trips.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow named Dick Who had a magnificent prick. It was shaped like a prism And shot so much gism It made every cocksucker sick.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow named Feeney Whose girl was a terrible meany. The hatch of her snatch Had a catch that would latch -- She could only be screwed by Houdini.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young fellow named Fletcher, Was reputed an infamous lecher. When he'd take on a whore She'd need a rebore, And they'd carry him out on a stretcher.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow named Gene Who first picked his asshole quite clean. He next picked his toes, And lastly his nose, And he never did wash in between.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow named Gluck Who found himself shit out of luck. Though he petted and wooed, When he tried to get screwed He found virgins just don't give a fuck.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow named Goody Who claimed that he wouldn't, but would he? If he found himself nude With a gal in the mood The question's not woody but could he?
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow named Grant Who was made like the sensitive plant. When they asked "Do you fuck?" He replied, "No such luck. I would if I could, but I can't."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow named Grimes Who fucked his girl seventeen times In the course of a week -- And this isn't to speak Of assorted venereal crimes.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow named Harry, Had a joint that was long, huge and scary. He grabbed him a virgin, Who, without any urgin', Immediately spread like a fairy.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow named Hatch Who was fond of the music of Bach. He said: "It's not fussy Like Brahms and Debussy; Sit down, and I'll play you a snatch."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow named Kimble Whose prick was exceedingly nimble, But fragile and slender, And dainty and tender, So he kept it encased in a thimble.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow named Meek Who invented a lingual technique. It drove women frantic, And made them romantic, And wore all the hair off his cheek.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow named Morgan Who possessed an unusual organ: The end of his dong, Which was nine inches long, Was tipped with the head of a gorgon.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow named Paul Who confessed, "I have only one ball. But the size of my prick Is God's dirtiest trick, For my girls always ask, 'Is that all?'"
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young fellow named Pell Who didn't like cunt very well. He would finger or fuck one, But never would suck one-- He just couldn't get used to the smell.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow named Price Who dabbled in all sorts of vice. He had virgins and boys And mechanical toys, And on Mondays... he meddled with mice!
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow named Prynne Whose prick was so short and so thin, His wife found she needed A Fuckoscope -- she did -- To see if he'd gotten it in.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow named Sweeney, Whose girl was a terrible meanie, The hatch of her snatch, Had a catch that would latch, She could only be screwed by Houdini.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow of Burma Whose betrothed had good reason to murmur. But now that he's married he's Been using cantharides And the root of their love is much firmer.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow of Harrow Whose john was the size of a marrow. He said to his tart, "How's this for a start? My balls are outside in a barrow."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow of Kent Whose prick was so long that it bent, So to save himself trouble He put it in double, And instead of coming he went.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow of Mayence Who fucked his own arse in defiance Not only of custom And morals, dad-bust him, But of most of the known laws of science.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow of Perth Whose balls were the finest on earth. They grew to such size That one won a prize, And goodness knows what they were worth.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young fellow of Strensall Whose prick was as sharp as a pencil. On the night of his wedding It went through the bedding, And shattered the chamber utensil.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow of Warwick Who had reason for feeling euphoric, For he could by election Have triune erection: Ionic, Corinthian, and Doric.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young fellow whose dong Was prodigiously massive and long. On each side of his whang Two testes did hang That attracted a curious throng.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young gaucho named Bruno Who said, "Screwing is one thing I do know. A woman is fine, And a sheep is divine, But a llama is Numero Uno."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young German named Ringer Who was screwing an opera singer. Said he with a grin, "Well, I've sure got it in!" Said she, "You mean that ain't your finger?"
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young girl from Annista Who dated a lecherous mister. He fondled her titty, Got one finger shitty, Then screwed up his courage and kissed 'er.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl from Decatur Who was raped by an alligator. But no one quite knew How she relished that screw, For after he screwed her, he ate her.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl from Dundee, From her fanny there grew a plum tree. No one ate the nice fruit, To tell you the truth, Because they knew it came from her tooty-toot-toot.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl from East Lynn Whose mother ( to save her from sin ) Had filled up her crack With hard-setting shellac, But the boys picked it out with a pin.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young girl from Hong Kong Who said, "You are utterly wrong To say my vagina Is the largest in China Just because of your mean little dong."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl from Hong Kong Whose cervical cap was a gong. She said with a yell, As a shot rang her bell, "I'll give you a ding for a dong!"
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young girl from Medina Who could completely control her vagina. She could twist it around Like the cunts that are found In Japan, Manchukuo and China.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl from Peru, Who noticed her lovers were few; So she walked out her door With a fig leaf, no more, And now she's in bed - with the flu.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl from Samoa Who pledged that no man would know her. One young fellow tried, But she wriggled aside, And he spilled all his spermatozoa.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl from Seattle, Whose hobby was sucking off cattle. But a bull from the South Shot a wad in her mouth That made both her ovaries rattle.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl from Siam Who said to her boyfriend Priam, "To seduce me, of course, You'll have to use force, And thank goodness you're stronger than I am.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl from St. Cyr Whose reflex reactions were queer. Her escort said, "Mable, Get up off the table; That money's to pay for the beer."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl from St. Paul Who went to a newspaper ball. Her dress caught on fire And burnt her entire Front page and sport section and all.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young girl from the Bronix Who had a vagina of onyx. She had so much `tsoris' With her clitoris, She traded it in for a Packard.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl from the coast Who, just when she needed it most, Lost her Kotex and bled All over the bed, And the head and the beard of her host.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young girl in Berlin Who eked out a living through sin. She didn't mind fucking, But much preferred sucking, And she'd wipe off the pricks on her chin.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young girl in Berlin Who was fucked by an elderly Finn. Though he diddled his best, And fucked her with zest, She kept asking, "Hey, Pop, is it in?"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young girl in Dakota Had a letter from Ickes; he wrote her: "In addition to gas We are rationing ass, And you've greatly exceeded your quota."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl name McKnight Who got drunk with her boy-friend one night. She came to in bed, With a split maidenhead-- That's the last time she ever was tight.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl named Ann Heuser Who swore that no man could surprise her. But Pabst took a chance, Found a Schlitz in her pants, And now she is sadder Budweiser.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl named Heather Whose twitcher was made out of leather. She made a queer noise, Which attracted the boys, By flapping the edges together.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young girl named McCall Whose cunt was exceedingly small, But the size of her anus Was something quite heinous -- It could hold seven pricks and one ball.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl named O'Clare Whose body was covered with hair. It was really quite fun To probe with one's gun, For her quimmy might be anywhere.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl named O'Malley Who wanted to dance in the ballet. She got roars of applause When she kicked off her drawers, But her hair and her bush didn't tally.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl named Sapphire Who succumbed to her lover's desire. She said, "It's a sin, But now that it's in, Could you shove it a few inches higher?"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young girl of Aberystwyth Who screwed every man that she kissed with. She tickled the balls Of the men in the halls, And pulled on the prongs that they pissed with.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young girl of Aberystwyth Who took grain to the mill to get grist with. The miller's sun, Jack, Laid her flat on her back, And united the organs they pissed with.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young girl of Angina Who stretched catgut across her vagina. From the love-making frock (With the proper sized cock) Came Toccata and Fugue in D minor.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young girl of Asturias With a penchant for practices curious. She loved to bat rocks With her gentlemen's cocks -- A practice both rude and injurious.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl of Batonger who diddled herself with a conger, When asked how it feels To be pleasured by eels She said, "Just like a man, only longer.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young girl of Ca'lina, Had a very capricious vagina: To the shock of the fucker "Twould suddenly pucker, And whistle the chorus of "Dinah."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young girl of Cape Cod Who dreamt she'd been buggered by God. But it wasn't Jehovah That turned the girl over, 'Twas Roger the lodger, the dirty old codger, the bugger, the bastard, the sod!
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young girl of Cape Town Who usually fucked with a clown. He taught her the trick Of sucking his prick, And when it went up -- she went down.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young girl of Coxsaxie Whose skirt was more mini than maxi. She was fucked at the show In the twenty-third row, And once more going home in the taxi.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl of Darjeeling Who could dance with such exquisite feeling There was never a sound For miles around Save of fly-buttons hitting the ceiling.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young girl of Des Moines Whose cunt could be fitted with coins, Till a guy from Hoboken Went and dropped in a token, And now she rides free on the ferry.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl of East Lynne Whose mother, to save her from sin, Had filled up her crack, To the brim with shellac, But the boys picked it out with a pin.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl of Gibraltar Who was raped as she knelt at the altar. It really seems odd That a virtuous God Should answer her prayers and assault her.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young girl of LLewellyn Whose breasts were as big as a melon. They were big it is true, But her cunt was big too, Like a bifocal, full-color, aerial view Of Cape Horn and the Straits of Magellan.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl of Mobile, Who hymen was made of chilled steel, To give her a thrill, Took a rotary drill, Or a number nine emery wheel.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young girl of Moline Whose fucking was sweet and obscene. She would work on a prick With every known trick, And finish by winking it clean.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young girl of Newcastle Whose charms were declared universal. While one man in front Wired into her cunt, Another was engaged at her arsehole.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young girl of Pawtucket Whose box was as big as a bucket. Her boy-friend said, "Toots, I'll have to wear boots, For I see I must muck it, not fuck it."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young girl of Penzance Who boarded a bus in a trance. The passengers fucked her, Likewise the conductor, While the driver shot off in his pants.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young girl of Pitlochry Who was had by a man in a rockery. She said, "Oh! You've come All over my bum; This isn't a fuck -- it's a mockery."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl of Rangoon Who was blocked by the Man in the Moon. "Well, it has been great fun," She remarked when he'd done, "But I'm sorry you came quite so soon."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young girl of Spitzbergen, Whose people all thought her a virgin, Till they found her in bed With her twat very red, And the head of a kid just emergin'.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl who begat Three babies named Nat, Pat and Tat. T'was fun in the breeding But hell in the feeding When she found there's no tit for Tat.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young girl, very sweet, Who thought sailors' meat quite a treat. When she sat on their lap She unbuttoned their flap, And always had plenty to eat.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young harlot from Kew Who filled her vagina with glue. She said with a grin, "If they pay to get in, They'll pay to get out of it too."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young hayseed from Tiffan Whose cock would constantly stiffen. The knob out in front Attracted foul cunt Which he greatly delighted in sniffin'.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young idler named Blood, Made a fortune performing at stud, With a fifteen-inch peter, A double-beat metre, And a load like the Biblical Flood.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young Jew of Far Rockaway Whose screams could be heard for a block away. Perceiving his error, The Rabbi in terror Cried, "God! I have cut his whole cock away!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lad -- name of Durcan Who was always jerkin' his gherkin. His father said, "Durcan Stop jerkin' your gherkin Your gherkin's for ferkin', not jerkin'.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lad from Nahant Who was made like the Sensitve Plant. When asked, "Do you fuck?" He replied, "No such luck. I would if I could but I can't."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lad from Siam, Whose sexlife was caught in a jam. He loved them real small, 'Cause they're funner to ball, So he went out and bought him a lamb!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lad name of Ward Who strung himself up with a cord Said he, of his work (Ere the rope snapped with a jerk) "I am leaving because I am bored."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lad named McFee Who was stung in the balls by a bee He made oodles of money By oozing pure honey Every time he attempted to pee.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady at sea Who said, "God, how it hurts me to pee." "I see," said the mate, "That accounts for the state Of the captain, the purser, and me."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady called Ciss Who went to the river to piss. A young man in a punt Put his hand on her cunt; No wonder she thought it was bliss.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Bangor Who slept while the ship lay at anchor She woke in dismay When she heard the mate say: "Let's lift up the topsheet and spanker!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Bright, Whose speed was much faster than light. She went out one day In a relative way And returned on the previous night.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady from Bristol Who went to the Palace called Crystal. Said she, "It's all glass, And as round as my ass," And she farted as loud as a pistol.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady from Brussels Who was proud of her vaginal muscles. She could easily plex them And so interflex them As to whistle love songs through her bustles.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Drew Who ended her verse at line two.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Dumfries Who said to her boyfriend, "It's some freeze! My navel's all bare, So stick it in there, Before both my legs and my bum freeze."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Exeter, So pretty that men craned their necks at her. One was even so brave As to take out and wave The distinguishing mark of his sex at her.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Hyde Who ate a green apple and died. While her lover lamented The apple fermented And made cider inside her inside.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Maine Who claimed she had men on her brain. But you knew from the view, As her abdomen grew, It was not on her brain that he'd lain.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Munich Who had an affair with a eunuch. At the height of their passion He dealt her a ration From a squirt gun concealed in his tunic.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Norway Who hung by her heels in a doorway. She told her young man, "Get off the divan, I think I've discovered one more way "
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Prentice Who had an affair with a dentist. To make things easier He used anesthesia, And diddled her, `non compos mentis'.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady from Rheims Who amazingly pissed in four streams. A friend poked around And a fly-button found Lodged tight in her hole so it seems.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Rio Who slept with the Fornier trio. As she dropped her panties She said, "No andanties I want this allegro con brio."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Siam Who said to her lover, one Kiam, "You may kiss me of course, But you'll have to use force. Though god knows you're stronger than I am."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Spain Who demurely undressed on a train. A helpful young porter Helped more than he orter, And she promptly cried "Help me again"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Spain Who got sick as she rode on a train; Not once, but again, And again, and again, And again, and again, and again.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady from Spain Whose face was exceedingly plain, But her cunt had a pucker That made the men fuck her, Again, and again, and again.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Troy Had a moustache, just like a young boy Though it tickled to kiss 'Twas a source of much bliss When she used it to brush a man's toy.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady from Wheeling Who claimed to lack sexual feeling. But a cynic named Boris Just touched her clitoris And she had to be scraped off the ceiling.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady from Wheeling Who had a peculiar feeling. She laid on her back And tickled her crack And pissed all over the ceiling.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady from Wooster Who complained that too many men gooster. So she traded her scanties For sandpaper panties, Now they goose her much less than they used 'ter.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady in Reno, Who lost all her dough playing Keno. But she lay on her back, And opened her crack, So now she owns the Casino!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Alice Who was known to have peed in a chalice. 'Twas the common belief It was done for relief, And not out of protestant malice.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Astor Who never let any get past her. She finally got plenty By stopping twenty, Which certainly ought to last her.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Banker, Who slept while the ship lay at anchor, She woke in dismay, When she heard the mate say, "Now hoist up the topsheet and spanker."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady named Blount Who had a rectangular cunt. She learned for diversion Posterior perversion, Since no one could fit here in front.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady named Bower Who dwelt in an Ivory Tower. But a poet from Perth Laid her flat on the earth, And proceeded with penis to plough her.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady named Brent With a cunt of enormous extent, And so deep and so wide, The acoustics inside Were so good you could hear when you spent.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Bright Who could travel much faster than light. She took off one day, In a relative way, And returned on the previous night.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Brook Who never could learn how to cook. But on a divan She could please any man- She knew every darn trick in the book!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Cager Who, as the result of a wager, Consented to fart The entire oboe part Of Mozart's quartet in F major.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Ciss Who said, "I think skating's a bliss " But she'll never restate, For a wheel off her skate .siht ekil gnihtemos pu hsinif reh edaM
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Clair Who possessed a magnificent pair; At least so I thought Till I saw one get caught On a thorn, and begin losing air.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady named Dot Whose cunt was so terribly hot That ten bishops of Rome And the Pope's private gnome Failed to quench her Vesuvial twat.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Duff With a lovely, luxuriant muff. In his haste to get in her One eager beginner Lost both of his balls in the rough.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Etta Who was constantly seen in a swetta. Three reasons she had: To keep warm wasn't bad, But the other two reasons were betta.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Fleager Who was terribly, terribly eager To be all the rage On the tragedy stage, Though her talents were pitifully meagre.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Flo Whose lover had pulled out too slow. So they tried it all night, Till he got it just right... Well, practice makes pregnant, you know.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Flynn Who thought fornication a sin, But when she was tight It seemed quite all right, So everyone filled her with gin.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady named Gilda Who went on a date with a builder. He said that he would, And he could and he should, And he did and it damn well near killed her.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Gloria Who was had by Sir Gerald Du Maurier, And then by six men, Sir Gerald again, And the band at the Waldorf-Astoria.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Gloria, Whose boyfriend said, "May I explore ya?" She replied to the chap, "I'll draw you a map, Of where others have been to before ya."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady named Grace Who would not take a prick in her "place." Though she'd kiss it and suck it, She never would fuck it-- She just couldn't relax face-to-face.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Hall, Wore a newspaper dress to a ball. The dress caught on fire And burned her entire Front page, sporting section, and all.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady named Hatch Who would always come through in a scratch. If a guy wouldn't neck her, She'd grab up his pecker And shove the damn thing up her snatch.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Mabel Who liked to sprawl out on the table, Then cry to her man, "Stuff in all you can -- Get your ballocks in, too, if you're able."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Mandel Who caused quite a neighborhood scandal By coming out bare On the main village square And frigging herself with a candle.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Maud, A terrible society fraud: In company, I'm told, She was distant and cold, But if you got her alone, Oh God!
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady named May Who strolled in a park by the way, And she met a youg man Who fucked her and ran -- Now she goes to the park every day.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady named Nance Who learned about fucking in France, And when you'd insert it She'd squeeze till she hurt it, And shoved it right back in your pants.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady named Nelly Whose tits would jiggle like jelly. They could tickle her twat Or be tied in a knot, And could even swat flies on her belly.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Ransom Who was rogered three times in a hansom When she cried out for more Said a voice from the floor, "My name, ma'am, is Simpson, not Samson
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Riddle Who had an untouchable middle. She had many friends Because of her ends, Since it isn't the middle you diddle.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Rose Who fainted whenever she chose; She did so one day While playing croquet, But was quickly revived with a hose.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady named Rose With erogenous zones in her toes. She remained onanistic Till a foot-fetishistic Young man became one of her beaux.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady named Schneider Who often kept trysts with a spider. She found a strange bliss, In the hiss of her piss, As it strained through the cobwebs inside her.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Smith Whose virtue was largely a myth. She said, "Try as I can I can't find a man Who it's fun to be virtuous with."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady named Twiss Who said she thought fucking a bliss, For it tickled her bum And caused her to come .siht ekil gniyl ylbatrofmoc elihW
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady named Wylde Who kept herself quite undefiled By thinking of Jesus; Contagious diseases; And the bother of having a child.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady of Arden, The tool of whose swain wouldn't harden. Said she with a frown, "I've been sadly let down By the tool of a fool in a garden."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady of Bicester Who was nicer by far than her sister: The sister would giggle And wiggle and jiggle, But this one would come if you kissed her.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady of Brabant Who slept with an impotent savant. She admitted, "We shouldn't, But it turned out he couldn't- So you can't say we have when we haven't."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady of Bude Who walked down the street in the nude. A bobby said, "Whattum Magnificent bottom!" And slapped it as hard as he could.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady of Carmia Whose housekeeping ways would alarm ya. At every cold snap She would climb in your lab, So her little base burner could warm ya.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady of Dee Who went down to the river to pee. A man in a punt Put his hand on her cunt, And God! how I wish it were me.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady of Dee Whose hymen was split into three. And when she was diddled The middle string fiddled : "Nearer My God To Thee."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady of Dexter Whose husband exceedingly vexed her, For whenever they'd start He'd unfailingly fart With a blast that damn nearly unsexed her.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady of Dover Whose passion was such that it drove her To cry, when you came, "Oh dear! What a shame! Well, now we shall have to start over."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady of Ealing And her lover before her was kneeling. Said she, "Dearest Jim, Take your hands off my quim; I much prefer fucking to feeling."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady of fashion Who had oodles and oodles of passion. To her lover she said, As they climbed into bed, "Here's one thing the bastards can't ration!"
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady of Fez Who was known to the public as "Jez." Jezebel was her name, Sucking cocks was the game She excelled at (so everyone says).
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady of Gaza Who shaved her cunt bare with a razor. The crabs, in a lump, Made tracks to her rump -- This passing parade did amaze her.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady of Gloucester Whose friends they thought they had lost her Till they found on the grass The marks of her arse, And the knees of the man who had crossed her.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady of Gloucester, Met a passionate fellow who tossed her. She wasn't much hurt, But he dirtied her skirt, So think of the anguish it cost her.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady of Kent, Who admitted she knew what it meant When men asked her to dine, And plied her with wine, She knew, oh she knew -- but she went!
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady of Lee Who scrambled up into a tree, When she got there Her arsehole was bare, And so was her C U N T.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady of Lincoln Who said that her cunt was a pink'un, So she had a prick lent her Which turned it magenta, This artful old lady of Lincoln.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady of Norway Who hung by her toes in a doorway. She said to her beau "Just look at me, Joe! I think I've discovered one more way!"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady of Rhyll In an omnibus was taken ill, So she called the conductor, Who got in and fucked her, Which did more good than a pill.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady of Spain Who was fucked by a monk in a drain. They did it again And again and again, And again and again and again.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lady of Twickenham Who thought men had not enough prick in 'em. On her knees every day To God she would pray To lengthen and strengthen and thicken 'em.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady of Wheeling Said to her beau, "I've a feeling My little brown jug Has need of a plug" -- And straightaway she started to peeling.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady who said, As her bridegroom got into the bed, "I'm tired of this stunt, That they do with one's cunt, You can get up my bottom instead."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young lady whose cunt Could accommodate a small punt. Her mother said, "Annie, It matches your fanny, Which never was that of a runt."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young lady whose thighs, When spread showed a slit of such size, And so deep and so wide, You could play cards inside, Much to her bridegroom's surprise.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young lass from Surat. The cheeks of her ass were so fat That they had to be parted Whenever she farted, And also whenever she shat.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young laundress named Wrangle Whose tits tilted up at an angle. "They may tickle my chin," She said with a grin, "But at least they keep out of the mangle."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young maiden from Osset Whose quim was nine inches across it. Said a young man named Tong, With tool nine inches long, "I'll put bugger-in if I loss it."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man from Bear Ridge Who had strange ideas about marriage. He fucked his wife's mother And sucked off her brother And ate up her sister's miscarriage.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man from Bel-Aire Who was screwing his girl on the stair. But the banister broke So he doubled his stroke And finished her off in mid-air.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man from Bengal Who claimed he had only one ball, But two little bitches Pulled down this man's breeches And proved he had nothing at all.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man from Biloxi Whose bowels responded to Moxie. Drinking glass after glass, He would tune up his ass, Till he played like the band at the Roxy.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young man from Bombay Who fashioned a cunt out of clay But the heat of his prick Turned it into a brick And rubbed all his foreskin away.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man from Boston Who rode around in an Austin. There was room for his ass And a gallon of gas, But his balls hung out and he lost 'em.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man from Calcutta Who was heard in his beard to mutter, "If her Bartholin glands Don't respond to my hands, I'm afraid I shall have to use butter."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man from Dallas Who had an exceptional phallus. He couldn't find room In any girl's womb Without rubbing it first with Vitalis.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man from Dundee Who buggered an ape in a tree. The results were quite horrid: All ass and no forehead, Three balls and a purple goatee.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man from East Lizes Whose balls were of two different sizes One was so small It was no ball at all The other was large and won prizes.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man from Glengozzle Who found a remarkable fossil. He knew by the bend And the wart on the end, 'Twas the peter of Paul the Apostle.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man from Jodhpur Who found he could easily cure His dread diabetes By eating a foetus Served up in a sauce of manure.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man from Kent Whose tool was so long that it bent. To save himself trouble He put it in double And instead of coming, he went.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man from LeDoux, Whose limericks stopped at line two. There was a young man from Verdunne. [Actually, there are three limericks in this series, the third one is about some guy named Nero. If anyone has a copy of it, please mail it to "fortune". Ed.]
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man from Lynn Whose cock was the size of a pin. Said his girl with a laugh As she felt his staff, "This won't be much of a sin."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man from Maine Whose prick was as strong as a crane; It was almost as long, So he strolled with his dong Extended in sunshine and rain.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man from Nantucket Whose cock was so long he could suck it. But he looked in the glass, And saw his own ass, And broke his neck trying to fuck it.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young man from Nantucket Whose cock was so long he could suck it. He said with a grin, While wiping his chin, "If my ear was a cunt, I could fuck it."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man from New Haven Who had an affair with a raven. He said with a grin As he wiped off his chin, "Nevermore!"
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young man from Peru, Who took a long trip by canoe. While staring at Venus, And rubbing his penis, He wound up with a handful of goo.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man from Purdue Who was only just learning to screw, But he hadn't the knack, And he got too far back -- In the right church, but in the wrong pew.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man from Racine Who invented a fucking machine. Concave or convex, It served either sex, But oh what a bitch to keep clean.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man from Rangoon Who used to lament 'neath the moon That he had the luck To be born of a fuck That was scraped off the sheets with a spoon.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young man from Salinas Who had an extremely long penis: Believe it or not, When he lay on his cot It reached from Marin to Martinez.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young man from Seattle Whose testicles tended to rattle. He said as he fuck-ed Some stones in a bucket, "If Stravinsky won't deafen you -- that'll."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man from Siam Who said, "I go in with a wham, But I soon lose my starch Like the mad month of March, And the lion comes out like a lamb."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man from St. Paul's Who read "Harper's Bazaar" and "McCall's" Till he grew such a passion For feminine fashion That he knitted a snood for his balls.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man from Stamboul Who boasted so torrid a tool That each female crater Explored by this satyr Seemed almost unpleasantly cool.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man from Tibet-- And this is the strangest one yet-- Whose tool was so long, So pointed and strong, He could bugger six Greeks "en brochette".
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man in Havana, Banged his girl on a player-piana. At the height of their fever Her ass hit the lever And: yes, he has no banana.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man in Norway, Tried to jerk himself off in a sleigh, But the air was so frigid It froze his cock rigid, And all he could come was frappe.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young man in the choir Whose penis rose higher and higher, Till it reached such a height It was quite out of sight -- But of course you know I'm a liar.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man named Crockett Whose balls got caught in a socket. His wife was a bitch, Yeah, she threw the switch, And Crockett went off like a rocket.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man named Hughes Who swore off all kinds of booze. He said, "When I'm muddled My senses get fuddled, And I pass up too many screws."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man named Knute Who had warts all over his root. He put acid on these And now when he pees, He fingers the thing like a flute.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man named Laplace Whose balls were made out of spun glass. When they banged together They played "Stormy Weather" And lightning shot out of his ass.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man named McNamiter With a tool of prodigious diameter. But it wasn't the size Gave the girls a surprise, But his rhythm -- iambic pentameter.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man named Rex Who really was small for his sex. When tried for exposure The judge's disclosure Was "de minimus non curat lex."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man named Zerubbabel Who had only one real, and one rubber ball. When they asked if his pleasure Was only half measure, He replied, "That is highly improbable."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man named Zerubbabub Who belonged to the Block, Fuck & Bugger Club But the pride of his life Were the tits of his wife -- One real, and one India-rubber bub.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man of Arras Who stretched himself out on the grass, And with no little trouble, He bent himself double, And stuck his prick well up his ass.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man of Australia Who went on a wild bacchanalia. He buggered a frog, Two mice and a dog, And a bishop in fullest regalia.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man of Belgrade Who remarked, "I'm a queer piece of trade. I will suck, without charge, Any cock, if it's large. If it's small, I expect to be paid."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man of Belgrade Who slept with a girl in the trade. She said to him, "Jack, Try the hole in the back; The front one is badly decayed."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man of Bengal Who swore he had only one ball, But two little bitches Unbuttoned his britches, And found he had no balls at all.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man of Bombay Who buggered his dad once a day. He said, "I like, rather, Fucking my father -- He's clean, and there's nothing to pay."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young man of Calcutta, Who tried to write "cunt" on a shutter. When he got to c-u, A pious Hindoo Knocked him ass-over-head in the gutter.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man of Cape Horn Who wished he had never been born, And he wouldn't have been If his father had seen That the end of the rubber was torn.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man of Coblenz Whose ballocks were simply immense: It took forty-four draymen, A priest and three laymen To carry them thither and thence.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man of Darjeeling Whose cock reached up to the ceiling. In the electric light socket, He'd put it and rock it-- Oh God! What a wonderful feeling!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man of Devizes, Whose balls were of different sizes. One was so small, It was nothing at all; The other took numerous prizes.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man of Dumfries Who said to his girl, "If you please, It would give me great bliss If, while playing with this, You would pay some attention to these!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man of Greenwich Whose balls were all covered with spinach. So long was his tool That it wound round a spool, And he let it out inach by inach.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man of high station Who was found by a pious relation Making love in a ditch To -- I won't say a bitch -- But a woman of no reputation.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man of Khartoum Who lured a poor girl to her doom. He not only fucked her, But buggered and sucked her-- And left her to pay for the room.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man of Khartoum, The strength of whose balls was his doom. So strong was his shootin', The third law of Newton Propelled the poor chap to the Moon.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man of Kildare Who was fucking a girl on the stair. The bannister broke, But he doubled his stroke And finished her off in mid-air.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man of Kutki Who could blink himself off with one eye. For a while though, he pined, When his organ declined To function, because of a stye.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young man of Lahore Whose prick was one inch and no more. It was all right for key-holes And little girl's pee-holes, But not worth a damn with a whore.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man of Lake Placid Whose prick was lethargic and flaccid. When he wanted to sport He would have to resort To injections of sulphuric acid.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man of Madras Whose balls were constructed of brass. When jangled together They played "Stormy Weather", And lightning shot out of his ass.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man of Missouri Who fucked with a terrible fury. Till hauled into court For his bestial sport, And condemned by a poorly-hung jury.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man of Natal And Sue was the name of his gal. One day, north of Aden, He got his hard rod in, And came clear up Suez Canal.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man of Natal Who was fucking a Hottentot gal. Said she, "You're a sluggard!" Said he, "You be buggered! I like to fuck slow and I shall."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man of Ostend Who let a girl play with his end. She took hold of Rover, And felt it all over, And it did what she didn't intend.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man of Ostend Whose wife caught him fucking her friend. "It's no use, my duck, Interrupting our fuck, For I'm damned if I draw till I spend."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young man of Saskatchewan, Whose penis was truly gargantuan. It was good for large whores, And for small dinosaurs, And was rough enough to scratch a match upon.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man of Seattle Who bested a bull in a battle. With fire and gumption He assumed the bull's function, And deflowered a whole herd of cattle.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man of St. John's Who wanted to bugger the swans. But the loyal hall porter Said, "Pray take my daughter! Those birds are reserved for the dons."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young man of Tibet -- And this is the strangest one yet -- His prick was so long, And so pointed and strong, He could bugger six sheep en brochette.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young man of Toulouse Who had a deficient prepuce, But the foreskin he lacked He made up in his sac; The result was, his balls were too loose.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man who appeared To his friends with a full growth of beard; They at once said, "Although We can't say why it's so, The effect is uncommonly weird."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man with a fiddle Who asked of his girl, "Do you diddle?" She replied, "Yes, I do, But prefer to with two -- It's twice as much fun in the middle."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man with one foot Who had a very long root. If he used this peg As an extra leg Is a question exceedingly moot.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man, name of Fred, Who spent every Thursday in bed; He lay with his feet Outside of the sheet, And the pillows on top of his head.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young man, name of Saul, Who was able to bounce either ball, He could stretch them and snap them, And juggle and clap them, Which earned him the plaudits of all.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young miss from Johore Who'd lie on a mat on the floor; In a manner uncanny She'd wobble her fanny, And drain your nuts dry to the core.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young monk from Siberia Whose life got drearia' and drearia' Till he did to a nun What shouldn't be done And made her a mother superia'.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young monk of Dundee Who complained that it hurt him to pee, He said, "Pax vobiscum, Now why won't the piss come? I'm afraid I've the c-l-a-p."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young parson of Harwich, Tried to grind his betrothed in a carriage. She said, "No, you young goose, Just try self-abuse. And the other we'll try after marriage."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young peasant named Gorse Who fell madly in love with his horse. Said his wife, "You rapscallion, That horse is a stallion -- This constitutes grounds for divorce."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young person of Kent Who was famous wherever he went. All the way through a fuck, He would quack like a duck, And he crowed like a cock when he spent.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young plumber named Lee Who was plumbing his girl by the sea. She said, "Stop your plumbing, There's somebody coming" Said the plumber, still plumbing, "It's me."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young poet named Dan, Whose poetry never would scan. When told this was so, He said, "Yes, I know, It's because I try to put every possible syllable into that Last line that I can."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young royal marine, Who tried to fart "God Save the Queen". When he reached the soprano Out came only guano And his britches weren't fit to be seen.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young sailor from Brighton, Who remarked to his girl, "You're a tight one." She replied, "'Pon my soul, You're in the wrong hole; There's plenty of room in the right one."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young sapphic named Anna Who stuffed her friend's cunt with banana, Which she sucked, bit by bit, From her partner's warm slit, In the most approved lesbian manner.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young Scot in Madrid Who got fifty-five fucks for a quid. When they said, "Are you faint?" He replied, "No, I ain't, But I don't feel as good as I did."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young soldier from Munich Whose penis hung down past his tunic, And their chops girls would lick When they thought of his prick, But alas! he was only a eunuch.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young sportsman named Peel Who went for a trip on his wheel; He pedalled for days Through crepuscular haze, And returned feeling somewhat unreal.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young squaw of Wohunt Who possessed a collapsible cunt. It had many odd uses, Produced no papooses, And fitted both giant and runt.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young student from Yale Who was getting his first piece of tail. He shoved in his pole, But in the wrong hole, And a voice from beneath yelled: "No sale!"
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young tenor named Springer, Got his testicles caught in a wringer. He hollered in pain, As they rolled down the drain, "There goes my career as a singer!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young trollop at Yale, Who had verses tattooed on her tail, And on her behind, For the sake of the blind, A duplicate version in Braille.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young whore from Kaloo Who filled her vagina with glue. She said with a grin, "If they pay to get in, They can pay to get out again too!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young woman called Pearl Who quite resembled a churl; When she asked a young man named Tex Whether he would like to have sex, "Certainly," quoth he, "Who's the girl?"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young woman from Bude, Who went for a swim in the nude, But a man in a punt, Grabbed at her elbow, And said "Hey, lady, you can't swim here, it's private property."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young woman in Dee Who stayed with each man she did see. When it came to a test She wished to be best, And practice makes perfect, you see.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young woman named Alice Who peed in a Catholic chalice. She said, "I do this From a great need to piss, And not from sectarian malice."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young woman named Ells Who was subject to curious spells When got up very oddly, She'd cry out things ungodly by the palms in expensive hotels.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young woman named Florence Who for fucking professed an abhorrence, But they found her in bed With her cunt flaming red, And her poodle-dog spending in torrents.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young woman named Plunnery Who rejoiced in the practice of gunnery. Till one day unobservant, She blew up a servant, And was forced to retire to a nunnery.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young woman named Sutton Who said, as she carved up the mutton, "My father preferred The last sheep in the herd -- This is one of his children I'm cuttin'."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was a young woman of Cheadle, Who once gave the clap to a beadle. Said she, "Does it itch?" "It does, you damned bitch, And it burns like hell-fire when I peedle."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was a young woman of Condover Whose husband had ceased to be fond of 'er. Her pussy was juicy, Her arse soft and goosey, But peroxide had now made a blonde of 'er.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young woman whose stammer Was atrocious, and so was her grammar; But they were not improved When her husband was moved To knock out her teeth with a hammer.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was a young woman, quite handsome, Who got stuck in a sleeping room transom. When she offered much gold For release, she was told That the view was worth more than the ransom.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old abbess quite shocked To find nuns where the candles were locked. Said the abbess, "You nuns Should behave more like guns, And never go off till you're cocked."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was an old bishop from Buckingham Who fell in love with some oysters while shuckingham. His wife with distain Could scarcely restrain That sprightly old bishop from fuckingham.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was an old count of Swoboda Who would not pay a whore what he owed her. So, with great savoir-faire, She stood on a chair And pissed in his whiskey-and-soda.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was an old curate of Hestion Who'd erect at the slightest suggestion. But so small was his tool He could scarce screw a spool, And a cunt was quite out of the question.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old fellow named Art Who awoke with a horrible start, For down by his rump Was a generous lump Of what should have been just a fart.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was an old fellow named Skinner Whose prick, his wife said, had grown thinner. But still, by and large, It would always discharge Once he could just get it in her.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was an old feminine blighter Who trained a Chow dog to delight her. She would cream her own pool While she sucked off his tool -- How his cock in her cunt would excite her!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old gent from Kentuck Who boasted a filigreed schmuck, But he put it away For fear that one day He might put it in and get stuck.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old girl of Kilkenny Whose usual charge was a penny. For half of that sum You could finger her bum-- A source of amusement to many.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old harlot from Dijon Who in her old age got religion. "When I'm dead & gone," Said she, "I'll take on The Father, the Son, and the Pigeon."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was an old hermit named Dave Who kept a dead whore in his cave. He said "I'll admit I'm a bit of a shit, But look at the money I save."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was an old lady of Bingly Who wailed, "I do hate to sleep singly. I thought I had got A bloke for my twat, But he seems rather queenly than kingly."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old lady of Glascow, Whose party proved quite a fiasco. At nine-thirty, about, The lights all went out, Through a lapse on the part of the Gas Co.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was an old lady of Kewry Whose cunt was a `lusus naturae': The `introitus vaginae', Was unnaturally tiny, And the thought of it filled her with fury.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old lady who lay With her legs wide apart in the hay, Then, calling the ploughman, She said, "Do it now, man! Don't wait till your hair has turned gray."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old maid from Cape Cod Who thought all good things came from god. But it wasn't the almighty Who lifted her nighty, It was Roger, the lodger, by god.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was an old man from Bengal Who liked to do tricks in the hall. His favorite trick Was to stand on his dick While he rolled around on one ball.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was an old man from Duluth Whose cock was shot off in his youth. He fucked with his nose Or his fingers and toes And he came thru a hole in his tooth.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old man from Fort Drum Whose son was incredibly dumb. When he urged him ahead, He went down instead, For he thought to succeed meant succumb.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was an old man of Alsace Who played the trombone with his ass. He put in a trap To take out the crap, But the vapors corroded the brass.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was an old man of Brienz The length of whose cock was immense: With one swerve he could plug A boy's bottom in Zug, And a kitchen-maid's cunt in Coblenz.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old man of Cajon Who never could get a good bone. With the aid of a gland It grew simply grand; Now his wife cannot leave it alone.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old man of Calcutta Who spied through a chink in the shutter. But all he could see Was his wife's bare knee, And the back of the bloke who was up her.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was an old man of Connaught Whose prick was remarkably short. When he got into bed, The old woman said, "This isn't a prick, it's a wart."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was an old man of Duddee Who came home as drunk as could be. He wound up the clock With the end of his cock, And buggered his wife with the key.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was an old man of Duluth Whose cock was shot off in his youth. He fucked with his nose And with fingers and toes, And he came through a hole in his tooth.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old man of Hong Kong Who never did anything wrong. He would lie on his back With his head in a sack And secretly finger his dong.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old man of St. Bees, Who was stung in the arm by a wasp. When asked, "Does it hurt?" He relied, "No, it doesn't. I'm so glad that it wasn't a hornet."
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was an old man of Tagore Whose tool was a yard long or more, So he wore the damn thing In a surgical sling To keep it from wiping the floor.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an Old Man of the Mountain Who frigged himself into a fountain Fifteen times had he spent, Still he wasn't content, He simply got tired of the counting.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was an old man of the port Whose prick was remarkably short. When he got into bed, The old woman said, "This isn't a prick; it's a wart!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old man who said, "Tush! My balls always hang in the brush, And I fumble about, Half in and half out, With a pecker as limber as mush."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old man with a beard Who said, "It is just what I feared! Two owls and a hen, Four larks and a wren Have all built their nests in my beard!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old person of Ware Who had an affair with a bear. He explained, "I don't mind, For it's gentle and kind, But I wish it had slightly less hair."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was an old pirate named Bates Who was learning to rhumba on skates. He fell on his cutlass Which rendered him nutless And practically useless on dates.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There was an old satyr named Mack Whose prick had a left handed tack. If the ladies he loves Don't spin when he shoves, Their cervixes frequently crack.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was an old Scot named McTavish Who attempted an anthropoid ravish. The object of rape Was the wrong sex of ape, And the anthropoid ravished McTavish.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was an old whore from Silesia Who'd croke: "If my box doesn't please ya, For a slight extra sum You can go up my bum But watchout or my tapeworm'll seize ya."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was an old whore in the Azores Whose body was covered with festers & sores. Why the dogs in the street Wouldn't eat the green meat That hung in festoons from her drawers.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There was an old woman of Ghent Who swore that her cunt had no scent. She got fucked so often At last she got rotten, And didn't she stink when she spent.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was once a mechanic named Bench Whose best tool was a sturdy gut-wrench. With this vibrant device He could reach, in a trice, The innermost parts of a wench.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There was once a sad Maitre d'hotel Who said, "They can all go to hell! What they do to my wife-- Why it ruins my life; And the worst is, they all do it well.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There were three ladies of Huxham, And whenever we meets 'em we fuxham, And when that game grows stale We sits on a rail, And pulls out our pricks and they suxham.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There's a charming young girl in Tobruk Who refers to her quiff as a nook. It's deep and it's wide, -- You can curl up inside With a nice easy chair and a book.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There's a charming young lady named Beaulieu Who's often been screwed by yours truly, But now--it's appallin'-- My balls always fall in! I fear that I've fucked her unduly.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There's a dowager near Sweden Landing Whose manners are odd and demanding. It's one of her jests To suck off her guests -- She hates to keep gentlemen standing.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There's a lovely young lady named Shittlecock Who loves to play diddle and fiddle-cock, But her cunt's got a pucker That's best not to fuck, or When least you expect it to, it'll lock.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There's a rather odd couple in Herts Who are cousins (or so each asserts); Their sex is in doubt For they're never without Their moustaches and long, trailing skirts.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There's a sports-minded coed named Sue, Who's been coxing the varsity crew. In the shell Sue is great, But her boyfriend's irate, When she calls out the stroke as they screw.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There's a tavern in London that's staffed, By a barmaid who's tops at her craft: In her striving to please, She serves ale on her knees, So the patrons get head with their draft.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There's a very hot babe at the Aggies Who's to men what to bulls a red rag is. The seniors go round Hanging down to the ground, And one extra-large Soph has to drag his.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There's a vicar who's classed as nefarious, Since his shocking perversions are various... He will bugger some lad With a dildo (the cad!) While exulting, "My pleasure's vicarious!"
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	There's a young Yiddish slut with two cunts, Whose pleasure in life is to pruntz. When one pireg is shot, There's that alternate twat, But the ausgefuckt male merely grunts.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	There's an oversexed lady named Whyte Who insists on a dozen a night. A fellow named Cheddar Had the brashness to wed her- His chance of survival is slight.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	There's an unbroken babe from Toronto, Exceedingly hard to get onto, But when you get there, And have parted the hair, You can fuck her as much as you want to.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	They had come in the fugue to the stretto When a dark, bearded man from a ghetto Slipped forward and grabbed Her tresses and stabbed Her to death with a rusty stiletto.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	This limerick is **SO**FILTHY** that it would offend even you. So I'll put "di-dah" for the filthy words: Di-dah, di-dah, di-dah di-dah, Di-dah di-dah di-dah, di-dah; di-dah di-dah di-dah? Di-dah di-dah di-dah. Di-dah di-dah, di-dah di-fuck.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Though his plan, when he gave her a buzz, Was to do what man normally does, She declared, "I'm a Soul-- Not a sexual goal!" So he shrugged and called someone who was.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Though most of the crewmen are whites, Uhura has full equal rights. Her crewmates, you see, Love De-mo-cra-cy, And the way that she fills out her tights.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Though the invalid Saint of Brac Lay all of his life on his back, His wife got her share, And the pilgrims now stare At the scene, in his shrine, on a plaque.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	'Tis a custom in Castellamare To fuck in the back of a lorry. The chassis and springs Are like woodwinds and strings In the midst of a musical soiree.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	To a weepy young woman in Thrums Her betrothed remarked, "This is what comes Of allowing your tears To fall into my ears - I think they have rotted the drums."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	To bear offspring, Noah's snakes were unable. Their fertility was somewhat unstable. He constructed a bed Out of tree trunks and said, "Even adders can multiply on a log table."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	To his bride a young bridegroom said, "Pish! Your cunt is as big as a dish!" She replied, "Why, you fool, With your limp little tool It's like driving a nail with a fish!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	To his bride said a numskull named Clarence : "I trust you will show some forbearance. My sexual habits I picked up from rabbits, And occasionally watching my parents."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	To his bride said economist Fife : "The semen you'll launch as my wife, We will salvage and freeze To resemble goat's cheese, And slice for hors d'oeuvres with a knife."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	To his bride, said the sharp eyed detective, "Can it be that my eyesight's defective? Is your east tit the least bit The best of your west tit, Or is it a trick of perspective?"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	To his clubfooted child said Lord Stipple, As he poured his post-prandial tipple, "Your mother's behaviour Gave pain to Our Saviour, And that's why He made you a cripple."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	Two eager young men from Cawnpore Once buggared and fucked the same whore. But her partition split And the blood and the shit Rolled out in a mess on the floor.
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	Two roosters in one of our pens Found their pricks were no larger than wens. As they looked at their foreskins And wished they had more skins, They discovered they'd both become hens.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Under the spreading chestnut tree The village smith he sat, Amusing himself By abusing himself And catching the load in his hat.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Une joile epousetta a Tours Voulait de gig-gig tous le jours. Mais le mari disait, "Non! De trop n'est pas bon! Mon derriere exige du secours!"
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Visas erat: huic geminarum Dispar modus testicularum: Minor haec nihili, Palma triplici, Jam fecerat altera clarum.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	We dedicate this to the cunt, The kind the broad-minded guys hunt : All hail to the twat, Willing, thrilling, and hot, That wears peckers down, limp and blunt!
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	Well buggered was a boy named Delpasse By all of the lads in his class He said, with a yawn, "Now the novelty's gone And it's only a pain in the ass."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	"Well, I took your advice, Doc", said Knopp, "And told my wife to try it on top. She bounced for an hour, Till she ran out of power, And the kids, who'd grown bored, made us stop."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	"Well, madam," the bishop declared, While the vicar just mumbled and stared, "'Twere better, perhaps, In the crypt or the apse, Because sex in the nave must be shared."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	When he tried to inject his huge whanger A young man aroused his girl's anger. As they strove in the dark She was heard to remark, "What you need is a zeppelin hanger."
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	When I was a baby, my penis Was as white as the buttocks of Venus. But now 'this as red As her nipples instead-- All because of the feminie genus!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	When they asked a pert baggage name Alice, Who'd been bedded and banged in the palace, "Was he modest or vain?" "Was he regal or plain?" She replied, "He's a jolly good phallus!"
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	When you fuck little Annie in Anza You get a great bosom bonanza: Sucking Annie's soft tits Makes her throw fifty fits, And the fuck is a sextravaganza!
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	While his duchess lay practically dead, The Duke of Daguerrodargue said: "Can it be this is all? How puny! How small! Have destroyed this disgrace to my bed."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	While I, with my usual enthusiasm, Was exploring in Ermintrude's busiasm, She explained, "They are flat, But think nothing of that -- You will find that my sweet sister Susiasm."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	While out on a date in his Fiat, The man exclaimed "Where's my key at?" As he bent down to seek, She let out a shriek: "That's not where it's likely to be at."
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	While spending the winter at Pau Lady Pamela forgot to say "No." So the head-porter made her And the second-cook laid her; The waiters were all hanging low.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	While Titian was mixing rose madder, His model reclined on a ladder. Her position to Titian Suggested coition, So he leapt up the ladder and had 'er.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	While travelling in farthest Tibet, Lord Irongate found cause to regret The buttered-up tea, A pain in his knee, And the frivolous tourists he met.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Winter is here with his grouch, The time when you sneeze and you slouch. You can't take your women Canoein' or swimmin', But a lot can be done on a couch.
off-limerick	nsfw	nsfw	1	With his penis in turgid erection, And aimed at woman's mid-section, Man looks most uncouth In that Moment of Truth, But she sheathes it with loving affection.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	You Women's Lib gals won't agree, But dependent on men you must be: You'll need a him With a rod firm and trim, To puggle your water-drains free!
off-limerick	nsfw	edgy	1	You've heard of the bishop of Birmingham, Well, here's the new story concerning 'im : He buggers the choir As they sing "Ave Maria," And fucks all the girls whilst confirming 'em.
off-limerick	nsfw	general	0	Young Frederick the great was a beaut. To a guard he cried, "Hey, man, you're cute. If you'll come to my palace, I'll finger your phallus, And then I shall blow on your flute."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	6802 hackers make great use of the SEX instruction.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	69 + 69 = dinner for 4.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A bisexual is a man who likes girls as well as the next fellow.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A chiseler is a man who goes stag to a wife-swapping party.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A fool is a man who worries about whether or not his lover has integrity. A wise man, on the other hand, busies himself with deeper attributes.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A friend of mine received a note through the mail advising him, "If you don't stop making love to my wife, I'll kill you." The trouble is, the note wasn't signed.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A hand in a bird is worth two on 'er bush.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A hand in the bush is worth two on the bird.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A hard man is good to find.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	A husky foreigner, looking for sex, accepted a prostitute's terms. When she undressed, he noticed that she had no pubic hair. The man shouted, "What, no wool? In my country all women have wool down there." The prostitute snapped back, "What do you want to do, knit or fuck?"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A lover without indiscretion is no lover at all.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A man can sleep around, no questions asked, but if a woman makes nineteen or twenty mistakes she's a tramp.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A man is as old as the woman he feels.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A man marries to have a home, but also because he doesn't want to be bothered with sex and all that sort of thing.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A man needs a mistress, just to break the monogamy.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A man never minds being in the doghouse as long as he can get his tail outside.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A man who likes to lie in bed can usually find a girl willing to listen to him.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A midget had a date with a very tall girl. It was a quiff-hanger.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A nymph hits you and steals your virginity.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A pederastic necrophiliac is a gentleman who is true to the very end of the end of a friend.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A secretary entered her boss's office with the announcement: "I have some good news and some bad news." He muttered, "It's quarterly report day, Sally -- just the good news." She replied, "You're not sterile."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A toast to the kisses you've snatched and vice-versa.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A vasectomy means never having to say you're sorry.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A virgin is chaste.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A virginal is a harpsichord that has never been plucked.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A virtuous abstinence from the joys of pederasty comes most easily to those who have no taste for it.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A widow is more sought after than an old maid of the same age.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A witty writer, K. Kraus in the Vienna "Fackel", has as it were, expressed this truth paradoxically in the cynical saying: "Coitus is merely an unsatisfactory substitute for onanism!"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"A woman is like a dresser ... some man always goin' through her drawers."
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	A young man asked his father to lend him $50 for a blowjob, whereupon his father solemnly replied, "When I was young we used to settle for a kiss." The son retorted, "OK, how about $50 for a long low kiss?"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	A.I. hackers do it with robots.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	AC/DC is a rock band.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Admittedly, there are a lot of things that are better than sex, and a lot more that are worse; but there's nothing quite like it...
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	After an evening at the theatre and several nightcaps at an intimate little bistro, the young man whispered to his date, "How do you feel about making love to men?" "That's MY business," she snapped. "Ah," he said. "A professional."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	After I run your program, let's make love like crazed weasels, OK?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	After we made love he took a piece of chalk and made an outline of my body.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Ah spring, when a fancy young man lightly turns his lover over.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Alaska, where Moosehead isn't a beer, it's a misdemeanor. Q: You know how to figure out if your lover's been "invovlved"? A: Antler marks on their hips.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Alcohol is like love: the first kiss is magic, the second is intimate, the third is routine. After that you just take the girl's clothes off.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	"Algorithms" is an anagram for "Hilt orgasm". Maybe this explains the popularity of this field of study in computer science.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	All a hacker needs is a tight PUSHJ, a loose pair of UUOs, and a warm place to shift.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"All I need is a little room to lay my hat and a few friends."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	All I really want in life is a piece and some quiet.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Always talk to your wife while you're making love... if there's a phone handy.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	America cannot be sold a can of beer without being offered a piece of pussy along with it.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	America's two greatest inventions are finger-fucking and carpet-bombing.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	An 11 is a 10 who doesn't have headaches.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	An acid is like a woman: a good one will eat through your pants.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	An egg has the shortest sex-life of all: if gets laid once; it gets eaten once. It also has to come in a box with 11 others, and the only person who will sit on its face is its mother.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Another nun joke!!! You see, three nuns were walking down the street, when suddenly this flasher jumped out in front of them and opened his trench coat, exposing his all to the sisters. Well, two of the nuns had strokes right there, but the third nun wouldn't touch it.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Any girl who believes that the way to a man's heart is through his stomach is obviously setting her standards too high.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	APL hackers take all they want.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Apple owners do it with mice!
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	As long as your ass is pointed at the ground, don't fuck with me.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	As my dear auntie used to say, "Love makes the world go 'round, but sex makes the ride fun."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	As she lay there dozing next beside me, a voice inside my head kept saying "Relax... you're not the first doctor who's ever slept with one of his patients," but another voice kept reminding me, "Howard, you're a veterinarian."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Asked by reporters about his upcoming marriage to a forty-two-year-old woman, director Roman Polanski told reporters, "The way I look at it, she's the equivalent of three fourteen-year-olds."
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Ass, grass or gas... nobody rides for free!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Assassins do it from behind.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Attractive bisexual young woman seeks same for high mellow times.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	B4 I4Q, RU/18 QT 3.1415926535?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Bankers do it with interest (penalty for early withdrawal).
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	BEAT ME, BITE ME, WHIP ME, FUCK ME!!!
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Beat me, bite me, whip me, fuck me, make me write bad checks!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"Before we get married," said the young woman to her fiancee, "I want to confess some affairs that I've had in the past." "But you told me all about those a few weeks ago," her young man replied. "Yes, darling," she explained, "but that was a few weeks ago."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Bend over and take it like a man!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Bi now, gay later!
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Bill and Jim were walking home from work. As they walked along, they discussed their wives' spending habits. "I don't understand how women can spend so much money," Bill exclaimed. "I mean, understand, she don't drink, and she's got her own pussy!"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Bisexuality immediately doubles your chances for a date on Saturday night.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous Census Taker". It's about a guy who comes once every ten years.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Brain on vacation, penis on autopilot.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"Breakfast sometime?" "Sure." "Shall I call you or just nudge you?"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"But if it's 80% glucose, then why does it taste salty?" -- Anonymous med school student.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	But we've only fondled the surface of that subject.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Buy old masters. They fetch better prices than old mistresses.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Call for Ms. Lingus, Ms. Connie Lingus...
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	"Can you hammer a 6-inch spike into a wooden plank with your penis?" "Uh, not right now." "Tsk. A girl has to have some standards." -- "Real Genius"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Chaste makes waste.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Chastity is its own punishment.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Claude believed that only smart attractive people had the right to fuck, and it sincerely hurt him when he discovered evidence to the contrary.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Close the door, let me give you what you've been waiting for!!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Coffee without caffeine. Beer without alcohol. Milk without fat. What's next? Bridal suites with bunk beds?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Coito ergo sum.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Coitus is punishment for the happiness of being together. Live as ascetically as possible... that is the only possible way for me to endure marriage. But she?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	College is like a woman -- you work so hard to get in, and nine months later you wish you'd never come.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Come up and see me sometime. Come Wednesday, that's amateur night.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Commit the oldest sins the newest kind of ways.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Communists do it without class.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Computer scientists are programmed to do it by macro insertion.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Condoms are like listening to a symphony with cotton in your ears. [Taking a shower in raincoat? Ed.]
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Condoms are the feminists' revenge on men for diaphrams.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: a smart man knows on which side his broad is better.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: boy who play with himself pulls boner.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Confucious say: child conceived in back seat of car with automatic transmission turn out to be shiftless bastard.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: eplileptic woman who give blow-job may bite big one.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: fool man climb tree to get cherries; wise man spread limbs.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: Kotex not best thing on earth, but next to best.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Confucious say: man and mouse the same, both end up in pussy.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who arrives late to party will find himself beaten to the punch!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who beat off in car have hot rod.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who fights with wife all day, gets not peace at night.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who fishes in other man's well often catch crabs.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who go to bed with sex problem wake up with solution in hand.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Confucious say: man who kicked in testicles get left holding bag.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who kiss girl's behind, get crack in face.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who lay girl on hill, not on level.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who lie under car, get tired -- man who stand behind car, get exhausted.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who live in glass house should bathe in the basement.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who lose key to girlfriend's apartment get no new key.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who make love on ground have piece on Earth.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who make oral love to epileptic woman may get tongue-tied.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who marry girl with no bust has right to feel low down.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who pull out too fast leave rubber.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Confucious say: man who screws near graveyard is fucking near dead.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who sleep in road wake up with run-down feeling.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who sleeps with old hen finds it's better than pullet.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man who streak unsuited for work.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Confucious say: man who suck nipples make clean breast of things.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man with athletic finger make broad jump
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Confucious say: man with head up ass have shitty outlook on life.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: man with hole in pocket feel cocky all day.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: modern house without toilet uncanny.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: passionate kiss like spider web, lead to undoing of fly.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: seven days on honeymoon make one hole weak.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: squirrel who run up woman's leg not find nuts.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: woman should not marry basketball players -- they dribble before they shoot.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: woman who bathe in vinegar have sour puss.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: woman who cooks carrots and pees in same pot very unsanitary.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: woman who fly upside down in airplane have big crack up.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: woman who goes to man's apartment for snack, may get tit bit.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: woman who put man in dog house find him in cat house.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Confucious say: woman who ride bicycle peddle ass around town.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: woman who slide down bannister make monkey shine.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Confucious say: woman who spring on inner-spring this spring, have off-spring next spring.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Confucious say: woman's virginity like balloon, one prick and all gone.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Conserve energy -- make love more slowly.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Consider the little mouse, how sagacious an animal it is which never entrusts its life to one hole only.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Couples in motion have moments.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Critics are like eunuchs in a harem: they know how it's done, they've seen it done every day, but they're unable to do it themselves.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Cunnilingus is next to cleanliness.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Cunnilingus is next to godliness.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Dance is the vertical expression of a horizontal intention.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"Darling," he breathed, "after making love I doubt if I'll be able to get over you -- so would you mind answering the phone?"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"Darling," she whispered, "will you still love me after we are married?" He considered this for a moment and then replied, "I think so. I've always been especially fond of married women."
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Dear Abby: I just met the most terrific girl and we get along fabulously. I think she's the one for me. There's just one problem: I can't remember from our first date if she told me she had TB or VD. What should I do? --Confused Dear Confused: If she coughs, fuck her.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Demonstrating once again the importance of the lowly comma, this telegram was sent from a wife to her husband: "NOT GETTING ANY, BETTER COME HOME AT ONCE."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Dial 911. Make a cop come.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Did Detroit invent the back seat to destroy the morals of America?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Did you ever notice that everyone in favour of birth control has already been born?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Distributed Systems people do it loosely coupled.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	DIVE!!! DIVE!!! DIVE!!! UP PERISCOPE!!! (Ooops, sorry, wrong fantasy.)
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Do I like getting drunk? Depends on who's doing the drinking.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Do infants have as much fun in infancy as adults do in adultery?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Do not stoop to tie your laces in your neighbor's melon patch.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Do something big -- fuck a giant.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"Do you cheat on your wife?" asked the psychiatrist. "Who else?" answered the patient.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"Do you smoke after sex?" "Why, do you know, I've never looked!"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Doctors take two aspirin and do it in the morning.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Does anyone know how to get chocolate syrup and honey out of a white electric blanket? I'm afraid to wash it in the machine. Thanks, Kathy. (front desk, x17) p.s. Also, anyone ever used Noxema on friction burns? Or is Vaseline better?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Doin' it in the dark, down in Rock Creek Park.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Don't knock masturbation, it's sex with someone I love.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Don't let your mouth write no check that your tail can't cash.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Don't look now -- your office mate is a pederast!!!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Don't look now, but your mother is having sex with a horse.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Drinking when we are not thirsty and making love at all seasons, madam: that is all there is to distinguish us from the other animals.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Dry fucking: that's man on top of woman, the action is the same as fucking, but you're dressed. It's great for the girl... you're hitting and rubbing exactly the area that you ought to be... I still like that.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	During a session with a marriage counselor, the wife snapped at her husband: "That's not true, I do enjoy sex!" Then, turning to the counselor, she added: "But this fiend expects it three or four times a year!"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	EE's do it without shorts.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Electrical Engineers do it with less resistance.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Evangelists do it with Him watching.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Ever notice that the women who are against abortion are the ones you wouldn't want to fuck in the first place?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Every dog has its day, but the nights belong to the pussycats.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Every harlot was a virgin once.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Father: Son, it's time we talked about sex. Son: Sure, Dad, what do you want to know?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Fighting for peace is like screwing for virginity.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Floppy now, hard later.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	For a gay time, call 555-9483. Ask for Brucie.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	For a good time, call 555-9484. Ask for Cathy.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	For a good time, call 555-9485. Ask for Michael.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	For children, a woman. For pleasure, a boy. For sheer ecstasy, a melon.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	For flavor, instant sex will never supercede the stuff you have to peel and cook.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	For her first week's salary the gorgeous new secretary was given an exquisite nightgown of imported lace. The next week her salary was raised!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Fortune personals: SDW/M, 35, offers French lessons for ladies. If you desire fluency in the French tongue, this cunning linguist can lick your problem. Fortune
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Fortune Personals: SWBiM, 29. Gr/Fr/Mild English. Have own moose, hoop. Sincere inquiries only. Discreet. Fortune P.O. Box 1910.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Fortune understands that the vote on a bill to legalize bisexuality could go either way.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Fortune's Guide to Movies: G: No girl. PG: The hero gets the girl. R: The bad guy gets the girl, then the good guy gets the girl. X: The hero still gets the girl in the end, but he's never sure which end it will be. XXX: Everybody gets the girl.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	FROM THE DESK OF Snow White Dear Snow White: Thanks for last night. Sleepy, Doc, Grumpy, Sneezy, Happy, Dopey, Bashful
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Gardeners do it in raised beds.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"Gee, Mudhead, everyone at More Science High has an extracurricular activity except you." "Well, gee, doesn't Louise count?" "Only to ten, Mudhead."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Gentlemen prefer blondes, but who says blondes prefer gentlemen?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Geometry teaches us to bisex angels.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Girls are like pianos. When they're not upright, they're grand!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Girls would never stay out late if guys didn't make them.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Give a man a free hand and he'll run it all over you.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Go out with girls Dutch treat -- pay for dinner, drinks, and the movie, and the rest of the evening is on her.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Hackers do it bottom-up.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Hackers do it with all sorts of characters.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Hackers do it with bugs.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Hackers do it with fewer instructions.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Hackers have kernel knowledge.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Hackers know all the right MOVs.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Hang gliders go down very slowly.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	He does it with a better grace, but I do it more natural.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	He used to kiss her on her lips, but it's all over now.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	He was not only a great swordsman, but also a cunning linguist.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	He was so ugly hookers used to tell him, "Not on the first date."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	He who findeth sensuous pleasures in the bodies of lush, hot, pink damsels is not righteous, but he can have a lot more fun.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	He's gallantry personified, in fact, his brochures ought to read satisfaction guaranteed, or your virginity returned intact.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	He's learned about 50% of the rules of sex and conversation; he knows how to stick it in, but not how to stick it out.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	He: "If I made love to you, would you yell?" She: "What do you want me to yell?"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	He: Do you like Kipling? She: Oh, you naughty boy, I don't know! I've never kippled!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Heisenberg may have done it.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Help! I'm a lesbian trapped in a gay man's body!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Her kisses left something to be desired: the rest of her.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Hey baby! How 'bout a brutal face fuck?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	HEY KIDS! ANN LANDERS SAYS: Remember, oral sex CAN cause pregnancy, unless you use an oral contraceptive. See your family planning clinic today!
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	HEY, KIDS! ANN LANDERS SAYS: Masturbation isn't as simple as it looks. Do it right! Send 50 cents for my illustrated booklet "Masturbation techniques for the teenager". Be sure to specify the male or female edition.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	How come if you're horny it's lust, but if she's horny it's affection?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	How soon can you have sexual relations after your wife delivers? Well, depends on if she's in a ward or a private room.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Hunters make the best lovers; they go deeper into the bush, shoot more often and *always* eat what they shoot.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I believe in sex and death -- two experiences that come once in a lifetime.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"I believe you have the wrong number," said the old gentleman into the phone. "You'll have to call the weather bureau for that information." "Who was that?" his young wife asked. "Some guy wanting to know if the coast was clear."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I bet you have fun chasing the soap around the bathtub.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I can understand companionship. I can understand bought sex in the afternoon. I cannot understand the love affair.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I don't discriminate on the basis of sex. -- Bisexuality, 101 [An equal opportunity lover? Ed.]
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"I don't object to sex before marriage, but two minutes before?!?"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"I don't really mind her being unfaithful," sighed the man to his marriage counselor, "but I just can't sleep three in a bed."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I don't remember ever having had the itch, and yet scratching is one of nature's sweet pleasures, and so handy.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"I finally found out what my ranch foreman husband really meant," sobbed the recent bride, "when he told me he'd love me 'til the cows came home."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I had a virgin once. I had to go to Guatemala for her. She was blind in one eye, and she had a stuffed alligator that said, "Welcome to Miami Beach."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"I have credit with this madam who runs a string of super callgirls," the executive reminisced at his club bar, "but when I got the bill for the great head session one of them pleasured me with, I must say that it was enough to make a blown man cry."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I have perfumed my bed with myrrh, aloes, and cinnamon. Come, let us take our fill of love until the morning. -- Proverbs 7:17-18
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I heard there was a lot of sex on television these days, but when I tried it I kept falling off.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I only date queers. -- Bisexuality, 101 [I'm not queer, but my boyfriend is! Ed.]
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"I own my own body, but I share"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I really had to act; 'cause I didn't have any lines.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I think I'll snatch a kiss and flee.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"I think my wife may be getting somewhat overweight. "Oh, how can you tell?" "Well, last night when she sat on my face, I couldn't hear the stereo."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I think pop music has done more for oral intercourse than anything else that has ever happened, and vice versa.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"I think sex is better than logic, but I can't prove it."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I thought Jackie O. was something you did in the bathroom.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I want a girl that can swallow my pride.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I want the same things all men do, Rice Krispies and some sucking.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I went to a wild party last night. I tell ya, it was so wild, we played a new version of Russian roulette. We passed around six girls and one of them had V.D.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I wonder what the leash and collar set does for excitement?
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	I wouldn't fuck her with your prick.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I'd like to meet the man who invented sex and see what he's working on now.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I'd walk a mile for a Camel, two for a hump.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I'm a bisexual; I get it maybe twice a year.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I'm a gay man trapped in a lesbian's body!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I'm against group sex because I wouldn't know where to put my elbows.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I'm for bringing back the birch, but only for consenting adults.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I'm for peace -- I've yet to see a man wake up in the morning and say "I've just had a good war."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I'm going to Iowa for an award. Then I'm appearing at Carnegie Hall, it's sold out. Then I'm sailing to France to be honored by the French government -- I'd give it all up for one erection.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"I'm looking for adventure, excitement, beautiful women," cried the young man to his father as he prepared to leave home. "Don't try to stop me. I'm on my way." "Who's trying to stop you?" shouted the father. "Take me along!"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"I'm not against women. Not often enough, anyway."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I've been told that it's far more sensous to have a woman leave something on rather than being totally nude. Myself, I've always felt that the lights were more than enough.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	I've tried several varieties of sex. The conventional position makes me claustrophobic, and the others either give me a stiff neck or lockjaw.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	If all these sweet young things were laid end-to-end, I wouldn't be a bit surprised.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"If anyone wants to trade a couple of centrally located, well-cushioned showgirls for an eroded slope 90 minutes from Broadway, I'll be on this corner tomorrow at 11 with my tongue hanging out."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	If ever you want to touch the hand and the heart of God Almighty, you can do it through the body of someone you love. Anytime. Anywhere. Without no middleman.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	If God had meant for us to have group sex, he'd have given us more organs.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	If God had wanted people to give blow jobs, he wouldn't have given them teeth.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	If it flies, floats or fucks, rent it, don't buy it.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	If it weren't for pickpockets, I'd have no sex life at all.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	If only is was as easy to banish hunger by rubbing the belly as it is to masturbate.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	If sex is a pain in the ass, you may be doing it wrong.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	If sex is such a natural phenomenon, how come there are so many books on how to?
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	If they can't take a joke, then fuck 'em. If they can, then fuck 'em.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	If thine eye offends thee, pluck it out. If thy dick offends thee, whack it off.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	If you could get an erection, you would have no need for Emacs.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	If you meet somebody who tells you that he loves you more than anybody in the whole wide world, don't trust him. It means he experiments.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	If you think sex is a pain in the ass, try a different position.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	If you're Catholic you've only got two choices: periodic abstinence and complete continence. You know ... rhythm and blues.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	If you're gonna sleep with someone whose moral code may be written in Fortran for all you know, at least make sure there's an existing friendship of some sort to fall back on if things don't work out like one or the other of you planned.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	If your sexual fantasies were truly of interest to others, they would no longer be fantasies.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	In the stands here I see a young couple who must be in love -- they're kissing on every pitch. He's kissing her on the strikes, and she's kissing him on the balls.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Is sex dirty? Only if it's done right.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Is that a pistol in your pocket or are you just glad to see me?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It is amusing that a virtue is made of the vice of chastity; and it's a pretty odd sort of chastity at that, which leads men straight into the sin of Onan, and girls to the waning of their color.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It is better to be on penicillin, than never to have loved at all.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It is better to have a positive Wasserman than never to have loved at all.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It is considered normal to consecrate virginity in the general and lust for its destruction in the particular.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It is far better to sleep with an old hen than pullet.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It is impossible to obtain a conviction for sodomy from an English jury. Half of them don't believe that it can physically be done, and the other half are doing it.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	It is not true that life is one damn thing after another -- it is one damn thing over and over.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It is not wise to make love more than once in the morning. You never know who you'll meet later in the day.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It is one of the superstitions of the human mind to have imagined that virginity could be a virtue.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It must be admitted that we English have sex on the brain, which is a very unfortunate place to have it.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It's a question of Napleon brandy versus Ripple. I am mellow and amber and I go down real smooth.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"It's always the same," the girl sighed to her roommate after returning in the wee, small hours. "Afterward, I feel so compromised, so cheap, so soiled... so absolutely wonderful from head to toe!"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It's been so long since I made love I can't even remember who gets tied up.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It's easy to make a friend. What's hard is to make a stranger.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It's hard to keep a good girl down -- but lots of fun trying.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It's not pretty being easy.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It's not the ups and downs of love, it's the ins and outs.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	It's the sighs that count.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Kamikazes do it once.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Kissing, petting, and even intercourse are all right as long as they are sincere. I have never given a kiss in my life that wasn't sincere. As for intercourse, I'd say three times a day was about right.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Large cats can be dangerous, but a little pussy never hurt anyone.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Lawyers do it to everyone.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Let a Field Service Engineer put it in.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Lick-a-dee-clit!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Like I said, love wouldn't be so blind if the braille weren't so damned great!
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Lisp hackers ... do it in CARS. ... do it with tail recursion. ... first do it in the front, then do it in the back. ... have DEFUN while doing it. ... have to be bound to do it. ... have Moby dicks.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Lisp hackers have to be bound (to-do 'it) ...
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Lisp programmers do it deeper and deeper and deeper.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Little known facts: the dirtiest words used on television during the 1950's were uttered by June Cleaver. "Gee, Ward, weren't you a little hard on the Beaver last night?"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Love ain't nothin' but sex misspelled.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Love comes in spurts.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Love does not make the world go around, just up and down a bit.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Love is blind but desire doesn't give a good goddam.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Love is eating her even when she's not having her period.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Love is just for now ... herpes lasts forever.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Love is not the dying moan of a distant violin -- it's the triumphant twang of a bedspring.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Love is the answer; but while you are waiting for the answer, sex raises some pretty good questions.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Love is the desire to prostitute oneself. There is, indeed, no exalted pleasure that cannot be related to prostitution.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Love is two minutes and fifty-two seconds of squishy sounds.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Ma Bell runs a baudy house.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Make war not sex. (It's safer.)
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Many nice things suck.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Marriage has driven more than one man to sex.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Marriage is like a bank account. You put it in, you take it out, you lose interest.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Masturbation is the thinking man's television.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Masturbation! The amazing availability of it!
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Math is to physics like masturbation is to sex.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Mathematicians ... do it in groups. ... do it in theory. ... take it to the limit.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Mathematicians do it in theory.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Mathematicians do it with a small, imaginary part.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Mathematicians often resort to something called Hilbert space, which is described as being n-dimensional. Like modern sex, any number can play.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Mathematicians take it to the limit.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Meanwhile back at the oasis, the Ay-rabs wuz busy a-eatin' their dates!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Meanwhile, back at the ranch, Granny was a-beating off the Indians, but they jus' kept on a-comin'. Back at the outhouse, things were a-pilin' up. And, as the U.S. Fourth Calvary mounted the hill, Tonto, cleverly disguised as a doorknob, came off in the Lone Ranger's hand.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Meetings are an addictive, highly self indulgent activity that corporations and other large organizations habitually engage in only because they cannot actually masturbate.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Most plain girls are virtuous because of the scarcity of opportunity to be otherwise.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Most women look for a man who is tall, dark and hung some.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Moustache rides, 50 cents.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	My girlfriend's favorite erotic position is bending over my credit cards.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"My husband commits an inconceivable act of perversion with a barnyard animal, and it's not central to my case?!" "Not in California."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	My idea of a wild party is where you throw the girls' panties at the wall and they stick.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"My mother," said the sweet young steno, "says there are some things a girl should not do before twenty." "Your mother is right," said the executive, "I don't like a large audience, either."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	My mother-in-law broke up my marriage. One day my wife came home early from work and found us in bed together.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	My reaction to porno films is as follows: After the first ten minutes, I want to go home and screw. After the first twenty minutes, I never want to screw again as long as I live.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	My schoolmates would make love to anything that moved, but I never saw any reason to limit myself.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	My sex life hasn't been so good; either fist or famine.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	My wife and I only smoke after sex. I've had the same pack since 1967. She's up to three packs a day.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	National Sex Week -- don't let your meat loaf.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Necessity is the mother of strange bedfellows. Watch who you sleep with.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Never try to keep up with the Joneses; they might be newlyweds.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	NEW ADDITION TO THE LIBRARY: "Sally", the department's new inflatable doll, is available on a short-term removal basis only -- please sign her out and return her promptly to avoid extended waits. (We are still awaiting shipment of our "Big John" doll.)
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Nice computers don't go down.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Nine out of ten men who preferred Camels have switched back to women.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	No matter how celebrated the beauty of a woman, I would never spend a night with her. The only celebrity with whom I would share a night is Max Planck. But he is dead. So I live like a monk, aside from a little self gratification in the afternoons.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Not everyone has a one-track mind. -- From a Bisexuality 101 talk
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Nothing is better than Sex. Masturbation is better than nothing. Therefore, Masturbation is better than Sex.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Nybble me... Byte me... Unsigned long int me...
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Of course, most people eventually give up bowling for sex. The balls are lighter and you don't have to change your shoes.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Oh John, let's not park here. Oh John, let's not park. Oh John, let's not. Oh John, let's. Oh John. Oh.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to conceive.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Oh, baby, put two fingers here and one finger there and call me bitch.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Once upon a girl there was a time...
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Once you come out as a Pagan bisexual married leatherdyke, the rest of life is that much easier.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	One hundred and one uses for canned peaches. One hundred and two if you plan to eat them.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	One man's nightmare is another man's wet dream.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	One of the most expensive things in life is a girl who is free for the evening.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	One should be cherry of virgins.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Ooooooh, nooooooo, not tonight!!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Ooops. Gotta run. My dog wants sex. Later.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Operators mount anything!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Oral sex is like being attacked by a giant snail.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Other people don't give you orgasms; you have them, and they help you cash them in.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Ouch! That felt good!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Painters do it with even strokes.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Passion is that funny feeling that drives a man to bite a woman's neck because she has beautiful legs.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Pee-wee Recommends: When Pee-wee Herman was arrested that evening in Sarasota, Florida, the bill at the XXX South Trail Cinema featured: + Nurse Nancy, starring Sandra Scream + Turn Up the Heat, starring Savannah + Tiger Shark, starring Raven
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	People who live in glass houses should ball in the basement.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Perhaps at fourteen every boy should be in love with some ideal woman to put on a pedestal and worship. As he grows up, of course, he will put her on a pedestal the better to view her legs.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Persistence, like perspiration, is 99 percent of the fine art of love.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Philosophy is to the real world as masturbation is to sex.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Physicists do it with charm.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Picking up a man in a bar is like a snowstorm, you never know when he's coming, how many inches you'll get or how long'll he'll stay.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Politicians do it to everyone.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Postulate #1: Nothing is better than sex. Postulate #2: Masturbation is better than nothing. Conclusion: Masturbation is better than sex.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Pregnancy -- the worst sexually transmitted disease of them all.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Pregnancy begins with a single sell.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Printers do it without wrinkling the sheets.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Probably the question asked most often is: Do one-celled animals have orgasms? The answer is yes, they have orgasms almost constantly, which is why they don't mind living in pools of warm slime.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Procrastinators do it tomorrow.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Programmers do it until it goes down.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Programmers get overlaid.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Prostitution is the only business where you can go into the hole and still come out ahead.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Psychiatry is quite similar to prostitution, only less honest. They both promise to make people feel better, but the prostitute doesn't make pretensions that the feelings will last once the client walks out the door.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Ralph: Lisa, you have no tits and a awful tight pussy. Lisa: Ralph... get off my back!!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Rating women on the Budweiser scale; the number of Clydesdales it would take to pull you off her.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Reach out and fuck someone.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Remember, when preparing a dish for bedtime, champagne is the best tenderizer.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Revenge is sleeping with your enemy's wife. Sweet revenge is the realization that she's a lousy lay.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Rogue players do it with all sorts of different animals.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Roses on your piano isn't nearly as good as tulips on your organ.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Runners do it alone.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Satyrs have more faun.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Save a forest - eat a beaver!
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Save a mouse, eat a pussy!
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	"Scott, baby," the sexually aggressive girl murmured as she guided her date's finger to her clitoris, "This bud's for you."
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Seems there was this traveling salesman who wandered into a brothel and asked the madam for a woman who would give him the absolutely worst blow-job imaginable. Not horny, just homesick.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Seems this guy showed up at a party, and all of his friends jumped for Joy. But she sidestepped, and they missed.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Self-abuse is the most certain road to the grave.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex and drugs and UNIX.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex and mathematics have one thing in common. You can do each while thinking about the other.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex appeal is 50% what you've got and 50% what people think you've got.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex discriminates against the shy and ugly.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex hasn't been the same since women started enjoying it.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is a biological function; kissing is a commitment.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is a natural bodily process, like a stroke.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is about as important as a cheese sandwich. But a cheese sandwich, if you ain't got one to put in your belly, is extremely important.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is an emotion in motion.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"Sex is as honest a product benefit for fragrance [perfume] as taste is for diet Coke."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is better than grass, if you have the right pusher.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is dirty, but only if you do it right.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is good, but not as good as fresh sweet corn.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is just one damp thing after another.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is like a bridge game -- If you have a good hand no partner is needed.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is like pizza -- when it's good, it's great; and when it's bad, it's still darn tasty!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is low in calories, and *oooh* that aftertaste!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is nobody's business but the three people involved.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is not the answer. Sex is the question. "Yes" is the answer.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is one of the nine reasons for reincarnation ... the other eight are unimportant.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is the mathematics urge sublimated.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is the poor man's opera.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex is what women have and men want.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex without class consciousness cannot give satisfaction, even if it is repeated until infinity.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex without love is an empty experience, but, as empty experiences go, it's one of the best.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sex; it's always best when one partner is at least a little bit desperate.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sexual enlightenment is justified insofar as girls cannot learn too soon how children do not come into the world.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	She asked me if I loved her still. "Yes," I replied. "I've never had you any other way."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	She called her parakeet Onan, because he spilled his seed.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	She was a farmer's daughter but she couldn't keep her calves together.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	She was only a mortician's daughter but anyone cadaver.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	She's fine, upstanding, and wonderful laying down.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	She's the kind of woman you could fall madly in bed with.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	"Sir", said the beggar, "can you spare fifty dollars for a cup of coffee?" "Fifty dollars for a cup of coffee, one should be sufficient!", answered the gentleman, rather shortly. "I know", replied the beggar, "but coffee always makes me horny."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sixteen'll get you twenty.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	So, how's your love life? Still holding your own?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	So, your daughter was voted "Most Likely to Conceive", and you're still drinking ordinary scotch?
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Sodomy is a pain in the ass.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Some of the greatest love affairs I've known have involved one actor, unassisted.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Some women achieve greatness, some have greatness thrust into them.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Some women are like musical glasses. To keep them in tune they must be wet.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Statisticians do it with 95% confidence.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Statisticians probably do it.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sticks and stones may break my bones but whips and chains excite me!!!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Sure eating yogurt will improve your sex life. People know that if you'll eat that stuff, you'll eat anything.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Systems people do it with a small, but clean, interface.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Teaching undergraduates is like herding sheep. And, like the old Basque sheepherder explained, whenever the livestock starts looking good to you, it's time to spend a night in town.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Teen-age prostitution: the problem is mounting!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Test makers do it: A: sometimes B: always C: never D: none of the above.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	That girl could suck the chrome off a bumper.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	That reminds me of a friend of mine who went north to work on the Alaskan pipeline. Before he went up there, he was just a skinny little runt. When he got back, he was a husky fucker.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	That's the most fun I've had without laughing.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The abbess of a nunnery was instructing a group of novices on the house rules of her particular order. The indoctrination period, which went on for hours, began with "No washing of undies in the founts," and ended with "Lights out at nine. Candles out at ten."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The best way to cut off a cat's tail is to repossess his Jaguar.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The Bible contains six admonishments to homosexuals and 362 admonishments to heterosexuals. That doesn't mean that God doesn't love heterosexuals. It's just that they need more supervision.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The big difference between sex for money and sex for free is that sex for money usually costs a lot less.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The bottom-up approach always gets me buggered.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The butcher, the baker, the candlestick make her, why can't I?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The country girl who became a city madam has obviously gone from rags to rigids.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The difference between a sorority girl and a bowling ball is that you can only get three fingers in a bowling ball.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The difference between her and the Titanic is that only 1100 men went down on the Titanic.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The difference between like and love is the same as the difference between a spit and a swallow.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The difference between women and girls is as much as twenty years, in some states.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The first time we slept together she drove a recreational vehicle into the bedroom.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	The fucking ain't worth the fighting.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The girls that go to see a man's etchings may not know art ... but they know what they like!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The good news is that the horse is dead, but your mother's pregnant.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	The good thing about masturbation is that you don't have to dress up for it.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The harder they come, the more important it is to have an extra-firm mattress.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The honeymoon is over when a quickie before dinner refers to a short drink.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The Italian entry in the Eurovision Song Contest, "I Can't Get No Contraception", has been withdrawn after the Pope advised them to pull it out at the last minute.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The man who said "A bird in the hand's worth two in the bush" has been putting his bird in the *WRONG* bushes.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The most pressing issue facing women today is finding a contraceptive jelly that smells like a fresh fruit salad.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The most romantic thing any woman ever said to me in bed was "Are you sure you're not a cop?"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The most unfair thing about STDs (sexually transmitted diseases) is that the guys who bought vasectomies have to wear condoms anyway.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The only difference between your current lover and a doorknob is that a doorknob warms up when you hold it.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The only people who make love all the time are liars.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	The only psychologically damaging thing about masturbation is that there's nobody else to blame later for persuading you to do it.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The only way to behave to a woman is to make love to her if she is pretty and to someone else if she is plain.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The other night I was having sex, but the girl hung up on me.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The outraged husband discovered his wife in bed with another man. "What is the meaning of this?" he demanded. "Who is this fellow?" "That seems like a fair question," said the wife, rolling over. "What IS your name?"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The passionate young thing was having a difficult time getting across what she wanted from her rather dense boyfriend. Finally she asked, "Would you like to see where I was operated on for appendicitis?" "Gosh, no!" he replied. "I hate hospitals."
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	The penis mightier than the sword.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The pleasure is momentary, The position ridiculous, The expense damnable.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The pleasure is transitory, the cost prohibitive, and the position ridiculous.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The plural of spouse is spice.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The problem with being best man at a wedding is that you never get a chance to prove it.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	The quality of a blow-job is determined by the length of sheet you have to pull out of your ass.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	The real problem with fucking a sheep is that you have to walk around in front every time you want to kiss her.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	The reason big companies have lots and lots of meetings is because they can't masturbate.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The reason people sweat is so they won't catch fire when making love.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The reason that sex is so popular is that it's centrally located.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The requirements of romantic love are difficult to satisfy in the trunk of a Dodge Dart.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The REVERSE function works on the opposite SEXPR.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	The sergeant walked into the shower and caught me giving myself a dishonorable discharge. Without missing a beat, I said... "It's my dick and I can wash it as fast as I want!"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The sex act is the funniest thing on the face of this earth.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The struggling for knowledge has a pleasure in it like that of wrestling with a fine woman.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The Supreme Court does it with all deliberate speed.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble is sex. [Obviously written by a man--if it's causing so much trouble, *take* *more* *time*!]
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The three faithful things in life are money, a dog and an old woman.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The three most important parts of a stove: lifter, leg, and poker.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The three sexual positions during preganancy. During the first four months: Missionary style During the second four months: Doggie style And during the last month: Coyote style Coyote style? You sit by the hole and howl.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The trouble with incest is that it gets you involved with relatives.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The two things that you should never lend out are your car or your woman. Someone's bound to throw a rod in either one.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The way to a man's heart is through his wife's belly, and don't you forget it.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Then there was the girl who was engaged to a gymnast -- 'til he broke it off.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Then there was the guy that got badly messed up fighting for his girl's honor. It seems she wanted to keep it.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	There are a couple of things about her I greatly admire.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	There are many ways to say "I love you", but fucking is the fastest.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	There are so many people wanting a piece of my ass that some of them are having to take turns.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	There is a definite parallel between shots of tequila and a woman's breasts. One is not enough and three are too many.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	There is nothing as overrated as a bad lay, or as underrated as a great shit.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	There is nothing wrong with screwing everyone in sight. Boring your friends about it is the sin.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	There isn't room enough in this dress for both of us!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	There was something about her I liked, but I couldn't put my finger on it.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	There will be sex after death, we just won't be able to feel it.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	There's a handsome boy who tells me how I've changed his past. He buys me a brandy... Could it be he's really just after my ass?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	There's many a slurp t'wixt the tip and the zip.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	There's nothing better than good sex. But bad sex? A peanut butter and jelly sandwich is better than bad sex.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	There's nothing wrong with America that a good erection wouldn't cure.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	This is a test of the emergency cunnilingus system. If this had been an actual emergency, you would have known it!
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	This system goes down more often than a two-dollar whore.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	This time it's for love; next time it's $100.00.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Thou shalt not omit adultery.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Three minutes of serious sex and I need eight hours of sleep and a bowl of Wheaties.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	To a Real Woman, every ejaculation is premature.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	To be the kind of girl designed to be kissed between the thighs.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	To win a woman in the first place one must please her, then undress her, and then somehow get her clothes back on her. Finally, so she will allow you to leave her, you've got to annoy her.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Tri Delts; everyone else has.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Two men were standing around talking while nearby a large German Shepherd lay licking his balls. One man says to the other, "Damn, I wish I could do that." The other man replies, "Well, it's okay by me, but I think you ought to get to know him a little first."
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Two women were walking down the street, when one nudges the other and says, "There's my husband coming out of the florist's with a dozen roses, damn it. That means I'll have to keep my legs up in the air for three days." Replies her friend, "Well, why don't you buy a vase?"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Unix programmers do it with pipes.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Vandalism On The Upswing! Last night, windows were broken and graffiti was sprayed over the front of the local sex shop, Le Sex Boutique, causing several hundred dollars in damage. In a later anonymous phone call, the provisional wing of the Salvation Army claimed responsibility.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Vegetarians for oral sex -- "The only meat that's fit to eat"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Vidi, vici, veni. (I saw, I conquered, I came.)
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	We have reason to believe that man first walked upright to free his hands for masturbation.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	We may eventually come to realize that chastity is no more a virtue than malnutrition.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"We've got things well in hand."
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Well, didja wake up grouchy or did you let her sleep?
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Well, see, I was out with this chick last night, and we were in bed, and she groaned to me, "Give me nine inches, and make it hurt!" So, I fucked her twice and slapped her.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Well, see, Joyce, there we were, trapped in the elevator. Now, I had my tennis racquet and the goldfish; she was holding the Crisco. Surely you can imagine how one thing naturally led to another!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Were it not for imagination, sir, a man would be as happy in the arms of a chambermaid as a duchess.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	What creatures of habit we are. This morning, without thinking, half asleep, I put $100 on my pillow. That's not so bad, no one would worry about it, but my wife, half asleep, without thinking, gave me $20 change.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	What is a promiscuous person -- it's usually someone who is getting more sex than you are.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	What this department needs is a really good inflatable doll.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Whatever else can be said about sex, it cannot be called a dignified performance.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Whatever happened to the good old days when sex was dirty and the air was clean?
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Whatever you say about pornography, sex is here to stay.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	When a girl admits she's had a checkered career, it's your move.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	When better women are made, computer programmers will make them.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	When Boy Scouts do it, it's intense.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	When I said "we", officer, I was referring to myself, the four young ladies, and, of course, the goat.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	When Snow White turns on with the dwarfs she probably winds up feeling Dopey.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	When the prick stands up, the brains get buried in the ground.
off-sex	nsfw	edgy	1	Whenever someone tells you to "take it like a man" it usually means up your ass.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"Where'd she get those crow's feet?" "You really want to know?" "Yeah." "From squinting and screaming, 'Suck what!?'"
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Which of the following doesn't belong? a. meat b. eggs c. drum d. blowjob. Answer: d: A blowjob, because you can beat your meat, your eggs, or your drum, but you just can't beat a blowjob.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	While farmers generally allow one rooster for ten hens, ten men are scarcely sufficient to service one woman.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	While not actually a sailor, I certainly enjoy getting blown ashore.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Whoever named it "necking" was a poor judge of anatomy.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Why marry a virgin? If she wasn't good enough for the rest of them then she isn't good enough for you.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Why, Good Morning! I'm the bluebird of fellatio!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	With a bushel of apples, you can have a hell of a time with the doctor's wife.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Women think of being a man as a gift. It is a duty. Even making love can be a duty. A man has always got to get it up, and love isn't always enough.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Women Unite! Make *him* sleep in the wet spot tonight!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Working here is like a pregnancy. After nine months you wish you hadn't come.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Writers do it between periods.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"Yeah, I used to be into necrophelia, bestiality and sadism, but then I realized I was just flogging a dead horse."
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	"Yes, sir, the bowling ball nipple rings in black. Will there be anything else?"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	You are a tower of strength in the office, but only so-so in bed.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	You are loved by the multitudes. Have you been to the clinic lately?
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	You better believe that marijuana can cause castration. Just suppose your girlfriend gets the munchies!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	"You can beat my meat, but you can't lick my sauce!"
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	You can get used to living at a nudist camp. The first three days are the hardest.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	You come out of a woman and you spend the rest of your life trying to get back inside.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	You might get caught holding the bag. Say she's your sister.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	You pedophiliac sodomizer of ducklings!!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Your first husband was the one you married while firmly believing that there are more important things in life than great sex.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Yuck Foo.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Humor in the Court: Q. How did you happen to go to Dr. Cherney? A. Well, a gal down the road had had several of her children by Dr. Cherney, and said he was really good.
off-sex	nsfw	nsfw	1	Q: Why are Unix emulators like your right hand? A: They're just pussy substitutes!
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	Cryo-necro-bestial-sodomy? You can do that at the grocery store.
off-sex	nsfw	general	0	The duration of passion is proportionate with the original resistance of the woman.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	68: Do me now and I'll owe you one.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	71: 69 with two fingers up your ass.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	A clitoris is a lot like Antarctica: most men know it's there, but few really care.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	A.A.A.A.A.: An organization for drunks who drive.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Achilles' Biological Findings: (1) If a child looks like his father, that's heredity. If he looks like a neighbor, that's environment. (2) A lot of time has been wasted arguing over what came first -- the chicken or the egg. It was undoubtedly the rooster.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Adam's Law: (1) Women don't know what they want; they don't like what they have got. (2) Men know very well what they want; having got it, they begin to lose interest.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Adolescence, n.: The stage between puberty and adultery.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Adultery: Putting yourself in someone else's position.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	ambition, n: An ant crawling up an elephant's leg with rape on his mind.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	anxiety, n: The first time you can't do it a second time. panic, n: The second time you can't do it the first time.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Appointment book: The reference of last resort when trying to duck undesired invitations ("Gee, the soonest I can pencil you in is December, 2004"), or when trying to figure out what the hell it was you did during the past year.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Arkansas: Where the men are men, so are the women and the sheep run scared.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	Ass: The masculine of "lass".
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Bacchus, n.: A convenient deity invented by the ancients as an excuse for getting drunk.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Balls' Law: The angle of the dangle is directly proportional to the heat of the meat provided that the thrusts of the busts are constant.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Baltimore, n.: Where the women wear turtleneck sweaters to hide their flea collars.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Baltimore: A wharf-rat stealing Diogenes' lamp.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	beef stroganoff, n: A bull masturbating.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	"Better late than never!": The single girl's motto.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	bi, n: When *everybody* thinks you're a pervert.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	BOHICA: Bend over, here it comes again.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Boston, n.: Ludwig van Beethoven being jeered by 50,000 sports fans for finishing second in the Irish jig competition.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Boston: An outdoor Betty Ford Clinic.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	brunette bush, n: The dark side of the moon.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	cad, n.: A man who doesn't tell his wife that he's sterile until she's pregnant.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	California: From Latin 'calor', meaning "heat" (as in English 'calorie' or Spanish 'caliente'); and 'fornia', for "sexual intercourse" or "fornication." Hence: Tierra de California, "the land of hot sex."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	callgirl, n: A negotiable blonde.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Camille's Axiom: If you haven't asked yourself, "Why the hell did I go to college anyway?", you must be teaching.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Chastity belt: An anti-trust suit. (And an unchivalrous knight is the one that files it.)
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Chastity: The most unnatural of the sexual perversions.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Chicago, n.: Where the dead still vote ... early and often!
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Christ: A man who was born at least 5,000 years ahead of his time.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Christmas: A time when each of us gets to reflect upon what we each most deeply and sincerely believe in. Money. At the mall of our choice.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	cigarette, n.: A fire at one end, a fool at the other, and a bit of tobacco in between.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	Cinderella 10: A woman who sucks and fucks 'til midnight and then turns into a pizza and a six-pack.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	Clarke's Third Law: Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic. G's Third Law: In spite of all evidence to the contrary, the entire universe is composed of only two basic substances: magic and bullshit. H's Dictum: There is no magic ...
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Cleveland: Where their last tornado did six million dollars worth of improvements.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	clitoris, n: A haired trigger.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Cocaine: The thinking man's Dristan.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	cock-sucker, n: Someone who got caught doing what you got away with.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	coitus interruptus, n: A jerky movement following the words (by either sex partner) "I want to have your child."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	cold, adj.: When the local flashers are handing out written descriptions.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	cold, adj: When your dog sticks to the fire hydrant.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Colorado: Where they don't buy M & M's, 'cause they're so hard to peel.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	computerfirm nymphomaniac, n: Hot Apple pie.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	confusion, n: Father's Day in San Francisco.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	confusion: One woman plus one left turn. excitement: Two women plus one secret. bedlam: Three women plus one bargain. chaos: Four women plus one luncheon check.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Conservative, n.: One who admires radicals centuries after they're dead.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Conservative, n: A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	continental breakfast, n: A roll in bed with some honey.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	Coors, n: Like making love in a canoe -- fucking close to water.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Corrupt, adj.: In politics, holding an office of trust or profit.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	courage, n: Two cannibals having oral sex.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	Cox's philosophy: Life's a bitch, then you die.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	crew, n: Eight big men and their cute little cox.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Crinklaw's Observation: Nowadays the order of life is reversed: Sex is first enjoyed, marriage follows, and after marriage comes abstinence.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Dallas: The city that chose Astroturf to keep the cheerleaders from grazing.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Democracy, n: In which you say what you like and do what you're told.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	diaphragm, n: A childproof cap.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	dicker, v: What you do to your wife if arguing doesn't work.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	Disclaimer of the Week: Any Society Which Requires Disclaimers Has Too Many Goddamn Lawyers.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	dyke, n: A woman who kick-starts her vibrator. And rolls her own tampons.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Elliptical, n.: The feel of a kiss.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	embarrassment, n.: Finding out your German Shepherd has the clap.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Erogenous zone, n.: The skin you touch to love.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	eternity, n.: The length of time between when you come and he leaves.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	exotic dancer, n.: A girl who brings home the bacon a strip at a time.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Faith, n: That quality which enables us to believe what we know to be untrue.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Fear, n.: What you feel when you see a U-Haul with Texas license plates.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	felt tip, v.: Past tense for a breast examination!
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Female rabbits: The gift that just "keeps on giving."
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	female, n.: Life support system for a pussy.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Feminism, n.: A political position which seeks to rebuild society so that both men and women are treated as women wish to be treated.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	First Corollary of Taber's Second Law: Machines that piss people off get murdered.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Flirt, n.: A girl whose favorite man is the next one.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	fornication, n.: Term used by people who don't have anybody to screw with.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #5 Don't wear your spurs while making love in a waterbed.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	FORTUNE'S RULES TO LIVE BY: #8 Don't wear your high heels while making love on the pool table.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Frisbeetarianism, n.: The belief that when you die, your soul goes up the on roof and gets stuck.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	fuck-me-pumps, n.: Stiletto heels of a certain length, usually black patent leather. The proper designation is "throw-me-down-and-fuck-me" pumps. Shoes with heels just high enough to let the frayed tip of a bullwhip trail around them properly.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	fuckoff, n.: The tie breaker at the Miss America Beauty Pageant.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	garter, n.: An elastic band intended to keep a woman from coming out of her stockings and desolating the country.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	gay, adj.: Of a man, one who'd rather swish than fight.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Georgia: Where kinky sex means getting laid.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Glee Club groupie, n.: A girl into choral sex.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	God: Darwin's chief rival.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	good scout, n.: Someone who knows the lay of the land and will take you to her.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Gourmet, n.: Anyone whom, when you fail to finish something strange or revolting, remarks that it's an acquired taste and that you're leaving the best part.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	great lover, n.: A man who can breathe through his ears.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Gross, adj.: When your bloody mary still has the string in it.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Gross, adj.: When your grandmother kisses you goodnight and slips you some tongue.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Gynecologist, n.: Someone who spends their time spreading old wives' tails.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Handel's Proverb: You can't produce a baby in one month by impregnating 9 women!
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Handy hint: A tea bag or two can be a dandy substitute when you're out of tampons.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	happiness, n.: Finding the owner of a lost bikini.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	happiness, n.: Having your Herpes (Type II) test come back negative.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Hartley's Second Law: Never sleep with anyone crazier than yourself. My corollary: The completely psychotic have all the fun.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	Harvard Law: Under the most rigorously controlled conditions of pressure, temperature, volume, humidity, and other variables, the organism will do as it damn well pleases.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	hell, n.: Truth seen too late.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	henpecked husband, n.: One who's afraid to tell his pregnant wife that he's sterile.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	hermit, n.: A man who'd rather get off by himself.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	herpes, n.: The final proof that 'tis better to give than to receive. Much better.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	high technology, n.: A California innovation composed of equal parts of silicon and marijuana.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	honor, n.: Almost as good as in 'er.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	horny, adj.: When your cock gets hard if the wind blows.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	hypocrite, n.: A man who says he likes cats, but won't eat pussy.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Impossible, adj.: (1) I wouldn't like it and when it happens I won't approve; (2) I can't be bothered; (3) God can't be bothered. Meaning (3) may perhaps be valid but the others are 101% whaledreck.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	impotent loser, n.: Someone who can't even get his hopes up.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Incest, n: Sibling revelry; a sport the whole family can enjoy.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Infatuation, n: When you're in love, there's a lump in your throat. When you're infatuated, there's a lump in your pants.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Infidel: In New York, one who does not believe in the Christian religion; in Constantinople, one who does.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	innunendo, n.: Italian enema.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	irony, n.: A windy day, when, just as a beautiful girl with a short skirt approaches, dust blows in your eyes.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Johnny Carson's Observation on Geriatrics: Sex in the sixties is great, but it improves if you pull over to the side of the road.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Kansas: Where the men are men and so are the women!
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	Kasha, n.: Kasha is always defined as "buckwheat groats". There's only one problem with this definition: what the fuck are "buckwheat groats"? *I* know what they are -- they're kasha. But that doesn't help *you* much.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Kerr's Three Rules for a Successful College: Have plenty of football for the alumni, sex for the students, and parking for the faculty.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Kleptomaniac, n.: A rich thief.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Kotex, n.: Not the best thing on earth, but next to the best.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	LA: Where the only way to determine that the seasons have changed is to note that people have changed the main topic of conversation. From mud slides to brush fires.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Labia majora, n.: The curly gates.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	lagnaf, n.: Let's All Get Naked And Fuck!
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Law of Probable Dispersal: Whatever it is that hits the fan will not be evenly distributed.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Law of the Yukon: Only the lead dog gets a change of scenery.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	lawyer, n.: Someone who can get a sodomy charge changed to "following too closely."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	lazy, adj.: Marrying a pregnant woman.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	Lesbian QOTD: I didn't give up sex, I just gave up premature ejaculation.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	liberal, n.: Someone too poor to be a capitalist and too rich to be a communist.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	Life is like a penis: when it's soft you can't beat it, and when it's hard you get fucked.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Little Known Facts, #23: Did you know... that if you dial 911 in Los Angeles you get the BMW repair garage?
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Lucky, adj: When you have a wife and a cigarette lighter -- both of which work.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Luser, n.: Someone who picks up a female hitch-hiker walking home from a date.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	macho, adj.: Jogging home from your vasectomy.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	maiden aunt, n.: A girl who never had the sense to say "uncle."
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	Male, n.: Life support system for a cock.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	man-hour, n.: A sexist, obsolete measure of macho effort, equal to 60 Kiplings.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	manager, n.: A man known for giving great meeting.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	masturbation, n.: A self-service elevator.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	masturbation, n.: Coming unscrewed.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	menage a trois, n.: Using both hands to masturbate.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Meteorologist, n.: A man who can look in a woman's eyes and predict whether.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Miss, n.: A title with which we brand unmarried women to indicate that they are in the market.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Missionary Position: The missionary on top.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Mistress, n.: Something between a mister and a mattress.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Mom's Law: When they finally do have to take you to the hospital, your underwear won't be clean or new.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Monday, n.: In Christian countries, the day after the baseball game.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	monotony, n.: Marriage to one woman at a time.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Montana: A grizzly bear praying for the early arrival of cable television.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Montana: Where forty-three below keeps out the riff-raff.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Montana: Where men are men and women are sheep.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	mosquito, n.: The state bird of New Jersey.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	mother: Half a word.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	Motto of the Electrical Engineer: Working computer hardware is a lot like an erect penis: it stays up as long as you don't fuck with it.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Murphy's Discovery: Do you know Presidents talk to the country the way men talk to women? They say, "Trust me, go all the way with me, and everything will be all right." And what happens? Nine months later, you're in trouble!
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	mythology, n.: The body of a primitive people's beliefs, concerning its origin, early history, heroes, deities and so forth, as distinguished from the true accounts which it invents later.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Naeser's Law: You can make it foolproof, but you can't make it damnfoolproof.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	navel, n.: A place to stash your gum on the way down.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	necrophelia, n.: Dead boring. incest, n.: Relatively boring.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	necrophilia, n.: Dropping in for a cold one.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	New release: Abortions are becoming so popular in some countries that the waiting time to get one is lengthening rapidly. Experts predict that at this rate there will soon be an up to a one year wait.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	New York: Where men are men, sheep enjoy it, and lepers laugh their heads off.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Noncombatant, n.: A dead Quaker.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	nothing, adj.: A man with an erection who walks into a wall and breaks his nose.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	O'Riordan's Theorem: Brains x Beauty = Constant. Purmal's Corollary: As the limit of (Brains x Beauty) goes to infinity, availability goes to zero.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Ocean, n.: A body of water occupying about two-thirds of a world made for man -- who has no gills.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	On Brassieres: Russian: Uplifts the masses. Salvation Army: Raises the fallen. American: Makes mountains out of molehills.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	optimist, n.: A man who makes a motel reservation before a blind date.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	optimist, n.: Someone who goes down to the marriage bureau to see if his license has expired.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	oral contraceptive, n.: The word "No".
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	oral sex, n.: The taste of things to come.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Oregon, n.: Eighty billion gallons of water with no place to go on Saturday night.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Overheard: "How do I feel? Great! And I kiss pretty good, too!"
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	pain, n.: Falling out of a twenty story building, and snagging your eyelid on a nail.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	pain, n.: Sliding down a 50-foot razor blade into a bucket of alcohol.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Parker's Law: Beauty is only skin deep, but ugly goes clean to the bone.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Peeping Tom: A window fan.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	penis envy, n.: The desire to be pink and wrinkled and about four inches long.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	perfect woman, n.: Four feet tall, no teeth and a flat head so you can rest your drink. [Pistol-grip ears? Ed.]
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Pig, n.: An animal (Porcus omnivorous) closely allied to the human race by the splendor and vivacity of its appetite, which, however, is inferior in scope, for it balks at pig.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	pile driver, n.: Local drink; two parts vodka, one part prune juice.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Planned Parenthood: The emission Control Center.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	platonic friendship, n.: What develops when two people get tired of making love to each other.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	pocket pool, n.: Well, for guys, it's two-ball in the side pocket. For women, it's playing the slots.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	polish fly, n.: You put it in her drink and she begs you to take her bowling.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Politician, n.: From the Greek "poly" ("many") and the French "tete" ("head" or "face," as in "tete-a-tete:" head to head or face to face). Hence "polytetien," a person of two or more faces.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	pray, n: To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled on behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	premature ejaculation, n.: A spoilspurt.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	premature ejaculator, n.: Troubled shooter.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Premenstrual Syndrome: Just before their periods women behave the way men do all the time.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	promotion from within: A system of moving incompetents up to the policy-making level where they can't foul up operations.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	promotion, n.: New title, new salary, new office, same old crap.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	psychologist, n.: Someone who watches everyone else when an attractive woman walks into a room.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	pubic hair, n.: Organic dental floss.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Puritanism: the haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	QFD: Quelle fucking drag. "Jamie got stuck at Rome airport for thirty-six hours and it was, like, totally QFD."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "... was it a dream where you see yourself standing in sort-of Sun-God robes, on a pyramid, with a thousand naked women screaming and throwing little pickles at you? ... Why am I the only one who has that dream?"
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "Are you into casual sex, or should I dress up?"
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "He's a perfectionist. If he married Raquel Welch, he'd expect her to cook."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "He's so egotistical he yells his own name when he comes."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "He's such a hick he doesn't even have a trapeze in his bedroom."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "Her other car is a broom."
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	QOTD: "I don't give a flying fuck at a rolling doughnut."
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	QOTD: "I say, and without apology, hang the bitch."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "I treat her like a throughbred, and she's STILL a nag!"
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "I used to beat off so much in the shower, I'd get a hard on every time it rained."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "I want a home, a family, an occasional spanking ..."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "I was a fifty-four-year-old virgin, but I'm all right now."
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	QOTD: "I'd crawl a mile over burning desert sand just to kiss the dick of the guy who screwed her last."
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	QOTD: "I'd drag my dick a mile over broken glass just to masturbate in her shadow!"
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "It's been so long since I've had sex, I've forgotten who gets tied up."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "It's men like him that give the Y chromosome a bad name."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "Let go of my ears, I know what I'm doing!"
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "Let's do it."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "My ambition is to marry a rich woman who's too proud to let her husband work."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "One day, I'd like to wake up in the morning to find that every gay and lesbian has lavender skin. On that morning, I will be -- mauve."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "She was so tough she rolled her own tampons."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "The difference between dark and hard is... it stays dark all night."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "The marines and I have something in common; we're both looking for a few good men!"
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "The only real difference between men and women is that men are crabby all month long."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "To hell with patience, I'm gonna kill me something!"
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "Well, let's say she's friendly. Last year she was the Herpes Poster Girl."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "What would the world be like without men? A lot of fat, happy women."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "Whhoooooooeeeeeeeeeee, Elmer! Take a look at that purty young lady over thar! Why, I'd walk a mile barefoot over barbed wire and broken glass just to drive the truck that takes her panties to the cleaners!"
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	QOTD: "Whip me, beat me, come all over me, tell me you love me. Then get the fuck out."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: "You might as well say "yes", the sheets are messy already."
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	QOTD: I get girls because of who I am... a rapist.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: I met her [his fiance] over lunch on Thursday. She had a firm grip. He's a lucky man.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: I own my own body, but I share.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: I won't say he's unsavory, but for his birthday he bought himself a pair of velcro gloves.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	QOTD: It *was* wonderfully polite of me. Usually I call the kind of cretinous dipshit that pisses me off a ``fucking asshole.''
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: Men come in four sizes -- small, medium, large, and "You're going to put that thing *where*?"
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	QOTD: My penis is better than corn, because corn doesn't squeal when you stick those little prongs into it.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: No, honey, I've never been circumcised; it's simply wear and tear.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: Sex is like everything else. To get it done right, do it yourself.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: Sex is the most fun you can have without laughing.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	QOTD: She began coming, making noises like a small animal in pain. Ouch! Ow! My paw! Ouch!!
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	quickie, n.: A moment's piece.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	quickie, n.: No sooner spread than done.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Radicalism: The conservatism of tomorrow injected into the affairs of today.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	randel, n.: A nonsensical poem recited by Irish schoolboys as an apology for farting at a friend.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	real buddy, n.: Someone who'll go downtown and get two blowjobs, and come back and give you one.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	real class, adj.: When you're by yourself, fart, and say "Excuse me."
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	rejection, n.: When you're masturbating and your hand falls asleep.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Robot, n.: Someone who's been made by a scientist.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	rodeo fuck, n.: When you lean down and whisper in your lover's ear, "Honey, you're the worst piece of ass I've ever had!". And then try to stay on for seven seconds...
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	rugby, n.: A sport requiring leather balls.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	rugby, n.: Elegant violence. (Rugby players eat their dead.) (Blood makes the grass grow!) (Support your local hooker! Play rugby!) [A "hooker" is part of the scrum. Thought you'd want to know. Ed.]
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	sadism, n.: A sadist refusing to whip a masochist.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	sadoequinecrophilia, n.: Beating a dead horse.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	San Diego: Four million people, where you can't get a good cheeseburger, no matter how hard you try.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	San Francisco, n.: Marcel Proust editing an issue of Penthouse.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	San Francisco: A nice place to visit, but I wouldn't want to tie my shoelaces there.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	schnuffel, n.: A dog's practice of continuously nuzzling in your crotch in mixed company.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Schwiggle, n.: The amusing rotation of one's bottom while sharpening a pencil.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	seminars, n.: From 'semi' and 'arse', hence, any half-assed discussion.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Sex: the thing that takes up the least amount of time and causes the most amount of trouble.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Showerbath: Natural venue for sexual adventures -- wash together, make love together: only convenient overhead point in most apartments or hotel rooms to attach a partner's hands. Don't pull down the fixture, however -- it isn't weightbearing. See Discipline.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	small, adj.: Is it in yet?
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	spinster, n.: A bachelor's wife.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	spinster, n.: Unlusted number.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	Stockmayer's Theorem: If it looks easy, it's tough. If it looks tough, it's damn well impossible.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	strapless evening gown, n.: Bust truster.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	stress, n.: The confusion created when one's mind overrides the body's desire to choke the living shit out of some asshole who desperately needs it.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	subpoena, n: From the root "sub", below, and the Latin "poena" for male organ or penis. Therefore, "below the penis" or "by the balls."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	successful cunnilingus: When you wake up the next morning with a face like a frosted doughnut.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Sudden Death Dating: Quote, female: Am I worried about taking his last name? Forget it, at this point I'll take his first name, too.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	swallow, v.: The (blew) bird of birth control.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	T-shirt of the Day: See Dick Drink... See Dick Drive... See Dick Die. DON'T BE A DICK.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	T-shirt of the Week: I'm not excited, I'm cold!
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	tacky, adj.: Serving grape kool-aid at religious functions.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	tear leather: To become excited, as in the sentence "Robin Hood tore his leather jerkin' off."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	tearing off a quicky: Gunning the jump.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Texan: A wet-back that didn't make Oklahoma.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	The First Commandment for Technicians: Beware the lightning that lurketh in the undischarged capacitor, lest it cause thee to bounce upon thy buttocks in a most untechnician-like manner.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	The New Right: A javelin team that elects to receive.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	THE THREE MOST COMMONLY-ASKED QUESTIONS AT DISNEYLAND: (1) Where's the bathroom? (2) What time does the parade start? (3) Do you sell anything without that damn mouse on it?
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	The United States Army: 194 years of proud service, unhampered by progress.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	There's more than one way to skin a cat: Way number 15
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	There's more than one way to skin a cat: Way number 27 -- Use an electric sander.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	There's more than one way to skin a cat: Way number 32 -- Wrap it around a lonely frat man's pecker.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	thorny: A thailor at thea.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Thought: Girls get minks the same way minks get minks!
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	three-bag ugly, adj: That's when you put one bag over her head, one bag over your head in case her's falls off, and one over the dog's to keep it from howling. four-bag ugly, adj: When you leave a bag by the door in case someone drops by.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Today's title: Creative Violence in Sexual Relationships
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	tourist, n.: A pretty girl in Oklahoma.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	transvestite, n.: Someone who likes to eat, drink, and be Mary.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	transvestite, n.: Someone who spends his junior year at college abroad.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	"Trust me": Get me, give me, buy me, do me.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	"Trust me": Los Angeles for "Fuck you, your mother, and the horse she rode in on."
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	trust, n.: Two cannibals having oral sex.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Unix, n.: A computer operating system, once thought to be flabby and impotent, that now shows a surprising interest in making off with the workstation harem.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	vagina, n.: The box a penis comes in.
off-definitions	nsfw	nsfw	1	vaginal lubricant, n.: A slitty slicker.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	VD, n.: The gift that keeps on giving.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Virgin, n.: An ugly third grader.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Virginia: A group of beautifully mounted hunters galloping behind baying hounds in pursuit of a union organizer.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	WASP, n.: Someone who gets out of the shower to take a piss.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Watership Down: You've read the book. You've seen the movie. Now eat the stew!
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	wet dream, n.: Overnight sensation.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Wethern's Law: Assumption is the mother of all screw-ups.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Why You Can't Run When There's Trouble in the Office: No matter where you stand, no matter how far or fast you flee, when it hits the fan, as much as possible will be propelled in your direction, and almost none will be returned to the source.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	woman, n.: An animal usually living in the vicinity of Man, and having a rudimentary susceptibility to domestication.
off-definitions	nsfw	general	0	Zisla's Law: If you're asked to join a parade, don't march behind the elephants.
off-definitions	nsfw	edgy	1	ignoranus, n.: A person who's both stupid and an asshole.
off-politics	nsfw	edgy	1	A bureaucracy is like a septic tank -- all the really big shits float to the top.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	A chubby man with a white beard and a red suit will approach you soon. Avoid him. He's a Commie.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	A conservative is a man who believes that nothing should be done for the first time.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	A conservative is a man who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	A conservative is a man with two perfectly good legs who has never learned to walk.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	A friendly message from your Internal Revenue Service: tax time is coming again soon. Bend over.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own side in a quarrel.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	A liberal is a person whose interests aren't at stake at the moment.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	A liberal is someone too poor to be a capitalist, and too rich to be a communist.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	A Nixon [is preferable to] a Dean Rusk -- who will be passionately wrong with a high sense of consistency.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	A non-vegetarian anti-abortionist is a contradiction in terms.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	A person who has both feet planted firmly in the air can be safely called a liberal.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	A reactionary is a man whose political opinions always manage to keep up with yesterday.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	A rich man told me recently that a liberal is a man who tells other people what to do with their money.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Aide to Raygun: Sir, the poor are outside protesting your budget cuts. Raygun himself: Tell them they'll have to help themselves. Aide to Raygun: Sir, the Pentagon wants another $30 billion. Raygun himself: Tell them to help themselves.
off-politics	nsfw	nsfw	1	Al Gore resembled a Vulcan desperately in need of a blow job.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	America ... just a nation of two hundred million used car salesman with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	American cars are made shoddily... Cars made overseas are far superior.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile -- hoping that it will eat him last.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Antique fairy tale: Little Red Riding Hood. Modern fairy tale: Oswald, acting alone, shot Kennedy.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Any president should have the right to shoot at least two people a year without explanation.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Anybody has a right to evade taxes if he can get away with it. No citizen has a moral obligation to assist in maintaining his government.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"Approximately 80% of our air pollution stems from hydrocarbons released by vegetation, so let's not go overboard in setting and enforcing tough emissions standards from man-made sources."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	ARCHDUKE FERDINAND FOUND ALIVE
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	As for Carter being for registration but against the draft, isn't that sort of being like for putting it in and not taking it out? Even if it was possible not to follow through, you'd still be getting screwed.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	At twenty-six, Kate, though not promiscuous, had slept with most of the decent men in public life.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Atlee is a very modest man. And with reason.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"Avoid revolution or expect to get shot. Mother and I will grieve, but we will gladly buy a dinner for the National Guardsman who shot you."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Being in politics is like being a football coach. You have to be smart enough to understand the game and dumb enough to think it's important.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Being in the army is like being in the Boy Scouts, except that the Boy Scouts have adult supervision.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Being the #2 man in the Justice Department under Ed Meese is akin to standing next to a lamp post infested with pigeons. -- unamed Justice Department official
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Black people have never rioted. A riot is what white people think blacks are involved in when they burn stores.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"California is proud to be the home of the freeway."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Calvin Coolidge looks as if he had been weaned on a pickle.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Calvin Coolidge was the greatest man who ever came out of Plymouth Corner, Vermont.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Capitalism is the extraordinary belief that the nastiest of men, for the nastiest of reasons, will somehow work for the benefit of us all.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Civilization and profits go hand in hand.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Come home America.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Corrupt, stupid grasping functionaries will make at least as big a muddle of socialism as stupid, selfish and acquisitive employers can make of capitalism.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Democracy can learn some things from Communism: for example, when a Communist politician is through, he is through.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Democracy is also a form of worship. It is the worship of Jackals by Jackasses.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Do you realize the responsibility I carry? I'm the only person standing between Nixon and the White House.
off-politics	nsfw	edgy	1	Doing business with the government is like fucking sheep. It's easy, but it's not very satisfying.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Don't buy a landslide. I don't want to have to pay for one more vote than I have to.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Don't do the crime, if you can't do the time.
off-politics	nsfw	edgy	1	Don't get the idea that I'm one of those goddamn radicals. Don't get the idea that I'm knocking the American system.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Don't knock President Fillmore. He kept us out of Vietnam.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Don't take a nickel, just hand them your business card.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Draft beer, not boys!
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Draft beer, not people.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	During the Reagan-Mondale debates: Q: "Do you feel that a person's age affects his ability to perform as president?" Reagan: "I refuse to make an issue out of my opponent's youth and inexperience."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Even God cannot change the past.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Everlasting peace will come to the world when the last man has slain the last but one.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"First World" nations are the ones where people drive Japanese cars; "Second World" nations are where First World residents go on vacation; and "Third World" nations are the ones where people still dive out of trees to prove their manhood.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"Follow me around. I don't care. I'm serious. If anybody wants to put a tail on me, go ahead. They'd be very bored."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Forgive your enemies, but don't forget their names.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Gaiety is the most outstanding feature of the Soviet Union.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Gary Hart's biggest mistake was not getting Teddy Kennedy to drive Donna Rice home.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	George Washington not only chopped down his father's cherry tree, but he also admitted doing it. Now, do you know why his father didn't punish him? Because George still had the axe in his hand.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Going into politics is as fatal to a gentleman as going into a bordello is fatal to a virgin.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	He wasn't much of an actor, he wasn't much of a Governor -- Hell, they HAD to make him President of the United States. It's the only job he's qualified for!
off-politics	nsfw	edgy	1	He's a son-of-a-bitch, but he's our son-of-a-bitch. -- FDR on Nicaraguan dictator Anastasio Somoza
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Heard tell that the Iron Magnolia wanted to divorce ol' Jimmy. Seems he's screwing everyone but her.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Hell hath no fury like a bureaucrat scorned.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"How do you like the new America? We've cut the fat out of the government, and more recently the heart and brain (the backbone was gone some time ago). All we seem to have left now is muscle. We'll be lucky to escape with our skins!"
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I acted to show my love for Jodie Foster.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I ain't got no quarrel with them Viet Congs.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I am not a crook.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I am not now and never have been a girl friend of Henry Kissinger.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I believe that Ronald Reagan will someday make this country what it once was ... an arctic wilderness.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I belong to no organized party. I am a Democrat.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"I can remember when a good politician had to be 75 percent ability and 25 percent actor, but I can well see the day when the reverse could be true."
off-politics	nsfw	edgy	1	I don't give a shit what happens. I want you all to stonewall it. Let them plead the Fifth Amendment, cover up, or anything else if it'll save the plan.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I don't see what's wrong with giving Bobby a little experience before he starts to practice law.
off-politics	nsfw	edgy	1	I don't think they are going to give a shit about the Republican Committee trying to bug the Democratic Committee's headquarters.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I don't understand what all the fuss was about in Los Angeles. It's not like we looted Brooks Brothers when Oliver North got off.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I go the way that Providence dictates.
off-politics	nsfw	edgy	1	I had never been too political, but I knew how white people treated black people and it was hard for me to come back to the bullshit white people put a black person through in this country. To realize you don't have any power to make things different is a bitch.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I have nothing but utter contempt for the courts of this land.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I have often looked at women and committed adultery in my heart.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I never did give anybody hell. I just told the truth and they thought it was hell.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I never trust a man unless I've got his pecker in my pocket.
off-politics	nsfw	nsfw	1	I regret to say that we of the F.B.I. are powerless to act in cases of oral-genital intimacy, unless it has in some way obstructed interstate commerce.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I shall give a propagandist reason for starting the war, no matter whether it is plausible or not. The victor will not be asked afterwards whether he told the truth or not. When starting and waging war it is not right that matters, but victory.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I think any man in business would be foolish to fool around with his secretary. If it's somebody else's secretary, fine.
off-politics	nsfw	edgy	1	I think every good Christian ought to kick Falwell right in the ass.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I was in accord with the system so long as it permitted me to function effectively.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I would have made a good pope.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I would not like to be a political leader in Russia. They never know when they're being taped.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I'm never through with a girl until I've had her three ways.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I'm not a lovable man.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I'm not sure I've even got the brains to be President.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I'm sorry I missed.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I've got Hubert's pecker in my pocket.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	I've never been hurt by anything I didn't say.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If a man is not a liberal at 25, he has no heart. If he's not a conservative by 45, he has no brain.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If any demonstrator ever lays down in front of my car, it'll be the last car he ever lays down in front of.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If Carter is the answer, it must have been a VERY silly question.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If clear thinking created sparks, we could safely store dynamite in James Watt's office.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If I made peace with Russia today, I'd only attack her again tomorrow. I just couldn't help myself.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If it takes a bloodbath, lets get it over with. No more appeasement.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If people say that here and there someone has been taken away and maltreated, I can only reply: You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If Presidents don't do it to their wives, they do it to the country.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If Reagan is the answer, it must have been a VERY silly question.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If the Nazis had television with satellite technology, we'd all be goose-stepping. Americans are just as suggestible.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"If we relied conclusively on scientific data for every one of our findings, I'm afraid all of our work would be inconclusive."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If you have seen one city slum you have seen them all.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If you think the United States has stood still, who built the largest shopping center in the world?
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If you treat people right they will treat you right -- 90% of the time.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	If you've seen one redwood, you've seen them all.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Imagine me going around with a pot belly. It would mean political ruin.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	In a country where the sole employer is the State, opposition means death by slow starvation. The old principle: Who does not work shall not eat, has been replaced by a new one: Who does not obey shall not eat.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	In any country there must be people who have to die. They are the sacrifices any nation has to make to achieve law and order.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	In the future, there will be fewer but better Russians.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	In this world of sin and sorrow there is always something to be thankful for; as for me, I rejoice that I am not a Republican.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	It is dangerous for a national candidate to say things that people might remember.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	It's easier to be a liberal a long way from home.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	It's our fault. We should have given him better parts.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	John Birch Society -- that pathetic manifestation of organized apoplexy.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Justice is incidental to law and order.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Laissez Faire Economics is the theory that if each acts like a vulture, all will end as doves.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Law enforcement officers should use only the minimum force necessary in dealing with disorders when they arise.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"Lemme show ya the odds, Sparky... In yer country, ya got 14 million black people, and 3 million white people. Now, does the name `Custer' mean anything to you?"
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Liberals are the first to dump you if you con them or get into trouble. Conservatives are better. They never run out on you. -- Joseph "Crazy Joe" Gallo
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"Listen to what I say, not what I mean. I mean ...."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Long ago I proposed that unsuccessful candidates for the Presidency be quietly hanged, as a matter of public sanitation and decorum. The sight of their grief must have a very evil effect upon the young.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Mayor Vincent J. `Buddy' Cianci on the ACLU's suit to have a city nativity scene removed: "They're just jealous because they don't have three wise men and a virgin in the whole organization."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	More people died at Chappaquidick than at 3-mile island.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	More people have died in Ted Kennedy's car than in nuclear power plants.
off-politics	nsfw	edgy	1	"Most legislators are so dumb that they couldn't pour piss out of a boot if the instructions were printed on the heel."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be President, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	My advice to the women's clubs of America is to raise more hell and fewer dahlias.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	My rackets are run on strictly American lines, and they're going to stay that way.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Nancy Reagan wants to divorce old Ron... seems he's making it hard for everyone but her.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	New book out from Gary Hart; "Six Inches from the White House".
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Ninety percent of the politicians give the other ten percent a bad reputation.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	No Marxist can deny that the interests of socialism are higher than the interests of the right of nations to self-determination.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	No television performance takes as much preparation as an off-the-cuff talk.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	[Nuclear war] ... may not be desirable.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Oh, my friend, it is not what they take away from you that counts -- it's what you do with what you have left.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Once at a social gathering, Gladstone said to Disraeli, "I predict, Sir, that you will die either by hanging or of some vile disease." Disraeli replied, "That all depends upon whether I embrace your principles or your mistress."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Our parents were of Midwestern stock and very strict. They didn't want us to grow up to be spoiled and rich. If we left our tennis racquets in the rain, we were punished.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Politics is supposed to be the second oldest profession. I have come to realize that it bears a very close resemblance to the first.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	President Thieu says he'll quit if he doesn't get more than 50% of the vote. In a democracy, that's not called quitting.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	[Prime Minister Joseph] Chamberlain loves the working man -- he loves to see him work.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Reagan can't act either.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Republicans consume three-fourths of the rutabaga produced in this country. The remainder is thrown out.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Richard Nixon was the most dishonest individual I have ever met in my life. He lied to his wife, his family, his friends, his colleagues in the Congress, lifetime members of his own political party, the American people, and the world.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Ronald Reagan -- America's favorite placebo
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Russia has abolished God, but so far God has been more tolerant.
off-politics	nsfw	edgy	1	Seems to me that both the Democrats and the Republicans should change their symbols to a contraceptive device; it stands for inflation, inhibits production, protects a bunch of pricks and gives everyone a false sense of security while they're being screwed.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Senor Castro has been accused of communist sympathies, but this means very little since all opponents of the regime are automatically called communists. In fact he is further to the right than General Batista. -- "Cuba's Rightist Rebel", The Economist, April 26, 1958
off-politics	nsfw	nsfw	1	She hates testicles, thus limiting the men she can admire to Democratic candidates for president.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Sink or Swim with Teddy!
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Sometimes, at the end of the day, when I'm smiling and shaking their hands, I want to kick them.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Sooner or later, generals will own you.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Success is the sole earthly judge of right and wrong.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Support the right of unborn males to bear arms! -- A public service announcement from Phyllis Schlafly, the Catholic Church, and the National Rifle Association
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Sure there are dishonest men in local government. But there are dishonest men in national government too.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Sure, Reagan has promised to take senility tests. But what if he forgets?
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"Taxes should hurt. I just mailed my own tax return last night and I am prepared to say `ouch!' as loud as anyone."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Teddy Kennedy: A Blonde in Every Pond!
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Thank God I've always avoided persecuting my enemies.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	That segment of the community with which one has the greatest sympathy as a liberal, inevitably turns out to be one of the most narrow-minded and bigoted segments of the community.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The American system of ours, call it Americanism, call it Capitalism, call it what you like, gives each and every one of us a great opportunity if we only seize it with both hands and make the most of it.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The Army has carried the American ... ideal to its logical conclusion. Not only do they prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, creed and color, but also on ability.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"The Army is a place where you get up early in the morning to be yelled at by people with short haircuts and tiny brains."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The broad mass of a nation... will more easily fall victim to a big lie than to a small one.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The conservation movement is a breeding ground of Communists and other subversives. We intend to clean them out, even if it means rounding up every bird watcher in the country.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The difference between a misfortune and a calamity? If Gladstone fell into the Thames, it would be a misfortune. But if someone dragged him out again, it would be a calamity.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The fact that Hitler was a political genius unmasks the nature of politics in general as no other can.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The government of the United States is not in any sense founded on the Christian Religion.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The great nations have always acted like gangsters and the small nations like prostitutes.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a little longer.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The language of politics is poetry, not prose. Jackson is poetry. Cuomo is poetry. Dukakis is a word processor.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The liberals can understand everything but people who don't understand them.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The longer I am out of office, the more infallible I appear to myself.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The marriage of Marxism and feminism has been like the marriage of husband and wife depicted in English common law: Marxism and feminism are one, and that one is marxism.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	[The members of the Chamberlain government] are decided only to be undecided, resolved to be irresolute, adamant for drift, all-powerful for impotency.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The Moscow Evening News advertised a contest for the best political joke. First prize was ten years in prison; second prize, five years; third prize, three years; and there were six honorable mentions of one year each.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The notion that the church, the press, and the universities should serve the state is essentially a Communist notion ... In a free society these institutions must be wholly free -- which is to say that their function is to serve as checks upon the state.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The only way I can lose this election is if I'm caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"The policeman isn't there to create disorder. The policeman is there to preserve disorder."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The problem with me is that I am fifty or one hundred years ahead of my time. My speed is very fast. Some ministers have had to drop out of my government because they could not keep up.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The problems with "Medflies" may have hurt Jerry Brown's chances to become a Senator. After all, if they won't allow California fruit out of the state, how is Brown going to get to Washington?
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The right to be heard does not automatically include the right to be taken seriously.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The right to be let alone is indeed the beginning of all freedom.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The right to revolt has sources deep in our history.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The rights you have are the rights given you by this Committee [the House Un-American Activities Committee]. We will determine what rights you have and what rights you have not got.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The Russians have put a small ball up in the air. That does not raise my apprehensions one iota.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"The State of California has no business subsidizing intellectual curiosity."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The streets are safe in Philadelphia, it's only the people who make them unsafe.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The United States also has its native Fascists who say that they are "100 percent American" ...
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The very first essential for success is a perpetually constant and regular employment of violence.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The VFW represents many who died to give this country a second chance to make it what it is supposed to be -- God's guest house on earth.
off-politics	nsfw	edgy	1	"The voters have spoken, the bastards ..."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The War on Drugs is just a small part of the War on the United States Constitution.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	The warning message we sent the Russians was a calculated ambiguity that would be clearly understood.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	There are also a lot of nice buildings in Haiphong. What their contributions are to the war effort I don't know, but the desire to bomb a virgin building is terrific.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	There is a new anti-communist organization that advocates the use of wooden toilet seats. It's called the Birch John Society.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	There is a road to freedom. Its milestones are Obedience, Endeavor, Honesty, Order, Cleanliness, Sobriety, Truthfulness, Sacrifice, and love of the Fatherland.
off-politics	nsfw	edgy	1	"There was only six Democrats in all of Hinsdale County and you, you son of a bitch, you ate five of them." -- Colorado judge, sentencing Alfred E. Packer for cannibalism in 1874.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	These activities have their own rules and methods of concealment which seek to mislead and obscure.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	They say it's the responsibility of the media to look at government -- especially the president -- with a microscope. I don't argue with that, but when they use a proctoscope, it's going too far.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Those who make peaceful revolution impossible will make violent revolution inevitable.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Three things have been difficult to tame: The oceans, fools, and women. We may soon be able to tame the ocean. Fools and women will take a little longer.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Tip O'Neill is just like Congress; old, fat and out of control.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"To be responsive at this time, though I will simply say, and therefore this is a repeat of what I said previously, that which I am unable to offer in response is based on information available to make no such statement."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	To defend the Saigon regime is not worth one more human life.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	To jaw-jaw is better than to war-war.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	To the best of my recollection, Senator, I can't recall.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Tom Hayden is the kind of politician who gives opportunism a bad name.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Uncle Sam comes off as the perverted relative who'll offer you a bit of candy, but if you won't bend over for him, you get a beating.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under Communism, it's just the opposite."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Uppers are no longer stylish, methedrine is almost as rare as pure acid or DMT. "Consciousness Expansion" went out with LBJ and it is worth noting, historically, that downers came in with Nixon.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Vote early and vote often.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Waldheimer's disease is what you have when you can't remember you were a Nazi.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Washington [D.C.] is a city of Southern efficiency and Northern charm.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Washington, D.C. Wasting your money since 1810.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	We are going to give a little something, a few little years more, to socialism, because socialism is defunct. It dies all by itself. The bad thing is that socialism, being a victim of its ... Did I say socialism?
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	We are going to have peace even if we have to fight for it.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	We are the unwilling... led by the unqualified... to do the unnecessary... for the ungrateful... -- GI in Vietnam, 1970
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	We are upping our standards ... so up yours.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	We cannot put the face of a person on a stamp unless said person is deceased. My suggestion, therefore, is that you drop dead.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	We could do that, but it would be wrong, that's for sure.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	We could nuke Baghdad into glass, wipe it with Windex, tie fatback on our feet and go skating.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	We don't have to protect the environment -- the Second Coming is at hand.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	We have no scorched earth policy. We have a policy of scorched Communists.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	We must remember that in time of war what is said on the enemy's side of the front is always propaganda and what is said on our side of the front is truth and righteousness, the cause of humanity and a crusade for peace.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"We should declare war on North Vietnam. We could pave the whole country and put parking strips on it, and still be home by Christmas."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	We should keep the Panama Canal. After all, we stole it fair and square.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	What did Mickey Mouse get for Christmas? A Dan Quayle watch.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	What is the difficulty with writing a PDP-8 program to emulate Jerry Ford? Figuring out what to do with the other 3K.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	What luck for the rulers that men do not think.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"When are you BUTTHEADS gonna learn that you can't oppose Gestapo tactics *with* Gestapo tactics?"
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	When I grow up, I want to be an honest lawyer so things like that can't happen.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	When more and more people are thrown out of work, unemployment results.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	When the President does it, that means it is not illegal.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"White House carpenters have reworked the master bedroom, remodeling it so that Ronnie can sleep with his head in the hall. That way, by the time he wakes up, somebody will have already shined his hair."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	Who can take the demands of the SDS seriously?
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	"Yes, that was Richard Nixon. He used to be President. When he left the White House, the Secret Service would count the silverware."
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	You can build a throne out of bayonets, but you can't sit on it for very long.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	You can't depend on the man who made the mess to clean it up.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	You can't underestimate the power of fear.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	You couldn't even prove the White House staff sane beyond a reasonable doubt.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	You guys have been practicing discrimination for years. Now it's our turn.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	You know very well that whether you are on page one or page thirty depends on whether [the press] fear you. It is just as simple as that.
off-politics	nsfw	general	0	You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the struggle for independence.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Did you know that some people your age have sex thirty-seven times in a week? And die immediately after?
off-riddles	nsfw	nsfw	1	Did you know that Spiro Agnew is an anagram of "Grow a Penis"?
off-riddles	nsfw	nsfw	1	Did you know that there are 71.9 acres of nipple tissue in the U.S.?
off-riddles	nsfw	edgy	1	He: "Hey, Baby, I'd sure like to get in your pants!" She: "No, thanks, I've already got one asshole in there now."
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	He: Am I... am I your first? She: Well, honey, I could have sworn your face looked familiar...
off-riddles	nsfw	edgy	1	He: So, what do you say to little fuck? She: I say, "get lost, little fuck."
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... one penile desensitizer that's so effective that you have to stroke the tube for five minutes to get the cap off?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the 97-year-old prostitute who got herself listed in the Yellow Pages and now claims to be the oldest trick in the book?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the absent minded nurse who made the patient without disturbing the bed?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the absent minded sculptor who put his model to bed and started chiseling on his wife?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the absent-minded exhibitionist who was arrested for exposing his whatchamacalit?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the ambitious secretary who walked into her boss's office and demanded a salary on next week's advance?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the Ayatollah Khomeini Doll? Wind it up and it takes Ken and Barbie hostage.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the basketball player who was so tall that his girlfriend had to go up on him?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the butcher who dropped his cleaver and went home half-cocked?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the careless canary that did it for a lark?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the careless contortionist who accidentally swallowed his pride?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the cinema buff that's very excited by current trends in films? The hero still gets the girl in the end, but he's never sure which end it will be.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the compulsive gambler who drove to Las Vegas, pulled up to a parking meter, put a dime in -- and lost his car?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the couple on the stalled elevator who got off between floors?
off-riddles	nsfw	nsfw	1	Hear about... the cross-eyed shoe fetishist who was always getting off on the wrong foot?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the doctor that prescribed sex for insommia? His patients didn't get any more sleep, but they had more fun staying awake.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the drunken midget who walked into a home for girls and kissed everybody in the joint?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the elderly gentleman who was stung on the privates by a bee and asked the doctor to relieve the pain but leave the swelling?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the Eskimo girl who spent the night with her boyfriend and next morning found she was six months pregnant?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the farmer who couldn't keep his hands off his wife so he fired them?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... The fellow who chased his girlfriend up a tree and kissed her between the limbs?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the fellow who got ten years for pumping Ethyl behind the station?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the fellow who maintains a special register of particularly accommodating girls? He refers to it as his little blew book.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the fellow who was descended from a long line his mother heard?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the fellow who, upon being told by his shrewish wife that she would dance on his grave, promptly provided for a burial at sea?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the female activist who went berserk during a demonstration and attacked a karate-trained cop with a deadly weapon. She ended up a chopped libber?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the fine, upstanding young woman who's wonderful laying down?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the freaky WAC who was court-martialed for contributing to the delinquency of a major?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the French soldier who kissed his wife's cheeks before he went to the front?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the freshman coed who decided not to sign up for a course in sex education when she heard the final exam would be oral?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the frustrated musician who worked all week on an arrangement and then his wife didn't leave town?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the fun-loving young lady who insists she won't even consider marriage until she's gotten some experience under her belt?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the gay tattoo artist who had designs on several of the local sailors?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the girl that wanted to impress her new boyfriend, so she put on her low-cut dress to show him a thing or two?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the girl who called her boyfriend Amaretto, 'cause he was such a sweet liquor?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the girl who was so undesirable that she even turned her vibrator off?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the girl with the big wardrobe who started with just a little slip?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the guru who refused Novacain while having a tooth pulled because he wanted to transcend dental medication?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the guy who couldn't find his way to the orgy -- you might say he lost his ball bearings?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the guy who had his vasectomy done by Sears? Every time he gets a hard-on, the garage door goes up.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the guy who took a course in exotic lovemaking and announced that he'd never be able to face his girl again?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the guy who was an incurable romantic until penicillin came along?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the guy who was so well endowed that he had a fiveskin?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the guy who wore a tux to his vasectomy, because he figured that if he was going to be impotent he might as well look impotent.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the handsome bachelor Senator who hired a ravishing blonde as his assistant and then made her the object of a long Congressional probe?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the high school drum major who dated two of the majorettes and so enjoyed the breasts of both whirlers?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the hurricane that recently struck Fire Island
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the inexperienced stenographer who discovered that she could lose a lot more than letters behind the files?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the insurance salesman who says his greatest successes are with young housewives who aren't adequately covered?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the little boy that found a fifty cent piece, so he went home for some money?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the loner who gave up his solitary vice for Lent? Except on Palm Sunday, of course.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the man who never worried about his marriage until he moved from New York to California and discovered that he still had the same milkman?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the mother of 12 who was called upon to use her diaphragm so often that she kept it tacked to the headboard of her bed?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the new breakfast cereal called "Swingers". They don't go snap, crackle, or pop; they just lie there and go bang, bang, bang?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the new breakfast cereal called Queerios? You simply add milk and they eat each other.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the new German microwave oven? Seats 500.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the new instrument of credit especially designed for use in Los Angeles single bars? It's called Bang Americard.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the new rule at the girls' school? Lights out by ten, candles by eleven.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the new sorority girl doll? You put a ring on her finger and her hips expand.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the new vitamin made from chicken blood? It makes men cocky and women lay better.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the nurse they thought had drowned until they found her under the doc?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the nymphomaniac teenager popularly known as Little Often Annie?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the over-eager bride who came, walking down the aisle?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the perverted australian who left his wife and returned to Sydney?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the pessimistic historian whose latest book has chapter headings that read "World War One","World War Two" and "Watch This Space"?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the plastic surgeon who hung himself?
off-riddles	nsfw	edgy	1	Hear about... the poor Greek fisherman who got his upper torso wedged into a porthole and couldn't get out to save his ass?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the real smart girl who could play post-office all night without getting any mail in her box?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the recent cigarette survey that disclosed that 99% of the men who have tried Camels have gone back to women?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the San Franciscan who backed off the bus because he thought someone would grab his seat?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the secretary that got fired because she had one too mini?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the sultan who had ten wives, nine of them had it soft.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the swinger who labelled his little black book "Future Shack"?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the tight end who got two years for possession and came out a wide receiver?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the truck driver who pulled out to avoid a child and fell off the sofa?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the ultimate in singles bars. It's a place where girls have to show their I.U.D.'s to be admitted?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the wild office Christmas party in a completely automated company -- the photocopier got drunk and tried to undo the typewriter's ribbon?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the woman who says two martinis usually make her feel like a new man?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the young lady attacked in San Francisco? By two men, one held her down while the other one did her hair.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear about... the young thing who is fondly known to the men in the office as Secretariat -- not just because she's a good secretary but because she's a wonderful mount?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear that... bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous Census Taker"? It's about a guy who comes once every ten years.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear that... the Masters and Johnson clinic may well be the only organization in the world from which a man resigns when he becomes a member in good standing?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear that... the only thing worse than coming home with lipstick on your collar is being caught with leg make-up on your ears?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear that... the Pope's next pronouncement on birth control is to be titled "Paul's Epistle to the Fallopians"?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear that... there's an establishment near the White House that caters to kinky tastes? There's a House whip in attendance, of course?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear that... they cancelled Easter this year? Found the body.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Hear that... those new edible candy pants are about to be distributed in a male version -- with nuts of course?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	If being bi increases your chance of getting a date, does being poly increase your chance of getting dumped?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	If girls are all sugar and spice, why do they taste like anchovies?
off-riddles	nsfw	nsfw	1	If God hadn't intended man to eat pussy, would He have made it look like a taco?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	If guns are outlawed, how will we shoot the liberals?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	If Helen Keller is alone in a forest and falls, does she make a sound?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	If you were attacked by a homosexual, would you beat him off?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	If you're really into astrology, tell me, what happens when Mercury is in the Fish, and Jupiter enters the Virgin?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q. How do you keep an Aggie busy at a terminal? A. While he's not looking, switch it to "local".
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q. What do you call a TV set that fixes itself? A. A Christian Science Monitor.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q. What's the capital of Canada? A. American.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q. What's the difference between Los Angeles and yogurt? A. Yogurt has a living, active culture.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: An English mathematician (I forgot who) was asked by his very religious colleague: Do you believe in one God? A: Yes, up to isomorphism!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Do you know how to tell a Polack at a cockfight? A: He's the only one with a duck. Q: Do you know how to tell an Aggie at a cockfight? A: He's the only one who bets on the duck. Q: And do you know how to tell the Mafia is at the cockfight? A: The duck wins!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Have you ever been picked up by the fuzz? A: No, but I bet it hurts like hell.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Have you heard about the man who didn't pay for his exorcism? A: He got re-possessed!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Heard about the <ethnic> who couldn't spell? A: He spent the night in a warehouse.
off-riddles	nsfw	nsfw	1	Q: How can a real man tell when his girl friend's having an orgasm? A: Real men don't care.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How can we get the Beatles to reunite for one more concert? A: With three more bullets.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How can you tell if a woman is ticklish? A: Give her a couple of test tickles.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How can you tell if an elephant is having an affair with your wife? A: You have to wait 22 months.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How can you tell if an elephant is sitting on your back in a hurricane? A: You can hear his ears flapping in the wind.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How can you tell the bride at a WASP wedding? A: She's the one kissing the golden retriever.
off-riddles	nsfw	edgy	1	Q: How can you tell when a Polish girl's been sucking cock? A: She has a mouthful of feathers.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How can you tell when a WASP is sexually aroused? A: By the stiff upper lip.
off-riddles	nsfw	nsfw	1	Q: How can you tell when your girlfriend has had an orgasm? A: Who cares?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How did Hellen Keller burn the side of her face? A: She answered the iron. Q: How did she burn the other side of her face? A: They called back.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How did the elephant get to the top of the oak tree? A: He sat on a acorn and waited for spring. Q: But how did he get back down? A: He crawled out on a leaf and waited for autumn.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How do you fit 1000 dead babies into a phone booth? A: Cusinart. Q: How do you get them back out? A: Doritos.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How do you get a woman to stop having sex with you? A: Propose.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How do you hide an elephant in a cherry tree? A: Paint his balls red and his toenails green. Q: Ever see an elephant in a cherry tree? A: No -- so it must work pretty well! Q: How did Tarzan die? A: Picking cherries!!!
off-riddles	nsfw	nsfw	1	Q: How do you know when it's time to wash the dishes? A: Look inside your pants; if you have a penis, it's not time.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How do you know when you're in the <ethnic> section of Vermont? A: The maple sap buckets are hanging on utility poles.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How do you know your elephant had her period? A: There's a nickel on your dresser and your mattress is missing.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How do you make a dead baby float? A: With 2 scoops of dead baby and some rootbeer.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How do you make an elephant float? A: You get two scoops of elephant and some rootbeer...
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How do you pick up a quarter off of Polk Street? A: Kick it over to Van Ness.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How do you tell if an Elephant has been making love in your backyard? A: If all your trashcan liners are missing ...
off-riddles	nsfw	edgy	1	Q: How do you tell that your roommate's gay? A: When his cock tastes like shit.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How does a girl know she's sleeping with a Computer Scientist? A: It isn't hard.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How does a mink get babies? A: The same way babes get minks.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How does a single woman in New York get rid of cockroaches? A: She asks them for a commitment.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How does a WASP propose marriage? A: "How would you like to be buried with my people?"
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How many Aggies does it take to eat an armadillo? A: Three, one to eat it, and two to watch for traffic.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How many Christians does it take to change a light bulb? A: Three, but they're really only one.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How many Democrats does it take to enjoy a good joke? A: One more than you can find.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A: NONE! AND THAT'S NOT FUNNY!! Q: How many Radcliffe girls does it take to change a light bulb? A: It's "Women"... AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How many heterosexual males does it take to screw in a light bulb, in San Fransisco? A: Both of them.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How many lesbians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A: Ten. One to do it, and nine to talk about how gratifying it was without a man.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How many people from New Jersey does it take to change a light bulb? A: Three. One to do it, one to watch, and the third to shoot the witness.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How many pre-meds does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Five: One to change the bulb and four to pull the ladder out from under him.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How many right-to-lifers does it take to change a light bulb? A: Two. One to screw it in and one to say that light started when the screwing began.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: How much money do you give to a 900 foot Jesus? A: As much as he wants.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: If Tarzan was Jewish, and Jane was a princess, what would Cheetah be? A: A fur coat.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What can you use used tampons for? A: Tea bags for vampires.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What did Jesus tell the Aggies? A: Play dumb until the second coming.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What did Snow white say when told she was pregnant? A: "I'd like to thank all the little people who made this possible..." Presumably this all started that evening when she was feeling Happy...
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What did the little ghetto-dweller get for Christmas? A: Your bicycle.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do a walrus and a tupperware container have in common? A: They both like a tight seal.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do elephants use instead of tampons? A: Sheep. Well, they used to, anyway. There have been so many cases of Toxic Flock Syndrome recently that their ewes has been discouraged. Q: Why do elephants have trunks? A: Sheep don't have strings.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do two WASPs say after making love? A: Thank you very much. It'll never happen again.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do WASPs do instead of making love? A: Rule the country.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you call a brunette between two blondes? A: An interpreter. Q: Why do blondes have square breasts? A: They forgot to take the tissues out of the box. Q: What do you call ten blondes in a row? A: A wind tunnel.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you call a dog with no legs? A: What does it matter? He can't come anyway. [I've got a dog with no legs -- I call him Cigarette. Every night, I take him out for a drag. Ed.]
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you call a group of kids with low IQ's, drinking diet cola, eating fruit, and singing? A: The Moron Tab and Apple Choir.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you call a million cats at the bottom of Lake Michigan? A: A good start.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you call a monk who has had a sex change operation? A: A transsister.
off-riddles	nsfw	edgy	1	Q: What do you call a truck load of vibrators? A: Toys for twats.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you call a woman who can suck a golf ball through 50 feet of garden hose? A1: Darling. A2: Often!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you call couples that use that rhythm method? A: Parents.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you call someone with herpes, AIDS, syphilis, and gonorrhea? A: An incurable romantic.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you do if an Irishman throws a pin at you? A: Run like hell, he's got a grenade in his mouth!!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you do with an elephant with three balls? A: Walk him and pitch to the rhino.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you get when cross a lawyer with a sorority girl?? A: A woman that, when she goes down on you, gets blood.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you get when you cross a computer and a JAP (Jewish American Princess)? A: A computer that won't go down.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a JAP (Jewish American Princess) and a baby elephant? A: About 10 pounds. Q: How do you make them the same? A: Force feed the elephant.
off-riddles	nsfw	nsfw	1	Q: What do you get when you cross a pit bull with a prostitute? A: Your last blowjob.
off-riddles	nsfw	edgy	1	Q: What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole? A: A thirty foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone!
off-riddles	nsfw	edgy	1	Q: What do you get when you cross an onion with a donkey? A: Well, most of the time you get an onion with big ears, but every once in a while you get a piece of ass that will bring tears to your eyes...
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you get when you cross James Dean with Ronald Reagan? A: A rebel without a clue.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you get when you stuff a flaming stick down a rabbit-hole? A: Hot cross bunnies!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you have if you have a moth ball in one hand and a moth ball in the other hand? A: One hell of a big moth!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What does a blonde do first thing in the morning? A: She goes home. Q: Why does blonde have fur on the hem of her dress? A: To keep her neck warm. Q: How do you make a blonde laugh on Monday? A: Tell her a joke on Friday.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What goes Click. "Did I get it?" Click. "Did I get it?" Click. "Did I get it?" Click. "Did I get it?" A: Stevie Wonder doing the Rubik's Cube.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What goes green, red, green, red, pink, pink, pink? A: A frog in a blender. Q: What do you get if you add 2 eggs to it?? A: Frognogg. If you drink it, you croak.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What goes red, white, red, white, pink, pink, pink? A: Baby in a blender. Q: Why do you put a baby in a blender feet first? A: So you can watch the expression on its little face.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What goes: Sis! Boom! Baaaaah! A: Exploding sheep.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What is green and comes in Brownies? A: Boy Scouts.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What is Smoorplay? A: What Smurfs do before they smuck!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What is the difference between snow-men and snow-women? A: Snowballs!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What is the last thing a Kansas stripper takes off? A: Her bowling shoes.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What is the mating call of a blonde? A: I think I'm drunk. Q: What's the call of a disappointed blonde? A: I *said*, I *think* I'm drunk! Q: What is the mating call of the ugly blonde? A: (Screaming) "I said: I'm drunk!"
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What is the worst story Helen Keller ever read? A: A cheese grater.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's a JAP's (Jewish American Princess) dream house? A: Fourteen rooms in Scarsdale, no kitchen, no bedroom.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's black and white and red all over and can't go through revolving doors? A: A nun with a javelin through her head.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's black and white and red all over? A: Half a nun.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's black and white and red all over? A: Two nuns in a chainsaw fight.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's bruised, bleeding, and lies in a ditch? A: Somebody who tells Aggie jokes.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's invisible and smells like carrots? A: Bunny farts.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's Jewish foreplay? A: Two hours of begging.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's meaner than a pit bull with AIDS? A: The guy that gave it to him.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's more fearsome than a grizzly bear with AIDS? A: The guy he got it from.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's red and covered with little dents? A: Snow White's cherry.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's the difference between "Oooh" and "Aaah"? A: About three inches.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a cocker spaniel and a doberman pinscher humping your leg? A: You let the doberman finish.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a dog and a fox? A: About four drinks.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a hold-up and a stick-up? A: Age.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a man and a toilet? A: A toilet doesn't follow you around for a week after you flush it.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a man and the weekend? A: The weekend never comes too soon.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a RHU cheerleader and a whale? A: The moustache.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a sorority girl and a fast car? A: Not everyone's been in a fast car.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer? A: The taste.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's the difference between erotic and kinky? A: Erotic is when you use a feather. Kinky is when you use the whole bird...
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's the difference between George Washington, Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan? A: One always told the truth, one always lied, and one can't tell the difference.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's the difference between hard and dark? A: It stays dark all night.
off-riddles	nsfw	edgy	1	Q: What's the last thing that goes through a grasshopper's mind when he hits your windshield? A: His ass. Q. What's the second-to-last thing to go through a grasshopper's mind when he hits your windshield? A. Oh, SHIT!!
off-riddles	nsfw	nsfw	1	Q: What's the worst thing about being an atheist? A: No one to talk to when you're having an orgasm.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's white and crawls up your leg? A: Uncle Ben's Perverted Rice.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper? A: Getting fingered by Captain Hook!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Where can you buy black lace crotchless panties for sheep? A: Fredrick's of Ithaca, New York.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Where does Catwoman go for a good time? A: To the batpoles, Robin!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Where does virgin wool come from? A: Ugly sheep.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why are babies born with soft spots on their heads? A: So you can pick 'em up five at a time.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why can't Hellen Keller have children? A: Because she's dead.
off-riddles	nsfw	edgy	1	Q: Why did Captain Kirk piss on the bridge? A: He wanted to boldly go where no man had gone before!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why did God invent booze? A: So ugly men could get laid too.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why did Hellen Keller go all the way on her first date? A: She'd never been taught to say no.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why did Ted Kennedy report the accident 8 hours after Mary Jo Kopechne drowned? A: Do you have any idea how hard it is to dress a woman underwater?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why did the blonde climb over the glass wall? A: To see what was on the other side. Q: Why do blondes like tilt steering wheels? A: More head room. Q: How does a blonde turn on the light after having sex? A: She opens the car door.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why did the epileptic cross the road? A: He couldn't help it. Q: What do you do if an epileptic has a seizure in the bathtub? A: Throw in the dirty clothes and some laundry detergent.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why did the mathematician name his dog "Cauchy"? A: Because he left a residue at every pole.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why do dogs lick their balls? A: 'Cause they can! (Real answer: 'Cause they can't curl their little paws into fists...)
off-riddles	nsfw	nsfw	1	Q: Why do elephants wear springs on their feet? A: So they can jump into trees and rape mice. Q: What is the most fearsome sound in the world to a mouse? A: BOING!! BOING!! BOING!!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why do men die before their wives? A: They want to.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why do men marry women? A: You can't teach sheep to do housework.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why do mice have such small balls? A: Very few of them know how to dance!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why do Scotsmen wear kilts? A: Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
off-riddles	nsfw	nsfw	1	Q: Why do women have vaginas? A: So when they're drunk, you can carry them like a six-pack.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why do women love Pacman? A: Only place you can get eaten three times for a quarter.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why does an elephant have 4 feet? A: Because 8 inches isn't enough.
off-riddles	nsfw	nsfw	1	Q: Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand? A: So she can moan with the other!
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why don't blind people skydive? A: It scares the dogs! Q: How can a blind skydiver tell when he is near the ground? A: The leash goes slack.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why don't blondes eat pickles? A: Because they get their head stuck in the jars. Q: Why do blondes wear underwear? A: To keep their ankles warm. Q: How do you kill a blonde? A: Put spikes in her shoulder pads.
off-riddles	nsfw	edgy	1	Q: Why is Mrs. Carter always on top when she and Jimmy make love? A: Because all Jimmy Carter can do is fuck up.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why is Sister Pat the way she is? A: Because when she was 16, a group of boys tied her up and gang-rejected her.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks? A: It takes too long to retrain them. Q: What's the mating call of the brunette? A: All the blondes have gone home! Q: How do you tell if a blonde's been using the computer? A: There's white-out on the screen.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: Why was Cinderella banished from the Magic Kingdom? A: For sitting on Pinocchio's face and screaming, "Tell the truth! Tell a lie! Tell the truth! Tell a lie!"
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What's the difference between VMS and PMS? A1: PMS is only a problem for some people. A2: PMS is only a problem for part of the month. A3: The drugstore has remedies for PMS. A4: People with PMS get sympathy. A5: People with PMS don't wish they were UNIX.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you say to a Puerto Rican in a three-piece suit? A: Will the defendant please rise?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	What do hookers do on their nights off, type?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	What's on the floor of the old hen-house? Doo-doo, doo-doo.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Why is it that there are so many more horses' asses than there are horses?
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What does friendship among Soviet nationalities mean? A: It means that the Armenians take the Russians by the hand; the Russians take the Ukrainians by the hand; the Ukranians take the Uzbeks by the hand; and they all go and beat up the Jews.
off-riddles	nsfw	general	0	Q: What do you call 15 blondes in a circle? A: A dope ring. Q: Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails? A: To cover up the valve stem.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	A GOOD WAY TO THREATEN somebody is to light a stick of dynamite. Then you call the guy and hold the burning fuse to the phone. "Hear that?" you say. "That's dynamite, baby."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	A truly wise woman never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Always run from a knife and rush a gun.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	An encounter with a beautiful woman is good medicine for the well organized logical mind -- a little jolt never hurt. Note that the anarchists have been saying this for years about the A-bomb and civilization.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it that was very pleasurable - until I realized it wasn't a nectarine at all, but A HUMAN HEAD!!
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	At social gatherings, I would amuse everyone by standing uponst the coffee table and striking meself repeatedly upon the head with a brick.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	"Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think Abraham Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today? (1) Writing his memoirs of the Civil War. (2) Advising the President. (3) Desperately clawing at the inside of his coffin."
off-black-humor	nsfw	edgy	1	Bitch, bitch, bitch -- That's all I ever hear, Ever since the dog ate the baby, "Get rida the dog, get rida the dog."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Blood flows down one leg and up the other.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Blood is thicker than water, and much tastier.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	"By the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began to suspect 'Hungry' ..."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Crush! Kill! Destroy!
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Cut a man's hand when you fight him. He'll freeze, fascinated by the sight of his own blood. That's when you stick him in the throat.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis.
off-black-humor	nsfw	nsfw	1	Dammit, how many times do I have to tell you? FIRST you rape, THEN you pillage!!
off-black-humor	nsfw	edgy	1	Damned if I know. And you can be fuckin' sure I'll never rent no car from Avis again.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Dessert is probably the most important stage of the meal, since it will be the last thing your guests remember before they pass out all over the table.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Dig it, first they killed those pigs, then they ate dinner in the same room with them, then they even shoved a fork in a victim's stomach. Wild!
off-black-humor	nsfw	nsfw	1	Does it rape elephants?
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Don't crush that dwarf, hand me the pliers!
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Driving in Texas is simple. For the first 100 miles you swerve to avoid jackrabbits. For the second 100 miles you hit whatever jackrabbits get in the way. After that you chase off into the brush after them.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Eat one live toad the first thing in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day. [Well, actually, to either of you... Ed.]
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Eat the rich -- the poor are tough and stringy.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Even popularity can be overdone. In Rome, along at first, you are full of regrets that Michaelangelo died; but by and by you only regret that you didn't see him do it.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Every suicide is a solution to a problem.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Fine day to throw a party. Throw him as far as you can.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	FOR SALE: Parachute. Used once. Never opened. Slightly Stained.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS! #6 RAZORBACK: Paul Harbride, 1984, 2 hours 25 min. One of the great Australian films of the early 1980's, and arguably the best movie ever made about a large, man-eating hog. Some violence. With Gregory Harrison.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #11 MONOPOLI: Peter Weir's classic film examining the false heroism of parlour games. The powerful ending of the film sees one young man after another charge toward GO, only to senselessly lose his life on the Boardwalk property.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	FORTUNE PRESENTS FAMOUS LAST WORDS: #4 Socrates: I DRANK WHAT!?!? Tarzan: Who greased the grape viiiiiiiiiiiinnnneee........ Al Capone: There's a violin in my violin case! Pilot, TWA Fl. #343: What's a mountain goat doing 'way up here?
off-black-humor	nsfw	edgy	1	God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to change the things we can, and wisdom to hide the bodies of the slobs we have to kill for pissing us off ...
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Goldfish... what stupid animals. Even Wayne Cody stops eating before he bursts.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Groundhog Day has been observed only once in Los Angeles because when the groundhog came out of its hole, it was killed by a mudslide.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Guns don't kill people. Bullets kill people.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Happy is the child whose father died rich.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Have you flogged your kid today?
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	He heard the snick of a rifle bolt and found himself peering down the muzzle of a weapon held by a drunken liquor store owner -- "There's a conflict," he said, "there's a conflict between land and people... the people have to go..."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	He is useless on top of the ground; he ought to be under it, inspiring the cabbages.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	He was the sort of person whose personality would be greatly improved by a terminal illness.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	He was the world's only armless sculptor. He put the chisel in his mouth and his wife hit him on the back of the head with a mallet.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	He's got the heart of a little child, and he keeps it in a jar on his desk.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	"Heard you were moving your piano, so I came over to help." "Thanks. Got it upstairs already." "Do it alone?" "Nope. Hitched the cat to it." "How would that help?" "Used a whip."
off-black-humor	nsfw	nsfw	1	Help Stamp Out Rape! (Say Yes.)
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	HERE'S A GOOD JOKE to do during an earthquake. Straddle a big crack in the earth and if it opens wider, go, "Whoa! Whoa!" and flap your arms around as if you're going to fall.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Hire the handicapped -- they're fun to watch!
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Home of Doberman Propulsion Laboratories: The ultimate in watchdog weaponry.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	How to Raise Your I.Q. by Eating Gifted Children -- Book title by Lewis B. Frumkes
off-black-humor	nsfw	edgy	1	"How'd you get that flat?" "Ran over a bottle." "Didn't you see it?" "Damn kid had it under his coat."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	I can't stand this proliferation of paperwork. It's useless to fight the forms. You've got to kill the people producing them.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	I collect rare photographs... I have two... One of Houdini locking his keys in his car... the other is a rare picture of Norman Rockwell beating up a child.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	I could never learn to like her -- except on a raft at sea with no other provisions in sight.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	I GUESS OF ALL MY UNCLES, I liked Uncle Caveman the best. We called him Uncle Caveman because he lived in a cave and because sometimes he'd eat one of us. Later, we found out he was a bear.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	I GUESS WE WERE ALL GUILTY, in a way. We shot him, we skinned him, and we all got a complimentary bumper sticker that said, "I helped skin Bob."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	I had a dream that all the victims of The Pill came back...boy, were they mad!
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	I had to hit him -- he was starting to make sense.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	I have a very firm grasp on reality! I can reach out and strangle it any time!
off-black-humor	nsfw	edgy	1	"I know a life of crime led me to this sorry state. I blame society. Society made me what I am today!" "That's bullshit Archie. You're just a young suburban punk like me." "It still... hurts... auugghh!" "You're going to be okay..." "...gurgle..." "... maybe not."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	I wrecked trains because I like to see people die. I like to hear them scream.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	"I'm terribly sorry, sir," the novice barber apologized, after badly nicking a customer. "Let me wrap your head in a towel." "That's all right," said the customer. "I'll just take it home under my arm."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	I've never struck a woman in my life, not even my own mother.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	IF A KID ASKS YOU where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is, "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is, "Probably because of something you did."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	If every kid had a funny tooth to bite down on whenever the world disappointed him, prussic acid could solve our population problems in one generation.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	... If forced to travel on an airplane, try and get in the cabin with the Captain, so you can keep an eye on him and nudge him if he falls asleep or point out any mountains looming up ahead ...
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on television with pool cues, who would win? (1) Ricky Schroder (2) Gary Coleman (3) The television viewing public
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were swimming.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	If you guys have a beef with her, that's her problem. Don't lay it on me. The old lady has to take care of her own weight.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	If you laid all the Elvis impersonators in the world, end to end... you'd wanna run and get a steam roller, real fast.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	If you look rather casual with the knife when you flick it open, people don't like it.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	If you love something, set it free. If it comes back to you, it'll be yours forever. If it doesn't, hunt it down and shoot it with an AK 47
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	"If you're a real good kid, I'll give you a piggy-back ride on a buzz-saw."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's real embarrassing if someone tries to kill you.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	If your enemy is buried in quicksand up to his neck, pull him out. If he is buried up to his eyes, step on his head.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Inspector: "Mrs. Freem, was this your husband's first hunting accident?" Mrs. Freem: "His first fatal one, yes."
off-black-humor	nsfw	edgy	1	Inter-Dwarf Memo To: Dwarf-list From: Doc Re: S. White If that bitch cleans one more thermometer with Ajax, I'm gonna kill her. I'll give her apples, nice big apples. With surprises inside. Yeah, surprises.
off-black-humor	nsfw	edgy	1	Inter-Dwarf Memo To: Dwarf-list From: Happy Re: S. White Let it be noted that if she whistles that goddamned song one more time I'm gonna rip her fuckin' lips off. Have a nice day.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	It was pity stayed his hand. "Pity I don't have any more bullets," thought Frito.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	It's hard to outrun dead people because they don't have to breathe.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Joan of Arc is alive and medium well.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	July 4 Statistics show that we lose more fools on this day than in all the other days of the year put together. This proves, by the number left in stock, that one Fourth of July per year is now inadequate, the country has grown so.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Keep patting your enemy on the back until a small bullet hole appears between your fingers.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Kill 'em all, and let God sort 'em out.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Kill a commie for Christ!
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Kill a commy for your mommy.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Kill for the love of killing! Kill for the love of Kali! -- Hindu saying
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Kill your parents.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Knights are hardly worth it. I mean, all that shell and so little meat...
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Legalize free-enterprise murder: why should governments have all the fun?
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Madam, there's no such thing as a tough child -- if you parboil them first for seven hours, they always come out tender.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Mother seemed pleased by my draft notice. "Just think of all the people in England, they've chosen you, it's a great honour, son." Laughingly I felled her with a right cross.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	My best argument against discrimination is quite simple: Does it really matter if the ABC people are inferior to the DEF people if they can tell one end of a gun from the other?
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	My girlfriend and I sure had a good time at the beach last summer. First she'd bury me in the sand, then I'd bury her. This summer I'm going to go back and dig her up.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	"My God! Are we sure he was a liberal?" "Pretty sure. They pulled him from a Volvo."
off-black-humor	nsfw	edgy	1	Negotiate, my ass! Let's kill something!
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Never count your chickens before they rip your lips off.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Never hit a man with glasses; hit him with a baseball bat.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Never say "Oops" in an operating room.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	New members urgently required for SUICIDE CLUB, Watford area.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	NEWSFLASH!! Rodney Fenster looked up the shaft of elevator number four at 1700 N. 17th St. this morning to see if the elevator was on its way down. It was. Age 31.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself on the grounds that it was human nature.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Note to myself: use real bullets next time.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Nuke the gay, unborn, baby whales for Jesus.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Nuke the unborn gay female whales for Jesus.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Nuke them till they glow, then shoot them in the dark.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	One must have a heart of stone to read the death of Little Nell by Dickens without laughing.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Only way to open lips of pigeon: sledgehammer.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Orcs really aren't so bad (if you use lots of catsup).
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Pipo was born with few complications, but then the doctor accidentally dropped the infant on her head provoking her drunken father to drag the physician outside where he would beat him to death with a live ocelot.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Please do not look directly into laser with remaining eye.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Psychics will soon lead dogs to your body.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Remember kids, if there's a loaded gun in the room, be sure that you're the one holding it.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Save the whales. Club a seal instead.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Some people call them "cars" or "trucks;" I call them "dimensional transmogrifiers" because they change three-dimensional cats into two-dimensional ones.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Sometimes it happens. People just explode. Natural causes.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Support mental health or I'LL KILL YOU!!!!
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Support the American Kidney Foundation. Don't wear your motorcycle helmet.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Thanksgiving Day. Let all give humble, hearty, and sincere thanks, now, but the turkeys. In the island of Fiji they do not use turkeys; they use plumbers. It does not become you and me to sneer at Fiji.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	-- THE BATES MOTEL -- ... convenient ... clean ... cozy Norman, knock loudly, I'm in the shower. M.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	The first guy that rats gets a belly-full of slugs in the head. Understand?
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	The foreman of a lumber camp put a new workman on the circular saw. As he turned away, he heard the man say, "Ouch!". "What happened?" "Dunno," replied the man. "I just stuck out my hand like this, and -- well, I'll be damned. There goes another one!"
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	The greatest joy a man can know is to conquer his enemies and drive them before him. To ride their horses and take away their possessions. To see the faces of those who were dear to them bedewed with tears, and to clasp their wives and daughters to his arms.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	"The hell with the prime directive! Let's kill something!"
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	The most winning woman I ever knew was hanged for poisoning three little children for their insurance money.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	The Schwine-Kitzenger Institute study of 47 men over the age of 100 showed that all had these things in common: (1) They all had moderate appetites. (2) They all came from middle class homes (3) All but two of them were dead.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	The sooner all the animals are dead, the sooner we'll find their money.
off-black-humor	nsfw	nsfw	1	The Truth Shall Rape You Over.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	The Worst Homing Pigeon This historic bird was released in Pembrokeshire in June 1953 and was expected to reach its base that evening. It was returned by post, dead, in a cardboard box eleven years later from Brazil.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	There are four kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable, and praiseworthy ...
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	There are very few personal problems that cannot be solved through a suitable application of high explosives.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	There was a knock on the door. Mrs. Miffin opened it. "Are you the Widow Miffin?" a small boy asked. "I'm Mrs. Miffin," she replied, "but I'm not a widow." "Oh, no?" replied the little boy. "Wait 'til you see what they're carrying upstairs!"
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	They couldn't hit an elephant at this dist...
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	They Tore Out My Heart and Stomped That Sucker Flat -- Book title by Lewis Grizzard
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	They're an insidious bunch, your killer pianos. Had one get loose on me back in '62. It slipped out of the cables while we were lowering it out of its twelfth story apartment, and crushed six innocents in an insane bid for freedom.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	... this is an awesome sight. The entire rebel resistance buried under six million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	This is supposed to be a 'appy occasion. Let's not BICKER and ARGUE over 'oo killed 'oo!
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	TO ME, CLOWNS AREN'T FUNNY. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Unbearably lovely music is heard as the curtain rises, and we see the woods on a summer afternoon. A fawn dances on and nibbles at some leaves. He drifts lazily through the soft foliage. Soon he starts coughing and drops dead.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Upon reading a story about a man who throttled his mother-in-law, a man commented, "Sounds to me like a practical choker."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Warning: Trespassers will be shot. Survivors will be shot again.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	We are simple killers of people and destroyers of property.
off-black-humor	nsfw	edgy	1	We found on St. Paul's only two kinds of birds -- the booby and the noddy... Both are of a tame and stupid disposition, and are so unaccustomed to visitors, that I could have killed any number of them with my geological hammer.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	"We had it tough ... I had to get up at 9 o'clock at night, half an hour before I went to bed, eat a lump of dry poison, work 29 hours down mill, and when we came home our Dad would kill us, and dance about on our grave singing Halelleuia ..."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	We're deep into the holiday gift-giving season, as you can tell from the fact that everywhere you look, you see jolly old St. Nick urging you to purchase things, to the point where you want to slug him right in his bowl full of jelly.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Welcome thy neighbor into thy fallout shelter. He'll come in handy if you run out of food.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	"Well, well, well! Well if it isn't fat stinking billy goat Billy Boy in poison! How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil? Come and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarbles, ya eunuch jelly thou!" -- Alex in "Clockwork Orange"
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	What happens if a big asteroid hits Earth? Judging from realistic simulations involving a sledge hammer and a common laboratory frog, we can assume it will be pretty bad.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	What is this line of duty, and suffering? You are not supposed to suffer if you are an assassin. The other person is supposed to suffer. -- Chiun, glory of the name of Sinanju, teacher of the youth from outside Sinanju named Remo.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	When arguments fail, use a blackjack. -- Edward "Spike" O'Donnell, Al Capone associate.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	When I kill, the only thing I feel is recoil.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	When I was a child... We had a quick-sand box in the backyard... I was an only child... eventually.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	When I was a kid I said to my father one afternoon, "Daddy, will you take me to the zoo?" He answered, "If the zoo wants you let them come and get you."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	When I was a kid my favorite relative was Uncle Caveman. After school we'd all go play in his cave, and every once in a while he would eat one of us. It wasn't until later that I found out that Uncle Caveman was a bear.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	When I was eight years old I came home with tears in my eyes because some kids had stolen my samwich. My father handed me an ice pick, and said, "Next time, hit 'em first and hit 'em hard."
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	When the Ngdanga tribe of West Africa hold their moon love ceremonies, the men of the tribe bang their heads on sacred trees until they get a nose bleed, which usually cures them of that.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	When you have shot and killed a man you have in some measure clarified your attitude toward him. You have given a definite answer to a definite problem. For better or worse you have acted decisively. In a way, the next move is up to him.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	WHEN YOU'RE RIDING IN A TIME MACHINE way far into the future, don't stick your elbow out the window or it'll turn into a fossil.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	When you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Where there's a whip there's a way.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Which would you rather have, a bursting planet or an earthquake here and there?
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Why does man kill? He kills for food. And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Why don't elephants eat penguins ? Because they can't get the wrappers off ...
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	Yeah, if it looks like a duck, and walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck -- shoot it.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	You can imagine my embarrassment when I killed the wrong guy.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	You can't go into the ring and be a nice guy. I would go a month, two months, without having sex. It worked for me because it made me a vicious animal. You can't fight if you have any compassion or anything like that.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you a new way.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	You know what I wish? I wish all the scum of the Earth had one throat and I had my hands about it.
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	You should never ride in an airplane with a sports team, because if the plane goes down, it's you they're gonna eat!
off-black-humor	nsfw	general	0	"Your son still sliding down the banisters?" "We wound barbed wire around them." "That stop him?" "No, but it sure slowed him up."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	A casual stroll through a lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	A Christian is a man who feels repentance on Sunday for what he did on Saturday and is going to do on Monday.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	A Galileo could no more be elected president of the United States than he could be elected Pope of Rome. Both high posts are reserved for men favored by God with an extraordinary genius for swathing the bitter facts of life in bandages of self-illusion.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	A key to the understanding of all religions is that a God's idea of a good time is a game of Snakes and Ladders with greased rungs.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	A man without a God is like a fish without a bicycle.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"A Mormon is a man that has the bad taste and the religion to do what a good many other people are restrained from doing by conscientious scruples and the police."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	A myth is a religion in which no-one any longer believes.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	A Puritan is someone who is deathly afraid that someone, somewhere, is having fun.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"Acceptance without proof is the fundamental characteristic of Western religion, Rejection without proof is the fundamental characteristic of Western science."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	All religions issue Bibles against Satan, and say the most injurious things against him, but we never hear his side.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	All the waters of the earth are in the armpit of the Great Frog.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	An atheist is a man with no invisible means of support.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	...And have you ever noticed that you never see the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost partying together at the same time? Oh, sure, everybody talks like they aren't the same person, but I wonder...
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	And on the third day, Christ arose, pushed aside the rock that had served as the tomb door, and walked again on the earth. And as he departed, a passer-by pointed at the door Jesus had left open. "What's the matter with you?" he said. "Born in a barn?"
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Ankh if you love Isis.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Any priest or shaman must be presumed guilty until proved innocent.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	As the Catholic church becomes more and more tolerant, some day they will have to consider the possibility of a gay pope. Possibly the largest issue will be having to decide whether he is "absolutely divine" or "just simply marvelous."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, If God won't have you, the devil must.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Better the prince of some inferior court, Than second, or less, in beatific light.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Beware of mathematicians and all those who make empty prophecies. The danger already exists that the mathematicians have made covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and to confine man in the bonds of hell.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Campus crusade for Cthulhu -- it found me.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Catholicism has changed tremendously in the recent years. Now when Communion is served there is also a salad bar.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Christ died for our sins, so let's not disappoint Him.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Christianity and Judaism aren't all that different, really. Growing up in a Christian family, the feeling of guilt for Man's sins comes from God. In a Jewish family, it comes from your parents.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Christianity has not been tried and found wanting; it has been found difficult and not tried.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Christianity might be a good thing if anyone ever tried it.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Crucifixes are sexy because there's a naked man on them.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Cthulhu Cthucks!
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Cthulhu for President! (If you're tired of choosing the lesser of two evils.)
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Cthulhu Saves -- in case He's hungry later.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	David was just a shepherd who liked to get his rocks off in leather.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Dear Ann Landers: My husband watches the TV preachers every Sunday. He claims one minister said there are 350 different sins. My husband wants to know if you can get the list. He thinks he is missing something.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Dianetics is a milestone for man comparable to his discovery of fire and superior to his invention of the wheel and the arch.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Did you ever wonder what you'd say to God if He sneezed?
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Didja hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper who sold his soul to Santa?
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Enemy -- SP (Suppressive Person) Order. Fair Game. May be deprived of property or injured by any means by any Scientologist without any discipline of the Scientologist. May be tricked, sued or lied to or destroyed.
off-religion	nsfw	edgy	1	Ere the cock crows thrice one of you will betray me.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Every day people are straying away from the church and going back to God.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	God did not create the world in seven days; he screwed around for six days and then pulled an all-nighter.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	God is a polytheist.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	God is an atheist.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"God is as real as I am," the old man said. My faith was restored, for I knew that Santa would never lie.
off-religion	nsfw	edgy	1	"God is big, so don't fuck with him."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	God is not dead -- he's been busted.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	God is not dead! He's alive and autographing bibles at Cody's.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	God is not dead. He is alive and well and working on a much less ambitious project.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	God is omnipotent, omniscient, and omnibenevolent -- it says so right here on the label. If you have a mind capable of believing all three of these divine attributes simultaneously, I have a wonderful bargain for you. No checks, please. Cash and in small bills.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	God isn't dead, He's just trying to avoid the draft.
off-religion	nsfw	edgy	1	God must love assholes -- She made so many of them.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	God said it, I believe it and that's all there is to it.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	God votes Republican.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	He has been known by many names; the Prince of Lies, the Director, Lucifer, Belial, and once, at a party, some obnoxious drunk kept calling him "Dude".
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Heaven and earth were created all together in the same instant, on October 23rd, 4004 B.C. at nine o'clock in the morning.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	History has the relation to truth that theology has to religion -- i.e., none to speak of.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	I am an atheist, thank God!
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	I call Christianity the one great curse, the one enormous and innermost perversion, the one great instinct of revenge, for which no means are too venomous, too underhand, too underground and too petty -- I call it the one immortal blemish of mankind.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forego their use.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	I don't care what star you're following, get that camel off my front lawn! -- Heard in Bethlehem
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	I figure that if God actually does exist, He's big enough to understand an honest difference of opinion.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"I think he said 'Blessed are the cheesemakers.'" "Nonsense, he was obviously referring to all manufacturers of dairy products."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"I'd like to start a new religion. One that doesn't use a dead young man as its logo."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	I'm a creationist; I refuse to believe that I could have evolved from man.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	I'm an evolutionist; I refuse to believe that I could have been created by man.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	If Christianity was morality, Socrates would be the Saviour.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"If God had wanted us to use the metric system, Jesus would have had 10 apostles."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	If God lived on Earth, people would knock out all His windows. -- Yiddish saying
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	If Jesus Christ came to this town, people would say, great guy; terrible carpenter.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	If Jesus Christ were to come today, people would not even crucify him. They would ask him to dinner, and hear what he had to say, and make fun of it.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	If the church put in half the time on covetousness that it does on lust, this would be a better world.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	If the Lord God Almighty had consulted me before embarking upon the Creation, I would have recommended something simpler. -- Alfonso the Wise, 13th Century King of Castile, Commenting on the Almagest, by Ptolemy.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	If you don't count some of Jehovah's injunctions, there are no humorists in the Bible.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	If you liked the Earth you'll love Heaven.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Imagine there's no heaven... it's easy if you try.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"In Christianity neither morality nor religion come into contact with reality at any point."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to Liberty.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	It is convenient that there be gods, and, as it is convenient, let us believe there are.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"It says he made us all to be just like him. So if we're dumb, then god is dumb, and maybe even a little ugly on the side."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	... it still remains true that as a set of cognitive beliefs about the existence of God in any recognizable sense continuous with the great systems of the past, religious doctrines constitute a speculative hypothesis of an extremely low order of probability.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Jehovah is an alien and still threatens this planet!
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Jesus died for your sins. Make it worth his time.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Jesus Never Fails (He's never taken the Massachusetts Bar Exam, either.)
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Jesus Saves! (And Esposito scores on the rebound!)
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Jesus Saves, Moses Invests, But only Buddha pays Dividends.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"Jesus saves...but Gretzky gets the rebound!"
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Jesus was killed by a Moral Majority.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	John Paul II is famous for his touring, and his quaint habit of pressing his lips to foreign soil on his arrival. This sparked some wit to remark: "The Pope has it backwards: he kisses the ground, and walks on the women!"
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	LET Jesus be YOUR anchor! So when Satan rocks your boat, THROW Jesus overboard!
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Man proposes, God disposes.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Many a long dispute between divines may thus be abridged: It is so. It is not so. It is so. It is not so.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Many a sober Christian would rather admit that a wafer is God than that God is a cruel and capricious tyrant.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Militant agnostic: I don't know, and you don't either.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	My daddy's brains was so scrambled he thought he was Jesus. They put him in a nut house for 5 years and when he got out, he didn't think he was Jesus, he thought he was *God*! ... Which made me Jesus.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"Not only is God dead, but just try to find a plumber on weekends."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	One man's theology is another man's belly laugh.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	One thing I have no worry about is whether God exists. But it has occurred to me that God has Alzheimer's and has forgotten we exist.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	One, with God, is always a majority, but many a martyr has been burned at the stake while the votes were being counted.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Pain is just God's way of hurting you.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Praise the Lord and pass the ammunition.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Prisons are built with stones of Law, brothels with bricks of Religion.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Religion has done love a great service by making it a sin.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Religion is a crutch, but that's okay... humanity is a cripple.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Religion is fine, Churchianity sucks.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Religions revolve madly around sexual questions.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	She say, Miss Colie, You better hush. God might hear you. Let 'im hear me, I say. If he ever listened to poor colored women the world would be a different place, I can tell you.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Si Dieu n'existait pas, il faudrait l'inventer. [If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him.]
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Smile, Cthulhu Loathes You.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	So, if there's no God, who changes the water?
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	So, what's with this guy Gideon, anyway? And why can't he ever remember his Bible?
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	So... how come the Corinthians never wrote back?
off-religion	nsfw	edgy	1	Some people seem to think that "damn" is God's last name.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Some things have to be believed to be seen.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Such evil deeds could religion prompt.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Sure banking is Biblical! How about when Onan received a substantial penalty for early withdrawal? Or when Pharaoh's daughter went into the bulrushes and came out with a little prophet? And it was Moses who led the Children of Israel to the Banks of the Jordan!
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"That's no answer," Job said, "And for someone who's supposed to be omnipotent, let me tell you 'tabernacle' has only one l."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	The divinity of Jesus is made a convenient cover for absurdity. Nowhere in the Gospels do we find a precept for Creeds, Confessions, Oaths, Doctrines, and whole carloads of other foolish trumpery that we find in Christianity.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	The ecumenical movement has reached a milestone with the agreement on the text of the first Jewish-Catholic prayer -- one that begins "Oy vay, Maria".
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	... The Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost would never throw the Devil out of Heaven as long as they still need him as a fourth for bridge. -- Letter in NEW LIBERTARIAN NOTES #19
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	The good Christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who make empty prophecies. The danger already exists that mathematicians have made a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the bonds of Hell.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	The infliction of cruelty with a good conscience is a delight to moralists. That is why they invented hell.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	The Lord giveth and the Lord taketh away. Indian Giver be the name of the Lord.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	The nearer to the church, the further from God.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	The only excuse for God is that he doesn't exist.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	The only thing that stops God from sending a second Flood is that the first one was useless.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	The reason Roman Catholics are allowed to use the rhythm method of birth control is that it doesn't work.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	The Unitarians are really just a bunch of atheists who really like going to church.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	The wages of sin are high -- unless you know someone who does it for nothing.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	The whole religious complexion of the modern world is due to the absence from Jerusalem of a lunatic asylum.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Theology is an attempt to explain a subject by men who do not understand it. The intent is not to tell the truth but to satisfy the questioner.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"There is a God, but He drinks"
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	There is a limit to the admiration we may hold for a man who spends his waking hours poking the contents of chickens with a stick.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	There is no ox so dumb as the orthodox.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	To be patriotic, hate all nations but your own; to be religious, all sects but your own; to be moral, all pretenses but your own.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	To listen to some devout people, one would imagine that God never laughs.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Unitarians pray "To whom it may concern".
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Vatican upholds ban on contraceptives: "To heir is humane," claims the Pope.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	We must respect the other fellow's religion, but only in the sense and to the extent that we respect his theory that his wife is beautiful and his children smart.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"Well, we've come full circle, Lord; I'd like to think there's some higher meaning to all this. It would certainly reflect well on you."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"What are you doing?" "Examining the world's major religions. I'm looking for something that's light on morals, has lots of holidays, and with a short initiation period."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	What good is having someone who can walk on water if you don't follow in his footsteps?
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	What if there had been room at the inn?
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	When Cthulhu calls, He calls collect!
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Why attack God? He may be as miserable as we are.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Why I am an atheist: 1. Atheists do not believe in higher powers. 2. God is the highest power. 3. Therefore, God must be an atheist. 4. We should all strive to be like God. 5. We should all be atheists.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Yeah, God is dead, he laughed himself to death.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"You little (such a one who, while wearing a copper nose ring, stands in a footbath atop Mount Raruaruaha during a heavy thunderstorm and shouts that Alohura, Goddess of Lightning, has the facial features of a diseased uloruaha root)!"
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Your chances of getting hit by lightning go up if you stand under a tree, shake your fist at the sky, and say, "Storms suck!"
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	Cold is God's way of telling us to burn more Catholics.
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"It don't matter, Sail, ... Could be worse. The fam'ly might be donatin' the proceeds to the Cath'lic Church, or the Mormons or somethin'. One cult's the same another."
off-religion	nsfw	general	0	"I don't know whether God exists or not, but it makes no difference to me." "It's not like He's passing out free money or anything." -- Townsperson in Estard, Dragon Warrior VII
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	A bar patron returned from the men's room grumbling to himself. "What's the trouble, buddy?" the bartender inquired. "You got John Wayne toilet paper in there!" "What do you mean?" the barkeeper asked. "It's rough, it's tough, and it doesn't take shit from nobody."
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	A bear and a rabbit are taking a crap in the woods. The bear looks over at the rabbit and asks, "Say, does shit ever stick to your fur?" "No." So the bear wiped his ass with the rabbit.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	As near as I can tell, you're not any crazier than the average asshole on the street.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	As they say about Dungeons and Dragons, "Life's a die, and then you bitch."
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Ask your boss to reconsider -- It's so difficult to take "Go to hell" for an answer.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Been through hell? What did you bring back for me?
off-vulgarity	nsfw	nsfw	1	Better a sister in a whorehouse than a brother on a Honda.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Blow it out your ass!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Confucius say too damn much!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	"Dammit, man, that's unprofessional! A good bartender laughs anyway!"
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Damn braces.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	DAMN IT, I GOTTA GET OUTTA HERE!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Damn, I need a Coke!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Don't just eat a hamburger; eat the HELL out of it.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	DROP THE DAMN BEAR!!!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Early to bed and early to rise makes a man a helluva big nuisance.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Eat shit and die a virgin!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Egotism is the anesthetic given by a kindly nature to relieve the pain of being a damned fool.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Fie for shame, you lascivious, lewd, lecherous, libidinous, lustful, licentious, dirty bum!!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Fig Newton.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Fuck art; let's dance!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Fuck off and die!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Fuck you and anybody who looks like you.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Fuck'em if they can't take a joke!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	GET OFF THE FUCKING SYSTEM THIS INSTANT, YOU ASSHOLE!!!!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Get your bytes from our backend!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Getting an education at the University of California is like having $50.00 shoved up your ass, a nickel at a time.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Give me the Luxuries, and the Hell with the Necessities!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Grain grows best in shit.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Gravity is an unforgiving motherfucker.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	He who hesitates is a damned fool.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	He who trains his tongue to quote the learned sages, will be known far and wide as a smart ass.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Hell's broken loose.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Hell, if you don't try to remake someone, how are they supposed to know you care?
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Horsecrap, little brother. There's always something more to be done. Another palm to be greased. Another back to be scratched. Another weak sister to be shored up.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Howard Cosell's biggest protrusion is his asshole.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	I am fairly unrepentant about her poetry. I really think that three quarters of it is gibberish. However, I must crush down these thoughts otherwise the dove of peace will shit on me.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	I came; I saw; I fucked up.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	I can't quite put my finger on it, but something about you pisses me off.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	nsfw	1	I don't know why women get so upset, they have half the money and all the pussy.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	I don't love you, asshole, I love your daughter.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	"I had to censor everything my sons watched ... even on the Mary Tyler Moore show I heard the word 'damn'!"
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	I love this fucking University, and this University loves fucking me.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	I played over the music of that scoundrel Brahms. What a giftless bastard! It annoys me that this self-inflated mediocrity is hailed as a genius. Why, in comparison with him, Riff is a genius.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	I wouldn't mind dying -- it's that business of having to stay dead that scares the shit out of me.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	I'd rather be led to hell than managed to heavan.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	I'm sorry I'm late folks, I just got out of jail. I tried to change my girlfriend's name. Yeah, I went down to the hall of records. I said, "I'd like to change it... I'd like to change it to... LYING LITTLE BITCH!"
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	If it's not one thing, it's a mother.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	If life's a piece of shit, Calculus III is the spoon.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	If today is the first day of the rest of your life, what the hell was yesterday?
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	If you don't ride a camel to work, you ain't Sheeite.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	In spite of all evidence to the contrary, the entire universe is composed of only two basic substances: magic and bullshit.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	It is a sad commentary on today's society that this fortune has to be classified as "offensive" simply because it contains the word "fuck".
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	It may not be funny, but it's damned amusing!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	It used to be a man's world, and the woman's place was in the home. They can kiss that shit goodbye.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	It's a bit hard to bullshit the ocean. It's not listening, you know what I mean.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	It's a bitch being butch.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	It's a damn poor mind that can only think of one way to spell a word.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	It's better to be pissed off than pissed on.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	It's so fuckin' great to be alive!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Life is a bitch, but the puppies can be cute.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Life is a shit sandwich, and every day you get to take another bite. It's just that some days are TWO BITE days ...
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Life is having a mother-in-law that sucks and a wife that don't.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Life is like a cucumber -- one moment it's in your hand, the next it's up your ass.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Life is like a shit sandwich. The more bread you have, the less shit you have to eat.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Life is not a cabaret. It's a fucking circus.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Life isn't a bitch. Life is a virgin. A bitch is easy.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Look out for yourself -- or they'll pee on your grave.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Love is a slippery eel that bites like hell.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Many a man has decided to stay alive not because of the will to live, but because of the determination not to give assorted surviving bastards the satisfaction of his death.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Me, I love the rich. *Somebody* has to love them. Sure, a lot of rich people are assholes, but believe me, a lot of poor people are assholes too. And an asshole with money can at least pay for his own drinks.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Megaton Man: "LOOK at them! Helpless, tender creatures, relying on ME, waiting for ME to make my move!" (from below): "Move your ASS, Fat-head!" Megaton Man: "It is a MANDATE, and I am DUTY BOUND to OBEY!"
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Moody bitch in search of... kind, considerate, loving man. Objective, love-hate relationship.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Moody bitch with attitude, seeks nice, good-looking guy to dump on.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	My brother-in-law has found a way to make ends meet. He goes around with his head stuck up his ass.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Never fly under a seagull - they'll shit on your airplane.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	"Never send a MAN to do a WOMAN'S work! Why do you think I CAME here?" "Not for the good of my ego, that was for damn sure."
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	No matter how clever the hardware boys are, the software boys piss it away.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Non Illegitimus Carborundum. [Don't let the bastards wear you down.]
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Obscene? Obscene is young men being trained to drop fire on people, but their commanders not allowing them to write "fuck" on their airplanes because it's obscene.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Obscenity is the crutch of inarticulate motherfuckers.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Old mercenaries never die. They go to hell and regroup.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Ours is a world where people don't know what they want and are willing to go through hell to get it.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Pardon me, sir, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a shit.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	People will swim through shit if you put a few bob in it.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Psychotherapy is the theory that the patient will probably get well anyhow and is certainly a damn fool.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Shit happens.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Silence can be the biggest lie of all. We have a responsibility to speak up; and whenever the occasion calls for it, we have a responsibility to raise bloody hell.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	So you fucked up... you trusted us!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Some companies idea of playing ball is, you play ball with us, and we'll stick the fucking bat up your ass.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Some of the management around here are the final proof that the Indians fucked the buffalo.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Sometimes, you just gotta say "What the fuck."
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Substitute 'damn' every time you're inclined to write 'very'; your editor will delete it and the writing will be just as it should be.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Success has many fathers, but failure is a bastard.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	The best number for a dinner party is two--myself and a damn good head waiter.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	The difference between graffiti and philosophy is the word "fuck".
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	The higher you climb, the more you show your ass.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	The more crap you put up with, the more crap you're going to get.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	... the most exquisitely squalid hells known to middle-class man: freshman English at a Midwestern university.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	The only thing faster than the speed of light is shit flowing downhill.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	The only way you'll ever hear from me is if you're living in the same hell.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	The road to hell is paved with good intentions. And littered with sloppy analysis!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	The time has come for kicking ass and taking names.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	The world is an 8000 mile in diameter spherical pile of shit.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies and statistics.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	There are two sides to every divorce: yours and the shithead's.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	There is always more hell that needs raising.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	They ought to make butt-flavored cat food.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	This is National Smokers-Are-Shits Week.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Today is gonna be one helluva week!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Tomorrow never comes! It's all the same fuckin' day, man!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	VYARZERZOMANIMORORSEZASSEZANSERAREORSES?
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	"Water? Never touch the stuff! Fish fuck in it."
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	We aren't what we eat. We are what we don't shit.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	We call our dog Egypt, because in every room he leaves a pyramid.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	We came, we saw, we kicked its ass!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	We must remember the First Amendment which protects any shrill jackass no matter how self-seeking.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Well, now that SUN's in bed with AT&T, I sure hope she sleeps with her back to the wall.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	What the fuck, over?
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	What the hell, go ahead and put all your eggs in one basket.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	When the shit hits the fan, keep your mouth shut!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Where the hell is Wall Drug?
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Who the hell wants to hear actors talk?
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Who took the MMMMMM out of MURINE?
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Why doesn't everybody leave everybody else the hell alone?
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Winning isn't everything, but losing really sucks.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Winter is nature's way of saying, "Up yours."
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Work like hell, tell everyone everything you know, close a deal with a handshake, and have fun. -- Harold "Doc" Edgerton, summing up his life's philosophy, shortly before dying at the age of 86.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	Would you mind terribly much if I asked you to take your silly-assed problem down the hall?
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	Yesterday is a memory, Tomorrow is a vision, Today is a bitch!
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	You are without a doubt a rogue, a rascal, a villain, a thief, a scoundrel, and a mean, dirty, stinking, sniveling, sneaking, pimping, pocketpicking, thrice double-damned, no-good son-of-a-bitch.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	You can find sympathy, in the dictionary, right near shit and suicide.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	nsfw	1	You can lead a whore to Vasser, but you can't make her think.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	You have been bitchy since Tuesday and you'll probably get fired today.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	You have to be a bastard to make it, and that's a fact. And the Beatles are the biggest bastards on earth.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	"You have to regard everything I say with suspicion -- I may be trying to bullshit you, or I may just be bullshitting you inadvertently."
off-vulgarity	nsfw	general	0	You may not be able to judge a book by its cover, but you sure as hell can tell how much it's going to cost.
off-vulgarity	nsfw	edgy	1	You see that fucking fish? If he'd kept his mouth shut, he wouldn'ta got caught.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	All I want is a girl made of wood, With fine-grained hair and carven knee. She wouldn't drink and wouldn't smoke, Oh, wooden tit be loverly?
off-songs-poems	nsfw	edgy	1	And it's one, two, three, What are we fighting for? Don't ask me I don't give a damn! Next stop is Vietnam! And it's five, six, seven, Open up the pearly gates. Ain't no time to wonder why Whoopie! We're all going to die.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	... And malt does more than Milton can To justify God's ways to man.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	And prively he caughte hire by the queynte, And heeld hire harde by the haunche-bones.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	And the northern lights commenced to glow. And she said, with a tear in her eye, "Watch out where the huskies go, and don't you eat that yellow snow."
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Be prepared... that's the Boy Scout's solemn creed. Be prepared... to be clean in word and deed. Don't solicit for your sister, that's not nice, Unless you get a good percentage of her price.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Behold the unborn fetus and Weep salt tears crocodilian; All life is sacred (save, of course, An enemy civilian).
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Beneath this stone a virgin lies, For her life held no terrors. A virgin born, a virgin died: No hits, no runs, no errors.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Birth, copulation and death. That's all the facts when you come to brass tacks; Birth, copulation and death.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Bridget O'Flaherty McHugh Held venal traffic with a gnu. Mistaking fore for aft one morn Impaled herself upon its horn. Moral: Those who seek high ends should shun our furred and feathered friends.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	But they'll never mechanize me -- not me! Said Charlotte, the Louisville harlot.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Champagne don't make me lazy. Cocaine don't drive me crazy. Ain't nobody's business but my own.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Christmas comes but once a year, A time for love and laughter; You can come much more than that, But you have to clean up after.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Cover your stump before you hump. Before you attack her, wrap your wacker. Don't be silly... protect your Willie. Wrap it in foil before checking her oil. If you're not going to sack it, go home and wack it.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Daisy, Daisy, give me your answer true, Daisy, Daisy, wouldn't you like to screw? I really must beg your pardon, But I've got a hell of a hard-on, From beating my meat, against the seat, Of a bicycle built for two. -- "Daisy, Daisy", "The Dirty Song Book"
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Dave has an areoplane, In which he likes to frisk. Oh what a foolish boy, His silly *.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Dear Lord, observe this bended knee This visage meek and humble, And hear this confidential plea Voiced in reverent mumble: Give me Shylock, give me Fagin But O God spare me Ronald Reagan!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	edgy	1	Do not rejoice in his defeat, you men, For though the world stood up And stopped the bastard, The bitch that bore him is in heat again.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Eisenhower was very nice, Nixon was his only vice.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Filth and old age, I'm sure you will agree, Are powerful wardens upon chastity.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Five-foot nine, eyes that shine He was born in Palestine Has anybody seen my Lord? He's so cool, he's so fine Eat his bread and drink his wine Has anybody seen my Lord? He's so neat, he's so cool, Walks across my swimming pool. Has anybody...
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee And I'll forgive Thy great big one on me.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Gimme that old bisexuality, Gimme that old bisexuality, Gimme that old bisexuality, 'Cause it's good enough for me! It was good for David Bowie, It was good for David Bowie, It was good for David Bowie, And it's good enough for me!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Hail to the sun god He sure is a fun god Ra! Ra! Ra!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Hark, Hark, the dogs do bark The Duke is fond of kittens He likes to take their insides out And use them for his mittens
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	He drank with curvy Mabel, The pace was fast and furious, He slid beneath the table, Not drunk but merely curious.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	He tells you when you've got on too much lipstick, And helps you with your girdle when your hips stick.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Hell hath no limits, nor is circumscribed in one self place, for where we are is Hell, and where Hell is there must we ever be.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Here I sit, my cheeks a flexin', Just gave birth to another Texan.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Here lies my wife: her let her lie! Now she's at rest, and so am I.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	nsfw	1	Here's a toast to Screwy Dick, The man who was born with a corkscrew prick. He spent his life in a futile hunt, To find a woman with a spiral cunt. And when he did, he dropped stone dead, 'Cause the blasted thing had a left-hand thread!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Here's to the girl in little red shoes, She drinks my liquor, she drinks my booze, She has no cherry, but that's no sin, She has the box the cherry came in.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Here's to the girl that's dressed in black, She's dressed so neat there's nothing to lack She feels so fine and kisses so sweet She makes things stand that have no feet.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Here's to the girl that's sweet, Here's to the girl that's true, Here's to the girl in all our hearts... In other words, guys, what do you say we all go downtown for the rest of the night?
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Here's to the woman beautiful and divine she flowers every month bears fruit every nine she's the only creature 'tween heaven and hell can get the juice from a nut without cracking the shell.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Hickory Dickory Dock, Three mice ran up a clock! The clock struck one, Right in the balls! There was an old woman, Who lived in a shoe, Who had so many children, Her uterus fell right out.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Higgledy Piggledy Coeducational Yale University Extracurricular Gave up misogyny Heterosexual Opened its door. Fun is in store.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	I had a dream last night... I dreamt about 1976. I dreamt about a country with incurable brain damage... I even dreamt they gave it a heart transplant. Then I woke up and I knew it was only a nightmare... so I went back to sleep again.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	I have a funny daddy Who goes in and out with me And everything that baby does Daddy's sure to see, And everything that baby says, My daddy's sure to tell. You must have read my daddy's verse. I hope he fries in Hell.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	I love to eat them Smurfies Smurfies what I love to eat Bite they ugly heads off, Nibble on they bluish feet.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	I think the Mormon prophet Was a very funny man. I wonder how his wives enjoyed His Prophet Sharing Plan.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	I'm glad that I'm an American, I'm glad that I am free, But I wish I were a little doggy, And McGovern were a tree.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	I'm not a pheasant plucker, I'm a pheasant plucker's son. I'm just a'plucking pheasants 'Til the pheasant plucker comes.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	If you need anything just whistle. You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve? Just put your lips together and blow.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	If you'd like to cultivate insomnia, Bed down with a pretty girl. Amor vincit omnia.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	nsfw	1	In days of old, when knights were bold, And rubbers weren't invented, They tied their socks around their cocks And babies were prevented.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	In her first passion woman loves her lover, In all the others all she loves is love.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	In the days of old, When Knights were bold, And women were too cautious; Oh, those gallant days, When women were women, And men were really obnoxious.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	In youth, it was a way I had To do my best to please, And change, with every passing lad, To suit his theories. But now I know the things I know, And do the things I do; And if you do not like me so, To hell, my love, with you!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Jack an Jill went up the hill. Jill went down, Jack came.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Jack and Jill Went up the hill, Each had a buck and a quarter! Jill came down, With two and a half, You think they went for water?
off-songs-poems	nsfw	edgy	1	Jack be nimble, Jack be quick, Jack jumped over the candle stick. But Jack wasn't so nimble, Jack wasn't so quick, So Jack's in the hospital, with a burned up dick!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Jack be nimble, Jack be quick. Jack jumped over the candle stick, And burnt his balls.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Kill Kill, Hate Hate, Murder, Maim, and Mutilate!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Let's love each other slowly, reaching for a plane, of exquisite pleasure, and delicate pain.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Like private parts to the Gods are we, they play with us for their sport.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Lipstick on your dipstick told a tale on you, Lipstick on your dipstick said you were untrue. Bet your bottom dollar you and I are through, 'Cause lipstick on your dipstick told a tale on you. -- To the tune of "Lipstick On Your Collar"
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Little Johnny with a grin, Drank up all of daddy's gin, Mother said, when he was plastered, Go to bed, you little ... love-child.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Little Mary on the ice, Went out to have a frisk, Now wasn't little Mary nice, Her pretty *?
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet, Eating her curds and whey. Along came a spider, And bit her right in the snatch.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet, Her knickers all tattered and torn. For it wasn't a spider that sat down beside her, But Little Boy Blue with his horn!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	edgy	1	Little Miss Muffet, Sat on her tuffet, Smoking some THC. Along came a narc'er who sat down beside her And said, "So... what's in the bag, bitch?!"
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Love to eat them mousies, Mousies I love to eat. Bite they little heads off, Nibble at they tiny feet.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Love's Drug My love is like an iron wand That conks me on the head, My love is like the valium That I take before my bed, My love is like the pint of scotch That I drink when I be dry; And I shall love thee still, my dear, Until my wife is wise.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Man's lust for a bust is hardly recent, Some say not even indecent. But if you lust, It's a must!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	edgy	1	Mary had a little lamb, It's fleece as white as snow. It followed her to school one day, And got fucked by a big black dog.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Mary had a little lamb, She kept it in a bucket. And every time she let it out, The bulldog used to ... Umm, chase it around the garden.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Mary had a little lamb, The lamb turned out to be a ram, Now Mary has a little lamb.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Mary had a little sheep, And with the sheep she went to sleep, The sheep turned out to be a ram, And Mary had a little lamb.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Mary had a little watch; She swallowed it one day. And so she took some Ex-Lax To pass the time away. But when she took the Ex-Lax The time it did not pass. So when you want to know the time, Just look up Mary's ... Uncle. (He has a watch, too)
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Men have many faults, Women only two: Everything they say, And everything they do!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Missed the train at the railway station Oh hell, blast, and damnation! Asked a lady in there if she had the time, She said "Yes", and a strong inclination.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	edgy	1	Mistress Mary, quite contrary, How does your garden grow? With silver bells and cockle shells, And one really fucked-up petunia.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Money cannot buy The fuel of love but is excellent kindling. To the man-in-the-street, who, I'm sorry to say, Is a keen observer of life, The word intellectual suggests right away A man who's untrue to his wife.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night, God said, "Let Newton be," and all was light. It did not last; the devil howling "Ho! Let Einstein be!" restored the status quo.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Nobody loves me, Everybody hates me, I think I'll go out and eat worms. I'm gonna cut their heads off, Eat their insides out, And throw way the skins. Big, fat, juicy ones, Little, skinny, cute ones, Watch how they wiggle and they squirm.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	O! If I were a fish I'd lay hap'ly on my dish. Yes, that's my one and only wish -- To be a fish! For fish don't ever mish; They needn't flush after they pish! Yes, and life's just swish, swish, swish, For all the fish!!!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Oh give me a home, where the bookmakers roam, Where the beer and the whiskey flows free, Where never is heard, a discouraging word, And the call-girls keep callin' for me!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Oh, I could while away the hours, Smoking herbs and flowers, Shooting up my veins, De-dum, De-dum, De-dum Tell you, I've been a-thinkin' I could drive a shiny Lincoln, If I dealt in good cocaine.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Old King Cole was a merry old soul, A merry old soul was he. He called for his pipe, And he called for his drums, And he fiddled with his call girls three.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Old McDonald had a farm, E-I-E-I-O! And on this farm he had some chicks, E-I-E-I-O! With a chick-chick here, And a chick-chick there, Here a chick, There a chick, Everywhere a chick-chick, Old McDonald lost his farm 'Cause he had too many chicks!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Old Mother Hubbard, Went to the cubbard, To get her poor doggie a bone. But when she stooped over, Old Rover, he drove her. You see, he had a bone of his own.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	edgy	1	Piddle, twiddle, and resolve, Not one damn thing do we solve. -- 1776
off-songs-poems	nsfw	edgy	1	Posterity will ne'er survey A nobler grave than this; Here lie the bones of Castlereagh; Stop, traveler, and piss.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	San Francisco is my kind of city, Where the women are strong and the men are pretty.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	edgy	1	Send lawyers, guns, and money, The shit has hit the fan.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Sex and drugs and rock and roll, Is all my brain and body need. Sex and drugs and rock and roll, Are very good indeed. Take your silly ways, Throw them out the window, The wisdom of your ways, I've been there and I know, Lots of other ways...
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Sex is great, Sex is grand, Sex around here, Is mostly by hand.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	She never liked zippers, she said, Until she opened one in bed.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	She was bred in ol' Kentucky But she's just a crumb up here She was knock-knee'd and double-jointed With a cauliflower ear Someday we will be married And if vegetables become too dear I'll just cut me a slice of Her cauliflower ear!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	She's such a kinky girl, The kind you don't take home to mother. She will never let your spirits down Once you get her off the street.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	So, good night, you moonlit ladies, Rock-a-bye sweet baby James. Deep greens and blues are the colors I choose, Won't you let me go down in my dreams? And rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Sodomy, fellatio, cunnilingus, pederasty, Father, why do these words sound so nasty?
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Starkle, starkle, little twink, Who the hell you are I think I'm not as drunk as thinkle peep I'm just a little slort of sheep. Tee martoonis make a guy, Feel so woozy, I don't know why. So mass the pixer and kill my fup I've all day sober to sunday up.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Tequila my girl, is deceiving: Take two at the very most. Take three and you're under the table, Take four and you're under the host.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	The orders come down and they march us away. There's a battle outside and we join in the fray. God, it's hell when you know this could be your last day, But it's better than working for Xerox.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	The poor little doe Crawled out of the woods, Tired, bedraggled and blue. "Look," she said, "What I did for a buck, I should have asked for two!"
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	The rich man uses vaseline, The poor man uses lard; The worker uses axle grease But gets it twice as hard.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	This land is made of mountains, This land is made of mud, This land has lots of everything, For me and Elmer Fudd. This land has lots of trousers, This land has lots of mousers, And pussycats to eat them When the sun goes down.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Tiddely Quiddely Edward M. Kennedy Quite unaccountably Drove in a stream. Pleas of amnesia Incomprehensible Possibly shattered Political dream.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	edgy	1	Virginity is a bubble on the sea of life, which takes but one prick to break.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	We own this land. I don't spend any time on this land. This is a tiny little piece of my business interests. It's like a grain of sand. -- "Alliance Airport, from The Poetry Of H. Ross Perot, recited on ABC's Town Meeting, June 29, 1992. From SPY Magazine, November 1992
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	We must! We must! We must increase our bust! The bigger the better! The tighter the sweater! And the boys will think more of us!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	What's the ugliest part of your body? What's the ugliest part of your body? Some say your nose, Some say your toes, But I think it's your mind.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	When I demanded of my friend what viands he preferred, He quoth: "A large cold bottle, and a small hot bird!"
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	when i die, i'd like to go peacefully. in my sleep. like my grandfather. not screaming, like the passengers in his car...
off-songs-poems	nsfw	edgy	1	When things go wrong as they usually will, And your daily road seems all uphill, When funds are low and debts are high, When you try to smile, but can only cry -- And you really feel you'd like to quit, Don't talk to me; I don't give a shit.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	You may carve it on his tombstone, you may cut it on his card That a young man married is a young man marred.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	You say potatoe, And I say potato. You say tomatoe, And I say tomato. Potatoe, potato, Tomatoe, tomato. Let's go be the Vice President...
off-songs-poems	nsfw	edgy	1	You wanna play the dozens, Well, the dozens is a game, But the way I fuck your mother is an ass-wringing shame!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	You will always have friends Some friends will peter out. But I'll always be your friend, Peter in or peter out.
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Your mother's ghost stands at your shoulder Face like ice, a little bit colder She says "You can't do that it breaks all the rules You learned in school," But I don't really see Why can't we go on as three?
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Your spooning days are over, And your pilot light is out; When what used to be your sex appeal Is now your water spout!
off-songs-poems	nsfw	general	0	Zippity doo dah, zippity ay, I just gave my sister's cherry away! To a couple of truckers from Erie P.A., Zippity doo dah, zippity ay.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	A child can go only so far in life without potty training. It is not mere coincidence that six of the last seven presidents were potty trained, not to mention nearly half of the nation's state legislators.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	A proctologist is a doctor who puts in a hard day at the orifice.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	A young lady friend of mine just swallowed a razor blade... She performed a tonsillectomy, an appendectomy, a hysterectomy, three circumcisions, and cut off the finger of a casual friend.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Adopting the metric system would have certain psychological advantages -- such as being able to claim 18 centimeters instead of seven inches.
off-privates	nsfw	nsfw	1	All jobs should be open to everybody, unless they actually require a penis or a vagina.
off-privates	nsfw	nsfw	1	An old maid wanted to travel by bus to the pet cemetery with the remains of her cat. As she boarded the bus, she whispered to the driver, "I have a dead pussy." The driver pointed to the woman in the seat behind him and said, "Sit with my wife. You two have a lot in common."
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	And now, the Bing Crosby show, brought to you by the makers of Ex-Lax. ... a brief pause, and then Bing!
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Anything more than three shakes is for fun.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Captain Hook died of jock itch.
off-privates	nsfw	edgy	1	"Carefully study these two enlarged photographs on display, Mr. Rafferty," the attorney for a politician suing a newspaper for libel instructed his client on the witness stand, "and indicate which is your ass and which is a hole in the ground."
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Diet Mountain Dew has the same pH and density of urine.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Due to a mixup in urology, orange juice will not be served this morning.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Eat prune yogurt for that "get up and go" feeling.
off-privates	nsfw	edgy	1	Fat dirty farts came spluttering out of your backside. You had an arse full of farts that night, darling, and I fucked them out of you, big fat fellows, long windy ones, quick little merry cracks...
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Good day for water sports. Take a bath with a friend.
off-privates	nsfw	nsfw	1	Half the posts to this group are about masturbation and the other half are about penis size. And what I want to know is, if all you're doing is jerking off, why do you care how big it is? -- From alt.sex
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Halt!! Who goes there, friend or enema?
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	He carried me over the stream, striding through the current, his strong, muscular, thighs scarcely hesitating as he sure-footedly forded the water. But what was that bulge, small, oblong, solid, that might have been, say, a pocket camera?
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	He who farts in church must sit in his own pew.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Her figure described a set of parabolas that could cause cardiac arrest in a yak.
off-privates	nsfw	nsfw	1	HOW TO REMOVE STAINS -- #28 Semen stains can be removed from computer terminals with Fantastik or the like. Use Windex on the glass however, and be sure to turn the power off if you have to clean between the keys.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	I can't believe that out of 100,000 sperm, you were the quickest.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	I choked Linda Lovelace.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	I continued wetting my bed for a long time, not just out of contrariness, but to have the pleasure of feeling my warm urine running down my legs and wallowing in its odor.
off-privates	nsfw	edgy	1	I don't want to say that she had big tits, but one day I asked her just how big they was, and she said, "7 and 7/8". I said, "7 and 7/8?! What did you measure 'em with?" And she replied, "A Stetson."
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	I know what you're up to, you white-feathered fiend! Go release your bowels on some lesser personage!
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	I tell ya, I knew my morning wasn't going right. When I put on my shirt the button fell off, when I picked up my briefcase, the handle fell off, I tell ya, I was afraid to go to the bathroom.
off-privates	nsfw	edgy	1	I was a cock-teaser at Rooster Rama. I used to enrage the bantams before the big bouts.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	I was toilet-trained at gunpoint.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	I will not be briefed or debriefed, my underwear is my own.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	I'm not laughing behind your back; everything funny is in front!
off-privates	nsfw	edgy	1	In France they piss on Main Street. (In pissoirs, Mama, not cheap display).
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	In outer space, nobody can hear you fart.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	It takes leather balls to play rugby. (Blood makes the grass grow!)
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Lady to Golf Pro: "I was stung by bees on your golf course!" Pro: "Ummm, well, where?" Lady: "Between the 1st and 2nd holes." Pro: "That's going to real tough to treat."
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	... like, what do they mean when they say 'feminine protection'? What's that? A chartreuse flamethrower?
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Man in stall: Hey, buddy? Is there any toilet paper out there? Man at sink: No, I don't see any. Just a second... Nope, none in any of the other stalls either. A minute passes. Man in stall: Say, buddy? Man at sink: Yeah? Man in stall: You got change for a ten?
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Man who dance in crowded ballroom dance cheek to cheek with woman behind him.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Man who keep money in jockstrap has financial matters all balled up.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Many a bachelor feels the need to insert his masculinity.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	May Allah blow sand in your Preparation H.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	May the fairy god-camel leave a lump on your pillow!
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Maybe if the guy who developed Twinkies hadn't had such a low opinion of himself they would have been an inch or two longer!
off-privates	nsfw	nsfw	1	"Mind you, not as bad as the night Archie Pettigrew ate some sheep's testicles for a bet... God, that bloody sheep kicked him!"
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Mr. Rection, Mr. Hugh G. Rection, please pick up a white courtesy telephone!
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	My mother didn't breast-feed me. She said she liked me as a friend.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	My wife has breast cancer. She told me to start dating.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Naked children are so perfectly pure and lovely. I confess I do not admire naked boys. They always seem to me to need clothes -- whereas one hardly sees why the lovely forms of girls should ever be covered up.
off-privates	nsfw	nsfw	1	Naked couple in bed, woman says to man: "When I said I had a foot fetish, I was referring to cocks."
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Once you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.
off-privates	nsfw	edgy	1	One who does not know a burro from a burrow does not know his ass from a hole in the ground!
off-privates	nsfw	edgy	1	Opinions are like assholes -- everyone's got one, but nobody wants to look at the other guy's.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Raquel Welch: 36-24-36 Bo Derek: 35-24-36 Ann-Margaret: 37-25-36 Bette Middler: 37-25-36 Marilyn Monroe: 37-24-37 Jane Russell: 39-27-38 Jayne Mansfield: 40-23-37 Sophia Loren: 37-25-36
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Rugby is a game played by men with peculiarly shaped balls.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Short man who dance with tall woman gets bust in mouth.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Sir Francis Drake circumcised the world with a 100 foot clipper.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Size counts.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Sniff sniff... Hey! Who farted?
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Snow White: "Gee guys, I've always dreamed of getting ten inches... but not an inch-and-a-half at a time!
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Sometimes guys'll say to you, "Have a good one." I say, "I already have a good one. Now I'm looking for a longer one."
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Success is like a fart -- only your own smells nice.
off-privates	nsfw	edgy	1	The difference between this school and a cactus plant is that the cactus has the pricks on the outside.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	The only way for writers to meet is to share a quick pee over a common lamppost.
off-privates	nsfw	nsfw	1	The real trouble with women is that they have *all* the pussy.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	There's a vas deferens between men and women.
off-privates	nsfw	edgy	1	Tonight's piss is tomorrow's Tang.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	USENET is like a herd of performing elephants with diarrhea -- massive, difficult to redirect, awe-inspiring, entertaining, and a source of mind-boggling amounts of excrement when you least expect it.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Well, God gave me a bust. What am I supposed to do with it?
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	What a man enjoys most about a woman's clothes are his fantasies of how she would look without them.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Why not, for example, offer a brand-new Mustang convertible to every girl who consents to having her Fallopian tubes tied in a Gordian knot? ... It would have the additional benefit of eliminating from the gene pool those stupid enough to consent to such a deal.
off-privates	nsfw	edgy	1	Working hard around here is like pissing on yourself in a dark suit; you get a warm feeling but nobody notices.
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Would you rather have a 5-inch hard or an 8-inch floppy?
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	Ya know, Quaker Oats make you feel good twice!
off-privates	nsfw	general	0	You are witty, charming, handsome and above average in length.
off-privates	nsfw	edgy	1	You know what burns my ass? A flame about three feet high.
off-privates	nsfw	edgy	1	You should be a hemorrhoid, you're such a pain in the ass.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	(1) Never give anything away for nothing. (2) Never give more than you have to (always catch the buyer hungry and always make him wait). (3) Always take back everything if you possibly can.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	A friend with weed is a friend indeed.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	A joint is just tea for two.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	A life spent in search of the perfect hash brownie is a life well spent.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Acid -- better living through chemistry.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Acid absorbs 47 times its own weight in excess Reality.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	"All flesh is grass"
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Being stoned on marijuana isn't very different from being stoned on gin.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Beware of a tall dark man with a spoon up his nose.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	But these pills can't be habit forming; I've been taking them for years.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Cocaine is nature's way of telling you you have too much money.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Cocaine isn't habit forming. I should know -- I've been using it for years.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Cocaine's a joke! (Who's got the next line?)
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Cocaine: using tomorrow's energy today.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Don't drop acid -- take it pass/fail. -- Seen in a Ladies' Room at Harvard
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Dope will get you through times of no money better that money will get you through times of no dope.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Drugs may be the road to nowhere, but at least they're the scenic route!
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Falling in love makes smoking pot all day look like the ultimate in restraint.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Give me libertines or give me meth.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Give me Librium or give me Meth.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Have a coke and a smile!
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Honest, officer, had I known my health was in jeopardy, why, I'd never have lit one!
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	I believe that if people would learn to use LSD's vision-inducing capability more wisely, under suitable conditions, in medical practice and in conjunction with meditation, then in the future this problem child could become a wonder child.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	I may kid around about drugs, but really, I take them seriously.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	I shall come to you in the night and we shall see who is stronger -- a little girl who won't eat her dinner or a great big man with cocaine in his veins.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	I would like to suggest that you not use speed, and here's why: it is going to mess up your heart, mess up your liver, your kidneys, rot out your mind. In general this drug will make you just like your mother and father.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	I wouldn't recommend sex, drugs or insanity for everyone, but they've always worked for me.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	I've never had a problem with drugs; I've had problems with the police.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	If coke is a joke, I'm waiting around for the next line.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	If you remember the 60's, you weren't there.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	In the Top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to drop out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at discotheques.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	LSD melts in your mind, not in your hand.
off-drugs	nsfw	edgy	1	Marijuana is like Coors beer. If you could buy the damn stuff at a Georgia filling station, you'd decide you wouldn't want it.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Marijuana is nature's way of saying, "Hi!".
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	NO OPIUM-SMOKING IN THE ELEVATORS -- sign in the Rand Hotel, New York, 1907
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Not that we needed all that stuff, but when you get locked into a serious drug collection the tendency is to push it as far as you can.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Opiates are the religion of the upper-middle classes.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Opium is very cheap considering you don't feel like eating for the next six days.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Pilots should avoid using illegal drugs.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Reality is a cop-out for people who can't handle drugs.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Reality is an obstacle to hallucination.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Reality is for people who can't deal with drugs.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Smuggling... It's not just a job, it's an adventure! -- paid for by your local Colombian recruiting office
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Spend extra time on hobby. Get plenty of rolling papers.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Taking drugs in the 60's, I tried to reach Nirvana, but all I ever got were re-runs of The Mickey Mouse Club.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	The weed of crime bears bitter fruit... but the leaves are good to smoke!
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Then there was LSD, which was supposed to make you think you could fly. I remember it made you think you couldn't stand up, and mostly it was right.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	There's been no top authority saying what marijuana does to you. I really don't know that much about it. I tried it once but it didn't do anything to me.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	There's no room in the drug world for amateurs.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Turn on, tune in, and take over.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Whatever became of Strange de Jim? Well, he found a substitute for cocaine: "You cover Q-tips with sandpaper and ram them up your nostrils as far as they will go. Then you sniff talcum powder while shredding hundred dollar bills."
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	When I was young we didn't have MTV; we had to take drugs and go to concerts.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	When one wants to get rid of an unsupportable pressure, one needs hashish.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	When your conscious becomes unconscious, you are drunk. When your unconscious becomes conscious, you are stoned.
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Without chemicals, life itself would be impossible. -- late night industrial commercial much favored by druggies
off-drugs	nsfw	general	0	Would you please have another look at my nose and put in that cocaine stuff....
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	A game can by God repent or we'll punish it. That's how they did it in Salem in the seventeenth century, and that's how we'll do it now.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	America, I'm putting my queer shoulder to the wheel.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	An Army travels on her stomach.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Being a woman is of special interest only to aspiring male transsexuals. To actual women it is merely a good excuse not to play football.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Beware of altruism. It is based on self-deception, the root of all evil.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Bringing your mate to a convention is like taking a game warden hunting.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Britain has lowered the tax on chastity belts by about 60 cents each... [reclassifying them] as a safety device rather than... clothing
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	But sex and drugs and rock & roll, why, they'd bring our blackest day.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Clark Kent is a transvestite.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Dad," the 13-year-old boy asked, looking up from his social-studies text, "what did you do during the sexual revolution?" "Well, son," his father confided, "I guess you could say I was captured early and spent the duration doing the dishes."
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Don't cook tonight -- starve a rat today!
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Don't eat yellow snow.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Don't forget to support the ERA apersonment.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Evening hours "all clear" for romance! (Tell mate you have to work late.)
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Ever wondered why you always run out of breath when you throw up? Ah, but a man's retch should exceed his gasp, else what's a heaving for?
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Faith is the quality that enables you to eat blackberry jam on a picnic without looking to see whether the seeds move.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	"For an adequate time call 555-3321"
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	"He could be a poster child for retroactive birth control."
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	He who sneezes without a handkerchief takes matters into his own hands.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Home is where the hurt is.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Hugh Hefner is a virgin.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Hypocrisy is the vaseline of social intercourse.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	I don't care who you are, Fatso. Get those reindeer off my roof.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	"I was plodding through the woods when suddenly a giant brown bear grabbed me from behind and made me drop my gun. He picked it up and stuck it in my back." "What did you do?" "What *could* I do? I married his daughter."
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	I went into a bar feeling a little depressed, the bartender said, "What'll you have, Bud"? I said," I don't know, surprise me". So he showed me a nude picture of my wife.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	"I've had one child. My husband wants to have another. I'd like to watch him have another."
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	If I could reach, I'd never leave the house.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Ignorance is the Mother of Devotion.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	nsfw	1	In breeding cattle you need one bull for every twenty-five cows, unless the cows are known sluts.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	In light of the New Morality, Playboy Inc. is offering a new version of its magazine, for married men. Every month it has the same centerfold.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	It is better to have Uranus in Cancer than to have Cancer in Uranus.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	It takes a brave man to admit his mistakes. Especially in a paternity hearing.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	It was a female that drove me to drink and I didn't even have the kindness to thank her.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Jesus loves you, but everybody else thinks you're a dork.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Jesus may love you, but I think you're garbage wrapped in skin.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	May a deranged midget on a pogo stick take refuge in your sister's hoop skirt.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	May a diseased yak take a liking to your sister.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	My father was a creole, his father a Negro, and his father a monkey; my family, it seems, begins where yours left off.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	No one born with a mouth and a need is "innocent".
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Objectivity is to a newspaper what virtue is to a woman.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	A stunning blonde, but probably all bean dip above the eyebrows.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	SEX-CHANGE NUN BECOMES TV WRESTLER!!! details at 11!
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Smoking a woman is like kissing a fish.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	So... if you could choose any nose in the whole wide world, which one would you pick?
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Sorry 'bout that sweat, honey. That's just holy water.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	nsfw	1	Television is a whore. Any man who wants her full favors can have them in five minutes with a pistol.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	The moving finger having writ... gestures.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	The only difference between your girlfriend and a barracuda is the nailpolish.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	The Stealth Condom -- they'll never see you coming.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Watch out for a cold wave this week. (Or maybe a warm WAC.)
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friend's nose.
off-miscellaneous	nsfw	general	0	Diary of a Young Girl LITE(tm) -- by Anne Frank A young girl hides in an attic but is discovered.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 - Feb. 18) A friend will step forward and confide in you about your breath. Rely on your outgoing personality and winning smile to get you into a lot of trouble. Be relaxed, things will change. Look for a pink slip on payday. Stop wetting your bed.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 - Feb. 18) You have an inventive mind and are inclined to be progressive. You lie a great deal. On the other hand, you are inclined to be careless and impractical, causing you to make the same mistakes over and over again. People think you are stupid.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	ARIES (Mar. 21 - Apr. 19) Be cheerful today. People who don't like you will outnumber those who do. You have warts. Focus on domestic status, financial matters, and venereal disease. Look for involvement with Libra or Aquarius natives; probably a fistfight with one of each.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	ARIES (Mar. 21 - Apr. 19) You are a wonderfully interesting, honest, hard-working person and you should make many new friends, but you won't because you've got a mean streak in you a mile wide.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	ARIES (Mar. 21 - Apr. 19) You are the pioneer type and hold most people in contempt. You are quick tempered, impatient, and scornful of advice. You are not very nice.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	Astrology... just a bunch of Taurus.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	CANCER (June 21 - July 22) This is a good time for those of you who are rich and happy, but a poor time for those of you born under this sign who are poor and unhappy. To tell you the truth, any day is tough when you're poor and unhappy.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	CANCER (June 21 - July 22) You are sympathetic and understanding to other people's problems. They think you are a sucker. You are always putting things off. That's why you'll never make anything of yourself. Most welfare recipients are Cancer people.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	CAPRICORN (Dec. 22 - Jan. 19) Follow your instincts. You are much too scatterbrained to do anything else, such as think. Romance is in the air, but not for you, so forget it. That pimple on the end of your nose will get worse.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	CAPRICORN (Dec. 22 - Jan. 19) You are conservative and afraid of taking risks. You don't do much of anything and are lazy. There has never been a Capricorn of any importance. Capricorns should avoid standing still for too long as they tend to take root and become trees.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	GEMINI (May 21 - June 20) A day to take the initiative. Put the garbage out, for instance, and pick up the stuff at the dry cleaners. Watch the mail carefully, although there won't be anything good in it today, either.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	GEMINI (May 21 - June 20) Good news and bad news highlighted. Enjoy the good news while you can; the bad news will make you forget it. You will enjoy praise and respect from those around you; everybody loves a sucker. A short trip is in the stars, possibly to the men's room.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	GEMINI (May 21 - June 20) You are a quick and intelligent thinker. People like you because you are bisexual. However, you are inclined to expect too much for too little. This means you are cheap. Geminis are known for committing incest.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	I do not take drugs -- I am drugs.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	LEO (Jul. 23 - Aug. 22) You consider yourself a born leader. Others think you are pushy. Most Leo people are bullies. You are vain and dislike honest criticism. Your arrogance is disgusting. Leo people are thieves.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	LEO (Jul. 23 - Aug. 22) Your presence, poise, charm and good looks won't even help you today. Look over your shoulder; an ugly person may be following you. Be on your toes. Brush your teeth. Take Geritol.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	LIBRA (Sept. 23 - Oct. 22) Major achievements, new friends, and a previously unexplored way to make a lot of money will come to a lot of people today, but unfortunately you won't be one of them. Consider not getting out of bed today.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	LIBRA (Sept. 23 - Oct. 22) You are the artistic type and have a difficult time with reality. If you are a man, you are more than likely gay. Chances for employment and monetary gains are excellent. Most Libra women are prostitutes. All Libra people die of venereal disease.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	LIBRA (Sept. 23 - Oct. 22) Your desire for justice and truth will be overshadowed by your desire for filthy lucre and a decent meal. Be gracious and polite. Someone is watching you, so stop staring like that.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	PISCES (Feb. 19 - Mar. 20) Take the high road, look for the good things, carry the American Express card and a weapon. The world is yours today, as nobody else wants it. Your mortgage will be foreclosed. You will probably get run over by a bus.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	PISCES (Feb. 19 - Mar. 20) You will get some very interesting news of a promotion today. It will go to someone in the office you dislike and will be the job you wanted. Don't lend anyone a car today. You don't have a car.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22 - Dec. 21) Move slowly today, be deliberate. Indications are for bleeding ulcers. Drink milk. Try not to be your usual offensive and obnoxious self. Call your mother.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22 - Dec. 21) You are optimistic and enthusiastic. You have a reckless tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent. The majority of Sagittarians are drunks or dope fiends or both. People laugh at you a great deal.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22 - Dec. 21) Your efforts to help a little old lady cross a street will backfire when you learn that she was waiting for a bus. Subdue impulse you have to push her out into traffic.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	SCORPIO (Oct. 23 - Nov 21.) You are shrewd in business and cannot be trusted. You will achieve the pinnacle of success because of your total lack of ethics. Most Scorpio people are murdered.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	SCORPIO (Oct. 23 - Nov. 21) Friends abound today, seeking repayment of past loans. Smile. Check for concealed weapons. Your natural cheerfulness makes others want to throw up. Knock it off.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	SCORPIO (Oct. 23 - Nov. 21) You will receive word today that you are eligible to win a million dollars in prizes. It will be from a magazine trying to get you to subscribe, and you're just dumb enough to think you've got a chance to win. You never learn.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	TAURUS (Apr. 20 - May 20) Let your self-confidence and determination shine, and people will find you boorish and headstrong. Travel, promotion, and romance highlighted, if you live long enough. Don't take any wooden nickels.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	TAURUS (Apr. 20 - May 20) Take advantage of this opportunity to get a little extra sleep, because you're going to miss the bus again today anyway. You will decide to lose weight today, just like yesterday.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	TAURUS (Apr. 20 - May 20) You are practical and persistent. You have a dogged determination and work like hell. Most people think you are stubborn and bull headed. You are a Communist.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	Those who believe in astrology are living in houses with foundations of Silly Putty.
off-astrology	nsfw	general	0	VIRGO (Aug. 23 - Sept. 22) You are the logical type and hate disorder. This nitpicking is sickening to your friends. You are cold and unemotional and sometimes fall asleep while making love. Virgos make good bus drivers.
off-debian	nsfw	edgy	1	< Overfiend> well, excellent. I get to tear someone a new asshole. -- in #debian-devel
off-debian	nsfw	general	0	< Overfiend> MFen: but if you have the awesome manliness to cleanly implement this missing feature, it will probably be accepted. < Overfiend> you'd be so manly you'd have to rent a wheelbarrow to cart your balls around -- in #debian-devel
off-debian	nsfw	general	0	* Overfiend whacks one of the TODO items off the list < joshk> whacking something else now? < Overfiend> in a manner of speaking :) -- in #debian-devel
off-debian	nsfw	edgy	1	<quinophex> iDunno: anyhow, tbm fits the description of an alug user <quinophex> he uses linux and is based in East Anglia :) <tbm> "he uses linux". I run the Debian project, for fucks sake! :-P
off-debian	nsfw	nsfw	1	< asuffield> 125 should logically be... hmm... function key 20 < asuffield> which is like.. the fuck? < Overfiend> a long penis sticking out of the right side of the keyboard -- in #debian-devel
off-debian	nsfw	general	0	<Joy> To: <MEN.ONLY:ENLARGE.the.SIZE.of.your.MANHOOD.by.3.to.4.inches!!!@jagor.srce.hr> <dark> My manhood is not usually enlarged by men only. Such enlargement often involves women. -- in #debian-devel
off-debian	nsfw	general	0	<Sir_Ahzz> the himilayan rat aparantly doesn't relise humping an allready pregnant female rat gets him nowhere but a bitemark on the leg. * Sir_Ahzz separates the rats. -- in #debian-devel
off-debian	nsfw	general	0	<cell> apt sex <apt> sex is probably updatedb; locate; talk; date; cd; unzip; strip; look; touch; finger; head; mount; fsck; more; yes; yes; umount; make clean; sleep <RST2003> is there a female equivalent of that command line? <lazarus> RST2003: sleep :) -- in #debian
off-debian	nsfw	general	0	<asuffield> don't you people have something better to do than stare at females you will never even meet? <Overfiend_> asuffield: never say never <Overfiend_> asuffield: I don't keep this chloroform-soaked rag in my pocket for NOTHING -- in #debian-devel
off-debian	nsfw	nsfw	1	<Overfiend> OW OW OW OW OW, jesus CHRIST. We're supposed to be FROZEN and our LIBC and BINUTILS are maintained by CVS ADDICTS whose LEFT HAND is SUPERGLUED to their DICKS <Overfiend> "*PANT* *PANT* YEAH BABY!!!! FRESH COMMITS TO CVS!!!!" *PANT* *PANT* -- in #debian-devel
off-debian	nsfw	general	0	< ari> why did gimp fail to build on amd64? < nickr> because you touch yourself at night < ari> how did you know :(
off-debian	nsfw	nsfw	1	No, I'd rather look for porn.
off-debian	nsfw	edgy	1	< ore> God uses GNOME? < joshk> no wonder it rains so often < ore> "Dammit, those damn heaven's gates won't open, gconfd crashed again" -- in #debian-devel
off-debian	nsfw	general	0	<vorlon> I'm a pope-worshipper, so I don't feel bound by your standards. * seeeS thought it said vorlon was a pppoe worshipper -- in #debian-devel
off-debian	nsfw	general	0	< keta> woah, I've been out for a week, a new stable release, a processor on my laptop that will soon be abandoned, if i had had a girlfriend I'll surely would have found her pregnant on my return -- in #debian-devel, following the release of Sarge (3.1r0)
off-debian	nsfw	edgy	1	<mdz_> what the fuck is this code doing? <mdz_> spray_min = SPRAYMAX+1; <asuffield> mdz_: spraying <mdz_> asuffield: sucking
off-debian	nsfw	edgy	1	<Overfiend_> "Hi, I'm too fucking stupid to understand a 15-year old RFC, so please file a proper bug report on punched cards. Thanks."
off-debian	nsfw	edgy	1	* Overfiend prefers girls who have developed, and DON'T FUCKING **GIGGLE**
off-debian	nsfw	edgy	1	<core> i'm glad Debian finally got into polar-deep-freeze-we-arent-shitting-you state finally. -- Seen on #Debian shortly before the release of Debian 2.0
off-linux	nsfw	general	0	A word to the wise: a credentials dicksize war is usually a bad idea on the net.
off-linux	nsfw	general	0	What's this script do? unzip ; touch ; finger ; mount ; gasp ; yes ; umount ; sleep Hint for the answer: not everything is computer-oriented. Sometimes you're in a sleeping bag, camping out with your girlfriend. -- Contributed by Frans van der Zande
off-linux	nsfw	edgy	1	printk("ufs_read_super: fucking Sun blows me\n"); -- /usr/src/linux/fs/ufs/ufs_super.c
off-linux	nsfw	edgy	1	KDE == (see GayDE) Kool Desktop Environment - Make X Window look like winbloze... What a fucking great idea! The developers of this have a mental sickness, please avoid this product -> see GNOME. -- Jakes on #Debian
off-linux	nsfw	general	0	'Mounting' is used for three things: climbing on a horse, linking in a hard disk unit in data systems, and, well, mounting during sex.
off-linux	nsfw	edgy	1	This is a scsi driver, scraes the shit out of me, therefore I tapdanced and wrote a unix clone around it (C) by linus -- Somewhere in the kernel tree
off-linux	nsfw	edgy	1	> No manual is ever necessary. May I politely interject here: BULLSHIT. That's the biggest Apple lie of all! -- Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of interfaces
off-knghtbrd	nsfw	edgy	1	<wc> red dye causes cancer, haven't you heard? (; <Knghtbrd> fucking everything causes cancer, haven't you heard? <Knghtbrd> => <archon> no, that causes aids
off-knghtbrd	nsfw	edgy	1	<Knghtbrd> Europe Passes Pro-spam Law <Knghtbrd> I though only Americans were that fucking stupid => <Espy> apparently americans are quite naive :)
off-knghtbrd	nsfw	edgy	1	// Minor lesson: don't fuck about with something you don't fully understand -- the dosdoom source code
off-knghtbrd	nsfw	edgy	1	"I am ecstatic that some moron re-invented a 1995 windows fuckup."
off-knghtbrd	nsfw	edgy	1	<Deek> Exactly how much of a PITA is this in C? <Knghtbrd> It's written in C++. <Deek> Hence my question. <Knghtbrd> I could do something like it in C. Anyone who saw the results would think I was either a genius or out of my fucking mind. They'd be right on either count.
off-knghtbrd	nsfw	edgy	1	<knghtbrd> *sigh* My todo list is like the fucking energizer bunny <knghtbrd> It keeps growing and growing and growing and ...
off-knghtbrd	nsfw	edgy	1	<Knghtbrd> It is when the example source won't compile ... <``Erik> then you fucked something up <Knghtbrd> Nope, I followed their instructions <``Erik> that may've been your problem :}
off-knghtbrd	nsfw	edgy	1	<Crow-> these stupid head hunters want resumes in ms word format <Crow-> can you write shit in tex and convert it to word? <Overfiend> \converttoword{shit}
off-knghtbrd	nsfw	edgy	1	<Crow-> who gives a shit about US law <jim> anyone living in the US.
off-knghtbrd	nsfw	edgy	1	<knghtbrd> this is college course in formal logic <devkev> knghtbrd: i hate that shit, much prefer fuzzy logic :) <knghtbrd> kev: fuzzy logic tickles. <taniwha> knghtbrd: lol <devkev> knghtbrd: fuzzy logic is so cool, it models the world really well
off-knghtbrd	nsfw	edgy	1	* knghtbrd ponders how to scare the living shit out of 87 people at once.. <knghtbrd> AHH! I can do it in 3 words!: <knghtbrd> Microsoft Visual COBOL.
off-knghtbrd	nsfw	edgy	1	<doogie_> linux takes shit and turns it into something useful. <doogie_> windows takes something useful and turns it into shit
off-knghtbrd	nsfw	edgy	1	<Diziet> Fuck, I can't compile the damn thing and I wrote it !
off-zippy	nsfw	general	0	Do you guys know we just passed through a BLACK HOLE in space?
off-zippy	nsfw	general	0	I don't know WHY I said that ... I think it came from the FILLINGS in my read molars ...
off-zippy	nsfw	general	0	Our father who art in heaven ... I sincerely pray that SOMEBODY at this table will PAY for my SHREDDED WHEAT and ENGLISH MUFFIN ... and also leave a GENEROUS TIP ....
off-art	nsfw	general	0	X-rated movies are all alike ... the only thing they leave to the imagination is the plot.
off-art	nsfw	nsfw	1	Hamburg was fantastic. Between the whores and the groupies our dicks all just about dropped off.
