off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	All I want is a girl made of wood, With fine-grained hair and carven knee. She wouldn't drink and wouldn't smoke, Oh, wooden tit be loverly?
off-songs-poems	society	verse	edgy	1	And it's one, two, three, What are we fighting for? Don't ask me I don't give a damn! Next stop is Vietnam! And it's five, six, seven, Open up the pearly gates. Ain't no time to wonder why Whoopie! We're all going to die.
off-songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	... And malt does more than Milton can To justify God's ways to man.
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	And prively he caughte hire by the queynte, And heeld hire harde by the haunche-bones.
off-songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	And the northern lights commenced to glow. And she said, with a tear in her eye, "Watch out where the huskies go, and don't you eat that yellow snow."
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Be prepared... that's the Boy Scout's solemn creed. Be prepared... to be clean in word and deed. Don't solicit for your sister, that's not nice, Unless you get a good percentage of her price.
off-songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	Behold the unborn fetus and Weep salt tears crocodilian; All life is sacred (save, of course, An enemy civilian).
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Beneath this stone a virgin lies, For her life held no terrors. A virgin born, a virgin died: No hits, no runs, no errors.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Birth, copulation and death. That's all the facts when you come to brass tacks; Birth, copulation and death.
off-songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	Bridget O'Flaherty McHugh Held venal traffic with a gnu. Mistaking fore for aft one morn Impaled herself upon its horn. Moral: Those who seek high ends should shun our furred and feathered friends.
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	But they'll never mechanize me -- not me! Said Charlotte, the Louisville harlot.
off-songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	Champagne don't make me lazy. Cocaine don't drive me crazy. Ain't nobody's business but my own.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Christmas comes but once a year, A time for love and laughter; You can come much more than that, But you have to clean up after.
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Cover your stump before you hump. Before you attack her, wrap your wacker. Don't be silly... protect your Willie. Wrap it in foil before checking her oil. If you're not going to sack it, go home and wack it.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Daisy, Daisy, give me your answer true, Daisy, Daisy, wouldn't you like to screw? I really must beg your pardon, But I've got a hell of a hard-on, From beating my meat, against the seat, Of a bicycle built for two. -- "Daisy, Daisy", "The Dirty Song Book"
off-songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Dave has an areoplane, In which he likes to frisk. Oh what a foolish boy, His silly *.
off-songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	Dear Lord, observe this bended knee This visage meek and humble, And hear this confidential plea Voiced in reverent mumble: Give me Shylock, give me Fagin But O God spare me Ronald Reagan!
off-songs-poems	society	verse	edgy	1	Do not rejoice in his defeat, you men, For though the world stood up And stopped the bastard, The bitch that bore him is in heat again.
off-songs-poems	society	quip	general	0	Eisenhower was very nice, Nixon was his only vice.
off-songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	Filth and old age, I'm sure you will agree, Are powerful wardens upon chastity.
off-songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	Five-foot nine, eyes that shine He was born in Palestine Has anybody seen my Lord? He's so cool, he's so fine Eat his bread and drink his wine Has anybody seen my Lord? He's so neat, he's so cool, Walks across my swimming pool. Has anybody...
off-songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	Forgive, O Lord, my little jokes on Thee And I'll forgive Thy great big one on me.
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Gimme that old bisexuality, Gimme that old bisexuality, Gimme that old bisexuality, 'Cause it's good enough for me! It was good for David Bowie, It was good for David Bowie, It was good for David Bowie, And it's good enough for me!
off-songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	Hail to the sun god He sure is a fun god Ra! Ra! Ra!
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Hark, Hark, the dogs do bark The Duke is fond of kittens He likes to take their insides out And use them for his mittens
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	He drank with curvy Mabel, The pace was fast and furious, He slid beneath the table, Not drunk but merely curious.
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	He tells you when you've got on too much lipstick, And helps you with your girdle when your hips stick.
off-songs-poems	faith	dark	general	0	Hell hath no limits, nor is circumscribed in one self place, for where we are is Hell, and where Hell is there must we ever be.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Here I sit, my cheeks a flexin', Just gave birth to another Texan.
off-songs-poems	love	quip	general	0	Here lies my wife: her let her lie! Now she's at rest, and so am I.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	nsfw	1	Here's a toast to Screwy Dick, The man who was born with a corkscrew prick. He spent his life in a futile hunt, To find a woman with a spiral cunt. And when he did, he dropped stone dead, 'Cause the blasted thing had a left-hand thread!
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Here's to the girl in little red shoes, She drinks my liquor, she drinks my booze, She has no cherry, but that's no sin, She has the box the cherry came in.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Here's to the girl that's dressed in black, She's dressed so neat there's nothing to lack She feels so fine and kisses so sweet She makes things stand that have no feet.
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Here's to the girl that's sweet, Here's to the girl that's true, Here's to the girl in all our hearts... In other words, guys, what do you say we all go downtown for the rest of the night?
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Here's to the woman beautiful and divine she flowers every month bears fruit every nine she's the only creature 'tween heaven and hell can get the juice from a nut without cracking the shell.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Hickory Dickory Dock, Three mice ran up a clock! The clock struck one, Right in the balls! There was an old woman, Who lived in a shoe, Who had so many children, Her uterus fell right out.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Higgledy Piggledy Coeducational Yale University Extracurricular Gave up misogyny Heterosexual Opened its door. Fun is in store.
off-songs-poems	society	dark	general	0	I had a dream last night... I dreamt about 1976. I dreamt about a country with incurable brain damage... I even dreamt they gave it a heart transplant. Then I woke up and I knew it was only a nightmare... so I went back to sleep again.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I have a funny daddy Who goes in and out with me And everything that baby does Daddy's sure to see, And everything that baby says, My daddy's sure to tell. You must have read my daddy's verse. I hope he fries in Hell.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I love to eat them Smurfies Smurfies what I love to eat Bite they ugly heads off, Nibble on they bluish feet.
off-songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	I think the Mormon prophet Was a very funny man. I wonder how his wives enjoyed His Prophet Sharing Plan.
off-songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	I'm glad that I'm an American, I'm glad that I am free, But I wish I were a little doggy, And McGovern were a tree.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I'm not a pheasant plucker, I'm a pheasant plucker's son. I'm just a'plucking pheasants 'Til the pheasant plucker comes.
off-songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	If you need anything just whistle. You know how to whistle, don't you, Steve? Just put your lips together and blow.
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	If you'd like to cultivate insomnia, Bed down with a pretty girl. Amor vincit omnia.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	nsfw	1	In days of old, when knights were bold, And rubbers weren't invented, They tied their socks around their cocks And babies were prevented.
off-songs-poems	love	observation	general	0	In her first passion woman loves her lover, In all the others all she loves is love.
off-songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	In the days of old, When Knights were bold, And women were too cautious; Oh, those gallant days, When women were women, And men were really obnoxious.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	In youth, it was a way I had To do my best to please, And change, with every passing lad, To suit his theories. But now I know the things I know, And do the things I do; And if you do not like me so, To hell, my love, with you!
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Jack an Jill went up the hill. Jill went down, Jack came.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Jack and Jill Went up the hill, Each had a buck and a quarter! Jill came down, With two and a half, You think they went for water?
off-songs-poems	life	verse	edgy	1	Jack be nimble, Jack be quick, Jack jumped over the candle stick. But Jack wasn't so nimble, Jack wasn't so quick, So Jack's in the hospital, with a burned up dick!
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Jack be nimble, Jack be quick. Jack jumped over the candle stick, And burnt his balls.
off-songs-poems	life	dark	general	0	Kill Kill, Hate Hate, Murder, Maim, and Mutilate!
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Let's love each other slowly, reaching for a plane, of exquisite pleasure, and delicate pain.
off-songs-poems	faith	quip	general	0	Like private parts to the Gods are we, they play with us for their sport.
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Lipstick on your dipstick told a tale on you, Lipstick on your dipstick said you were untrue. Bet your bottom dollar you and I are through, 'Cause lipstick on your dipstick told a tale on you. -- To the tune of "Lipstick On Your Collar"
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Little Johnny with a grin, Drank up all of daddy's gin, Mother said, when he was plastered, Go to bed, you little ... love-child.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Little Mary on the ice, Went out to have a frisk, Now wasn't little Mary nice, Her pretty *?
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet, Eating her curds and whey. Along came a spider, And bit her right in the snatch.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Little Miss Muffet sat on a tuffet, Her knickers all tattered and torn. For it wasn't a spider that sat down beside her, But Little Boy Blue with his horn!
off-songs-poems	life	verse	edgy	1	Little Miss Muffet, Sat on her tuffet, Smoking some THC. Along came a narc'er who sat down beside her And said, "So... what's in the bag, bitch?!"
off-songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	Love to eat them mousies, Mousies I love to eat. Bite they little heads off, Nibble at they tiny feet.
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Love's Drug My love is like an iron wand That conks me on the head, My love is like the valium That I take before my bed, My love is like the pint of scotch That I drink when I be dry; And I shall love thee still, my dear, Until my wife is wise.
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Man's lust for a bust is hardly recent, Some say not even indecent. But if you lust, It's a must!
off-songs-poems	life	verse	edgy	1	Mary had a little lamb, It's fleece as white as snow. It followed her to school one day, And got fucked by a big black dog.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Mary had a little lamb, She kept it in a bucket. And every time she let it out, The bulldog used to ... Umm, chase it around the garden.
off-songs-poems	life	joke	general	0	Mary had a little lamb, The lamb turned out to be a ram, Now Mary has a little lamb.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Mary had a little sheep, And with the sheep she went to sleep, The sheep turned out to be a ram, And Mary had a little lamb.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Mary had a little watch; She swallowed it one day. And so she took some Ex-Lax To pass the time away. But when she took the Ex-Lax The time it did not pass. So when you want to know the time, Just look up Mary's ... Uncle. (He has a watch, too)
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Men have many faults, Women only two: Everything they say, And everything they do!
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Missed the train at the railway station Oh hell, blast, and damnation! Asked a lady in there if she had the time, She said "Yes", and a strong inclination.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	edgy	1	Mistress Mary, quite contrary, How does your garden grow? With silver bells and cockle shells, And one really fucked-up petunia.
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Money cannot buy The fuel of love but is excellent kindling. To the man-in-the-street, who, I'm sorry to say, Is a keen observer of life, The word intellectual suggests right away A man who's untrue to his wife.
off-songs-poems	science	verse	general	0	Nature and nature's laws lay hid in night, God said, "Let Newton be," and all was light. It did not last; the devil howling "Ho! Let Einstein be!" restored the status quo.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Nobody loves me, Everybody hates me, I think I'll go out and eat worms. I'm gonna cut their heads off, Eat their insides out, And throw way the skins. Big, fat, juicy ones, Little, skinny, cute ones, Watch how they wiggle and they squirm.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	O! If I were a fish I'd lay hap'ly on my dish. Yes, that's my one and only wish -- To be a fish! For fish don't ever mish; They needn't flush after they pish! Yes, and life's just swish, swish, swish, For all the fish!!!
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Oh give me a home, where the bookmakers roam, Where the beer and the whiskey flows free, Where never is heard, a discouraging word, And the call-girls keep callin' for me!
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Oh, I could while away the hours, Smoking herbs and flowers, Shooting up my veins, De-dum, De-dum, De-dum Tell you, I've been a-thinkin' I could drive a shiny Lincoln, If I dealt in good cocaine.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Old King Cole was a merry old soul, A merry old soul was he. He called for his pipe, And he called for his drums, And he fiddled with his call girls three.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Old McDonald had a farm, E-I-E-I-O! And on this farm he had some chicks, E-I-E-I-O! With a chick-chick here, And a chick-chick there, Here a chick, There a chick, Everywhere a chick-chick, Old McDonald lost his farm 'Cause he had too many chicks!
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Old Mother Hubbard, Went to the cubbard, To get her poor doggie a bone. But when she stooped over, Old Rover, he drove her. You see, he had a bone of his own.
off-songs-poems	society	verse	edgy	1	Piddle, twiddle, and resolve, Not one damn thing do we solve. -- 1776
off-songs-poems	society	verse	edgy	1	Posterity will ne'er survey A nobler grave than this; Here lie the bones of Castlereagh; Stop, traveler, and piss.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	San Francisco is my kind of city, Where the women are strong and the men are pretty.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	edgy	1	Send lawyers, guns, and money, The shit has hit the fan.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Sex and drugs and rock and roll, Is all my brain and body need. Sex and drugs and rock and roll, Are very good indeed. Take your silly ways, Throw them out the window, The wisdom of your ways, I've been there and I know, Lots of other ways...
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Sex is great, Sex is grand, Sex around here, Is mostly by hand.
off-songs-poems	love	pun	general	0	She never liked zippers, she said, Until she opened one in bed.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	She was bred in ol' Kentucky But she's just a crumb up here She was knock-knee'd and double-jointed With a cauliflower ear Someday we will be married And if vegetables become too dear I'll just cut me a slice of Her cauliflower ear!
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	She's such a kinky girl, The kind you don't take home to mother. She will never let your spirits down Once you get her off the street.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	So, good night, you moonlit ladies, Rock-a-bye sweet baby James. Deep greens and blues are the colors I choose, Won't you let me go down in my dreams? And rock-a-bye sweet baby James.
off-songs-poems	faith	quip	general	0	Sodomy, fellatio, cunnilingus, pederasty, Father, why do these words sound so nasty?
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Starkle, starkle, little twink, Who the hell you are I think I'm not as drunk as thinkle peep I'm just a little slort of sheep. Tee martoonis make a guy, Feel so woozy, I don't know why. So mass the pixer and kill my fup I've all day sober to sunday up.
off-songs-poems	food	verse	general	0	Tequila my girl, is deceiving: Take two at the very most. Take three and you're under the table, Take four and you're under the host.
off-songs-poems	work-money	verse	general	0	The orders come down and they march us away. There's a battle outside and we join in the fray. God, it's hell when you know this could be your last day, But it's better than working for Xerox.
off-songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	The poor little doe Crawled out of the woods, Tired, bedraggled and blue. "Look," she said, "What I did for a buck, I should have asked for two!"
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	The rich man uses vaseline, The poor man uses lard; The worker uses axle grease But gets it twice as hard.
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	This land is made of mountains, This land is made of mud, This land has lots of everything, For me and Elmer Fudd. This land has lots of trousers, This land has lots of mousers, And pussycats to eat them When the sun goes down.
off-songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	Tiddely Quiddely Edward M. Kennedy Quite unaccountably Drove in a stream. Pleas of amnesia Incomprehensible Possibly shattered Political dream.
off-songs-poems	life	pun	edgy	1	Virginity is a bubble on the sea of life, which takes but one prick to break.
off-songs-poems	work-money	quip	general	0	We own this land. I don't spend any time on this land. This is a tiny little piece of my business interests. It's like a grain of sand. -- "Alliance Airport, from The Poetry Of H. Ross Perot, recited on ABC's Town Meeting, June 29, 1992. From SPY Magazine, November 1992
off-songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	We must! We must! We must increase our bust! The bigger the better! The tighter the sweater! And the boys will think more of us!
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	What's the ugliest part of your body? What's the ugliest part of your body? Some say your nose, Some say your toes, But I think it's your mind.
off-songs-poems	food	quip	general	0	When I demanded of my friend what viands he preferred, He quoth: "A large cold bottle, and a small hot bird!"
off-songs-poems	life	dark	general	0	when i die, i'd like to go peacefully. in my sleep. like my grandfather. not screaming, like the passengers in his car...
off-songs-poems	life	verse	edgy	1	When things go wrong as they usually will, And your daily road seems all uphill, When funds are low and debts are high, When you try to smile, but can only cry -- And you really feel you'd like to quit, Don't talk to me; I don't give a shit.
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	You may carve it on his tombstone, you may cut it on his card That a young man married is a young man marred.
off-songs-poems	society	quip	general	0	You say potatoe, And I say potato. You say tomatoe, And I say tomato. Potatoe, potato, Tomatoe, tomato. Let's go be the Vice President...
off-songs-poems	love	insult	edgy	1	You wanna play the dozens, Well, the dozens is a game, But the way I fuck your mother is an ass-wringing shame!
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	You will always have friends Some friends will peter out. But I'll always be your friend, Peter in or peter out.
off-songs-poems	family	verse	general	0	Your mother's ghost stands at your shoulder Face like ice, a little bit colder She says "You can't do that it breaks all the rules You learned in school," But I don't really see Why can't we go on as three?
off-songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Your spooning days are over, And your pilot light is out; When what used to be your sex appeal Is now your water spout!
off-songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Zippity doo dah, zippity ay, I just gave my sister's cherry away! To a couple of truckers from Erie P.A., Zippity doo dah, zippity ay.
