off-privates	life	quip	general	0	A child can go only so far in life without potty training. It is not mere coincidence that six of the last seven presidents were potty trained, not to mention nearly half of the nation's state legislators.
off-privates	life	pun	general	0	A proctologist is a doctor who puts in a hard day at the orifice.
off-privates	life	dark	general	0	A young lady friend of mine just swallowed a razor blade... She performed a tonsillectomy, an appendectomy, a hysterectomy, three circumcisions, and cut off the finger of a casual friend.
off-privates	society	quip	general	0	Adopting the metric system would have certain psychological advantages -- such as being able to claim 18 centimeters instead of seven inches.
off-privates	society	quip	nsfw	1	All jobs should be open to everybody, unless they actually require a penis or a vagina.
off-privates	life	joke	nsfw	1	An old maid wanted to travel by bus to the pet cemetery with the remains of her cat. As she boarded the bus, she whispered to the driver, "I have a dead pussy." The driver pointed to the woman in the seat behind him and said, "Sit with my wife. You two have a lot in common."
off-privates	life	joke	general	0	And now, the Bing Crosby show, brought to you by the makers of Ex-Lax. ... a brief pause, and then Bing!
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	Anything more than three shakes is for fun.
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	Captain Hook died of jock itch.
off-privates	society	joke	edgy	1	"Carefully study these two enlarged photographs on display, Mr. Rafferty," the attorney for a politician suing a newspaper for libel instructed his client on the witness stand, "and indicate which is your ass and which is a hole in the ground."
off-privates	science	observation	general	0	Diet Mountain Dew has the same pH and density of urine.
off-privates	life	dark	general	0	Due to a mixup in urology, orange juice will not be served this morning.
off-privates	food	quip	general	0	Eat prune yogurt for that "get up and go" feeling.
off-privates	love	dark	edgy	1	Fat dirty farts came spluttering out of your backside. You had an arse full of farts that night, darling, and I fucked them out of you, big fat fellows, long windy ones, quick little merry cracks...
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	Good day for water sports. Take a bath with a friend.
off-privates	life	observation	nsfw	1	Half the posts to this group are about masturbation and the other half are about penis size. And what I want to know is, if all you're doing is jerking off, why do you care how big it is? -- From alt.sex
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	Halt!! Who goes there, friend or enema?
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	He carried me over the stream, striding through the current, his strong, muscular, thighs scarcely hesitating as he sure-footedly forded the water. But what was that bulge, small, oblong, solid, that might have been, say, a pocket camera?
off-privates	faith	joke	general	0	He who farts in church must sit in his own pew.
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	Her figure described a set of parabolas that could cause cardiac arrest in a yak.
off-privates	tech	dark	nsfw	1	HOW TO REMOVE STAINS -- #28 Semen stains can be removed from computer terminals with Fantastik or the like. Use Windex on the glass however, and be sure to turn the power off if you have to clean between the keys.
off-privates	life	insult	general	0	I can't believe that out of 100,000 sperm, you were the quickest.
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	I choked Linda Lovelace.
off-privates	life	dark	general	0	I continued wetting my bed for a long time, not just out of contrariness, but to have the pleasure of feeling my warm urine running down my legs and wallowing in its odor.
off-privates	life	joke	edgy	1	I don't want to say that she had big tits, but one day I asked her just how big they was, and she said, "7 and 7/8". I said, "7 and 7/8?! What did you measure 'em with?" And she replied, "A Stetson."
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	I know what you're up to, you white-feathered fiend! Go release your bowels on some lesser personage!
off-privates	life	joke	general	0	I tell ya, I knew my morning wasn't going right. When I put on my shirt the button fell off, when I picked up my briefcase, the handle fell off, I tell ya, I was afraid to go to the bathroom.
off-privates	life	quip	edgy	1	I was a cock-teaser at Rooster Rama. I used to enrage the bantams before the big bouts.
off-privates	life	dark	general	0	I was toilet-trained at gunpoint.
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	I will not be briefed or debriefed, my underwear is my own.
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	I'm not laughing behind your back; everything funny is in front!
off-privates	society	quip	edgy	1	In France they piss on Main Street. (In pissoirs, Mama, not cheap display).
off-privates	science	quip	general	0	In outer space, nobody can hear you fart.
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	It takes leather balls to play rugby. (Blood makes the grass grow!)
off-privates	life	joke	general	0	Lady to Golf Pro: "I was stung by bees on your golf course!" Pro: "Ummm, well, where?" Lady: "Between the 1st and 2nd holes." Pro: "That's going to real tough to treat."
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	... like, what do they mean when they say 'feminine protection'? What's that? A chartreuse flamethrower?
off-privates	life	joke	general	0	Man in stall: Hey, buddy? Is there any toilet paper out there? Man at sink: No, I don't see any. Just a second... Nope, none in any of the other stalls either. A minute passes. Man in stall: Say, buddy? Man at sink: Yeah? Man in stall: You got change for a ten?
off-privates	life	joke	general	0	Man who dance in crowded ballroom dance cheek to cheek with woman behind him.
off-privates	work-money	pun	general	0	Man who keep money in jockstrap has financial matters all balled up.
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	Many a bachelor feels the need to insert his masculinity.
off-privates	life	insult	general	0	May Allah blow sand in your Preparation H.
off-privates	life	dark	general	0	May the fairy god-camel leave a lump on your pillow!
off-privates	food	joke	general	0	Maybe if the guy who developed Twinkies hadn't had such a low opinion of himself they would have been an inch or two longer!
off-privates	food	dark	nsfw	1	"Mind you, not as bad as the night Archie Pettigrew ate some sheep's testicles for a bet... God, that bloody sheep kicked him!"
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	Mr. Rection, Mr. Hugh G. Rection, please pick up a white courtesy telephone!
off-privates	family	joke	general	0	My mother didn't breast-feed me. She said she liked me as a friend.
off-privates	health-body	dark	general	0	My wife has breast cancer. She told me to start dating.
off-privates	life	dark	general	0	Naked children are so perfectly pure and lovely. I confess I do not admire naked boys. They always seem to me to need clothes -- whereas one hardly sees why the lovely forms of girls should ever be covered up.
off-privates	love	joke	nsfw	1	Naked couple in bed, woman says to man: "When I said I had a foot fetish, I was referring to cocks."
off-privates	life	aphorism	general	0	Once you've got them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.
off-privates	nature	pun	edgy	1	One who does not know a burro from a burrow does not know his ass from a hole in the ground!
off-privates	life	quip	edgy	1	Opinions are like assholes -- everyone's got one, but nobody wants to look at the other guy's.
off-privates	life	fact	general	0	Raquel Welch: 36-24-36 Bo Derek: 35-24-36 Ann-Margaret: 37-25-36 Bette Middler: 37-25-36 Marilyn Monroe: 37-24-37 Jane Russell: 39-27-38 Jayne Mansfield: 40-23-37 Sophia Loren: 37-25-36
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	Rugby is a game played by men with peculiarly shaped balls.
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	Short man who dance with tall woman gets bust in mouth.
off-privates	society	dark	general	0	Sir Francis Drake circumcised the world with a 100 foot clipper.
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	Size counts.
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	Sniff sniff... Hey! Who farted?
off-privates	life	dark	general	0	Snow White: "Gee guys, I've always dreamed of getting ten inches... but not an inch-and-a-half at a time!
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	Sometimes guys'll say to you, "Have a good one." I say, "I already have a good one. Now I'm looking for a longer one."
off-privates	work-money	quip	general	0	Success is like a fart -- only your own smells nice.
off-privates	life	joke	edgy	1	The difference between this school and a cactus plant is that the cactus has the pricks on the outside.
off-privates	arts	quip	general	0	The only way for writers to meet is to share a quick pee over a common lamppost.
off-privates	life	quip	nsfw	1	The real trouble with women is that they have *all* the pussy.
off-privates	life	pun	general	0	There's a vas deferens between men and women.
off-privates	life	quip	edgy	1	Tonight's piss is tomorrow's Tang.
off-privates	tech	observation	general	0	USENET is like a herd of performing elephants with diarrhea -- massive, difficult to redirect, awe-inspiring, entertaining, and a source of mind-boggling amounts of excrement when you least expect it.
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	Well, God gave me a bust. What am I supposed to do with it?
off-privates	love	quip	general	0	What a man enjoys most about a woman's clothes are his fantasies of how she would look without them.
off-privates	society	dark	general	0	Why not, for example, offer a brand-new Mustang convertible to every girl who consents to having her Fallopian tubes tied in a Gordian knot? ... It would have the additional benefit of eliminating from the gene pool those stupid enough to consent to such a deal.
off-privates	work-money	dark	edgy	1	Working hard around here is like pissing on yourself in a dark suit; you get a warm feeling but nobody notices.
off-privates	tech	quip	general	0	Would you rather have a 5-inch hard or an 8-inch floppy?
off-privates	food	quip	general	0	Ya know, Quaker Oats make you feel good twice!
off-privates	life	quip	general	0	You are witty, charming, handsome and above average in length.
off-privates	life	dark	edgy	1	You know what burns my ass? A flame about three feet high.
off-privates	life	insult	edgy	1	You should be a hemorrhoid, you're such a pain in the ass.
