off-astrology	life	quip	general	0	AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 - Feb. 18) A friend will step forward and confide in you about your breath. Rely on your outgoing personality and winning smile to get you into a lot of trouble. Be relaxed, things will change. Look for a pink slip on payday. Stop wetting your bed.
off-astrology	life	joke	general	0	AQUARIUS (Jan. 20 - Feb. 18) You have an inventive mind and are inclined to be progressive. You lie a great deal. On the other hand, you are inclined to be careless and impractical, causing you to make the same mistakes over and over again. People think you are stupid.
off-astrology	life	dark	general	0	ARIES (Mar. 21 - Apr. 19) Be cheerful today. People who don't like you will outnumber those who do. You have warts. Focus on domestic status, financial matters, and venereal disease. Look for involvement with Libra or Aquarius natives; probably a fistfight with one of each.
off-astrology	life	quip	general	0	ARIES (Mar. 21 - Apr. 19) You are a wonderfully interesting, honest, hard-working person and you should make many new friends, but you won't because you've got a mean streak in you a mile wide.
off-astrology	life	quip	general	0	ARIES (Mar. 21 - Apr. 19) You are the pioneer type and hold most people in contempt. You are quick tempered, impatient, and scornful of advice. You are not very nice.
off-astrology	life	pun	general	0	Astrology... just a bunch of Taurus.
off-astrology	life	dark	general	0	CANCER (June 21 - July 22) This is a good time for those of you who are rich and happy, but a poor time for those of you born under this sign who are poor and unhappy. To tell you the truth, any day is tough when you're poor and unhappy.
off-astrology	life	dark	general	0	CANCER (June 21 - July 22) You are sympathetic and understanding to other people's problems. They think you are a sucker. You are always putting things off. That's why you'll never make anything of yourself. Most welfare recipients are Cancer people.
off-astrology	life	dark	general	0	CAPRICORN (Dec. 22 - Jan. 19) Follow your instincts. You are much too scatterbrained to do anything else, such as think. Romance is in the air, but not for you, so forget it. That pimple on the end of your nose will get worse.
off-astrology	life	dark	general	0	CAPRICORN (Dec. 22 - Jan. 19) You are conservative and afraid of taking risks. You don't do much of anything and are lazy. There has never been a Capricorn of any importance. Capricorns should avoid standing still for too long as they tend to take root and become trees.
off-astrology	life	quip	general	0	GEMINI (May 21 - June 20) A day to take the initiative. Put the garbage out, for instance, and pick up the stuff at the dry cleaners. Watch the mail carefully, although there won't be anything good in it today, either.
off-astrology	life	quip	general	0	GEMINI (May 21 - June 20) Good news and bad news highlighted. Enjoy the good news while you can; the bad news will make you forget it. You will enjoy praise and respect from those around you; everybody loves a sucker. A short trip is in the stars, possibly to the men's room.
off-astrology	life	joke	general	0	GEMINI (May 21 - June 20) You are a quick and intelligent thinker. People like you because you are bisexual. However, you are inclined to expect too much for too little. This means you are cheap. Geminis are known for committing incest.
off-astrology	life	quip	general	0	I do not take drugs -- I am drugs.
off-astrology	life	insult	general	0	LEO (Jul. 23 - Aug. 22) You consider yourself a born leader. Others think you are pushy. Most Leo people are bullies. You are vain and dislike honest criticism. Your arrogance is disgusting. Leo people are thieves.
off-astrology	life	dark	general	0	LEO (Jul. 23 - Aug. 22) Your presence, poise, charm and good looks won't even help you today. Look over your shoulder; an ugly person may be following you. Be on your toes. Brush your teeth. Take Geritol.
off-astrology	life	quip	general	0	LIBRA (Sept. 23 - Oct. 22) Major achievements, new friends, and a previously unexplored way to make a lot of money will come to a lot of people today, but unfortunately you won't be one of them. Consider not getting out of bed today.
off-astrology	life	dark	general	0	LIBRA (Sept. 23 - Oct. 22) You are the artistic type and have a difficult time with reality. If you are a man, you are more than likely gay. Chances for employment and monetary gains are excellent. Most Libra women are prostitutes. All Libra people die of venereal disease.
off-astrology	life	quip	general	0	LIBRA (Sept. 23 - Oct. 22) Your desire for justice and truth will be overshadowed by your desire for filthy lucre and a decent meal. Be gracious and polite. Someone is watching you, so stop staring like that.
off-astrology	life	dark	general	0	PISCES (Feb. 19 - Mar. 20) Take the high road, look for the good things, carry the American Express card and a weapon. The world is yours today, as nobody else wants it. Your mortgage will be foreclosed. You will probably get run over by a bus.
off-astrology	life	dark	general	0	PISCES (Feb. 19 - Mar. 20) You will get some very interesting news of a promotion today. It will go to someone in the office you dislike and will be the job you wanted. Don't lend anyone a car today. You don't have a car.
off-astrology	life	quip	general	0	SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22 - Dec. 21) Move slowly today, be deliberate. Indications are for bleeding ulcers. Drink milk. Try not to be your usual offensive and obnoxious self. Call your mother.
off-astrology	life	joke	general	0	SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22 - Dec. 21) You are optimistic and enthusiastic. You have a reckless tendency to rely on luck since you lack talent. The majority of Sagittarians are drunks or dope fiends or both. People laugh at you a great deal.
off-astrology	life	dark	general	0	SAGITTARIUS (Nov. 22 - Dec. 21) Your efforts to help a little old lady cross a street will backfire when you learn that she was waiting for a bus. Subdue impulse you have to push her out into traffic.
off-astrology	life	dark	general	0	SCORPIO (Oct. 23 - Nov 21.) You are shrewd in business and cannot be trusted. You will achieve the pinnacle of success because of your total lack of ethics. Most Scorpio people are murdered.
off-astrology	life	dark	general	0	SCORPIO (Oct. 23 - Nov. 21) Friends abound today, seeking repayment of past loans. Smile. Check for concealed weapons. Your natural cheerfulness makes others want to throw up. Knock it off.
off-astrology	life	dark	general	0	SCORPIO (Oct. 23 - Nov. 21) You will receive word today that you are eligible to win a million dollars in prizes. It will be from a magazine trying to get you to subscribe, and you're just dumb enough to think you've got a chance to win. You never learn.
off-astrology	life	quip	general	0	TAURUS (Apr. 20 - May 20) Let your self-confidence and determination shine, and people will find you boorish and headstrong. Travel, promotion, and romance highlighted, if you live long enough. Don't take any wooden nickels.
off-astrology	life	quip	general	0	TAURUS (Apr. 20 - May 20) Take advantage of this opportunity to get a little extra sleep, because you're going to miss the bus again today anyway. You will decide to lose weight today, just like yesterday.
off-astrology	society	dark	general	0	TAURUS (Apr. 20 - May 20) You are practical and persistent. You have a dogged determination and work like hell. Most people think you are stubborn and bull headed. You are a Communist.
off-astrology	faith	quip	general	0	Those who believe in astrology are living in houses with foundations of Silly Putty.
off-astrology	life	quip	general	0	VIRGO (Aug. 23 - Sept. 22) You are the logical type and hate disorder. This nitpicking is sickening to your friends. You are cold and unemotional and sometimes fall asleep while making love. Virgos make good bus drivers.
