off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	A GOOD WAY TO THREATEN somebody is to light a stick of dynamite. Then you call the guy and hold the burning fuse to the phone. "Hear that?" you say. "That's dynamite, baby."
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	A truly wise man never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	A truly wise woman never plays leapfrog with a unicorn.
off-black-humor	life	wisdom	general	0	Always run from a knife and rush a gun.
off-black-humor	love	quip	general	0	An encounter with a beautiful woman is good medicine for the well organized logical mind -- a little jolt never hurt. Note that the anarchists have been saying this for years about the A-bomb and civilization.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it that was very pleasurable - until I realized it wasn't a nectarine at all, but A HUMAN HEAD!!
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	At social gatherings, I would amuse everyone by standing uponst the coffee table and striking meself repeatedly upon the head with a brick.
off-black-humor	society	dark	general	0	"Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think Abraham Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today? (1) Writing his memoirs of the Civil War. (2) Advising the President. (3) Desperately clawing at the inside of his coffin."
off-black-humor	life	dark	edgy	1	Bitch, bitch, bitch -- That's all I ever hear, Ever since the dog ate the baby, "Get rida the dog, get rida the dog."
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Blood flows down one leg and up the other.
off-black-humor	family	dark	general	0	Blood is thicker than water, and much tastier.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	"By the time they had diminished from 50 to 8, the other dwarves began to suspect 'Hungry' ..."
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	Crush! Kill! Destroy!
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	Cut a man's hand when you fight him. He'll freeze, fascinated by the sight of his own blood. That's when you stick him in the throat.
off-black-humor	family	dark	general	0	Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess is why several of us died of tuberculosis.
off-black-humor	life	dark	nsfw	1	Dammit, how many times do I have to tell you? FIRST you rape, THEN you pillage!!
off-black-humor	life	quip	edgy	1	Damned if I know. And you can be fuckin' sure I'll never rent no car from Avis again.
off-black-humor	food	quip	general	0	Dessert is probably the most important stage of the meal, since it will be the last thing your guests remember before they pass out all over the table.
off-black-humor	society	dark	general	0	Dig it, first they killed those pigs, then they ate dinner in the same room with them, then they even shoved a fork in a victim's stomach. Wild!
off-black-humor	life	quip	nsfw	1	Does it rape elephants?
off-black-humor	life	tv-quote	general	0	Don't crush that dwarf, hand me the pliers!
off-black-humor	life	observation	general	0	Driving in Texas is simple. For the first 100 miles you swerve to avoid jackrabbits. For the second 100 miles you hit whatever jackrabbits get in the way. After that you chase off into the brush after them.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Eat one live toad the first thing in the morning and nothing worse will happen to you the rest of the day. [Well, actually, to either of you... Ed.]
off-black-humor	society	dark	general	0	Eat the rich -- the poor are tough and stringy.
off-black-humor	life	observation	general	0	Even popularity can be overdone. In Rome, along at first, you are full of regrets that Michaelangelo died; but by and by you only regret that you didn't see him do it.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Every suicide is a solution to a problem.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	Fine day to throw a party. Throw him as far as you can.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	FOR SALE: Parachute. Used once. Never opened. Slightly Stained.
off-black-humor	arts	quip	general	0	FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS! #6 RAZORBACK: Paul Harbride, 1984, 2 hours 25 min. One of the great Australian films of the early 1980's, and arguably the best movie ever made about a large, man-eating hog. Some violence. With Gregory Harrison.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	FORTUNE DISCUSSES THE OBSCURE FILMS: #11 MONOPOLI: Peter Weir's classic film examining the false heroism of parlour games. The powerful ending of the film sees one young man after another charge toward GO, only to senselessly lose his life on the Boardwalk property.
off-black-humor	life	joke	general	0	FORTUNE PRESENTS FAMOUS LAST WORDS: #4 Socrates: I DRANK WHAT!?!? Tarzan: Who greased the grape viiiiiiiiiiiinnnneee........ Al Capone: There's a violin in my violin case! Pilot, TWA Fl. #343: What's a mountain goat doing 'way up here?
off-black-humor	life	quip	edgy	1	God grant us the serenity to accept the things we cannot change, courage to change the things we can, and wisdom to hide the bodies of the slobs we have to kill for pissing us off ...
off-black-humor	life	observation	general	0	Goldfish... what stupid animals. Even Wayne Cody stops eating before he bursts.
off-black-humor	nature	dark	general	0	Groundhog Day has been observed only once in Los Angeles because when the groundhog came out of its hole, it was killed by a mudslide.
off-black-humor	society	quip	general	0	Guns don't kill people. Bullets kill people.
off-black-humor	family	dark	general	0	Happy is the child whose father died rich.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Have you flogged your kid today?
off-black-humor	society	dark	general	0	He heard the snick of a rifle bolt and found himself peering down the muzzle of a weapon held by a drunken liquor store owner -- "There's a conflict," he said, "there's a conflict between land and people... the people have to go..."
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	He is useless on top of the ground; he ought to be under it, inspiring the cabbages.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	He was the sort of person whose personality would be greatly improved by a terminal illness.
off-black-humor	arts	quip	general	0	He was the world's only armless sculptor. He put the chisel in his mouth and his wife hit him on the back of the head with a mallet.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	He's got the heart of a little child, and he keeps it in a jar on his desk.
off-black-humor	life	joke	general	0	"Heard you were moving your piano, so I came over to help." "Thanks. Got it upstairs already." "Do it alone?" "Nope. Hitched the cat to it." "How would that help?" "Used a whip."
off-black-humor	society	dark	nsfw	1	Help Stamp Out Rape! (Say Yes.)
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	HERE'S A GOOD JOKE to do during an earthquake. Straddle a big crack in the earth and if it opens wider, go, "Whoa! Whoa!" and flap your arms around as if you're going to fall.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Hire the handicapped -- they're fun to watch!
off-black-humor	tech	quip	general	0	Home of Doberman Propulsion Laboratories: The ultimate in watchdog weaponry.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	How to Raise Your I.Q. by Eating Gifted Children -- Book title by Lewis B. Frumkes
off-black-humor	life	joke	edgy	1	"How'd you get that flat?" "Ran over a bottle." "Didn't you see it?" "Damn kid had it under his coat."
off-black-humor	work-money	dark	general	0	I can't stand this proliferation of paperwork. It's useless to fight the forms. You've got to kill the people producing them.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	I collect rare photographs... I have two... One of Houdini locking his keys in his car... the other is a rare picture of Norman Rockwell beating up a child.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	I could never learn to like her -- except on a raft at sea with no other provisions in sight.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	I GUESS OF ALL MY UNCLES, I liked Uncle Caveman the best. We called him Uncle Caveman because he lived in a cave and because sometimes he'd eat one of us. Later, we found out he was a bear.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	I GUESS WE WERE ALL GUILTY, in a way. We shot him, we skinned him, and we all got a complimentary bumper sticker that said, "I helped skin Bob."
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	I had a dream that all the victims of The Pill came back...boy, were they mad!
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	I had to hit him -- he was starting to make sense.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	I have a very firm grasp on reality! I can reach out and strangle it any time!
off-black-humor	life	dark	edgy	1	"I know a life of crime led me to this sorry state. I blame society. Society made me what I am today!" "That's bullshit Archie. You're just a young suburban punk like me." "It still... hurts... auugghh!" "You're going to be okay..." "...gurgle..." "... maybe not."
off-black-humor	society	tv-quote	general	0	I love the smell of napalm in the morning.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	I wrecked trains because I like to see people die. I like to hear them scream.
off-black-humor	life	joke	general	0	"I'm terribly sorry, sir," the novice barber apologized, after badly nicking a customer. "Let me wrap your head in a towel." "That's all right," said the customer. "I'll just take it home under my arm."
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	I've never struck a woman in my life, not even my own mother.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	IF A KID ASKS YOU where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is, "God is crying." And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is, "Probably because of something you did."
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	If every kid had a funny tooth to bite down on whenever the world disappointed him, prussic acid could solve our population problems in one generation.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	... If forced to travel on an airplane, try and get in the cabin with the Captain, so you can keep an eye on him and nudge him if he falls asleep or point out any mountains looming up ahead ...
off-black-humor	life	joke	general	0	If Ricky Schroder and Gary Coleman had a fight on television with pool cues, who would win? (1) Ricky Schroder (2) Gary Coleman (3) The television viewing public
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesn't open, and your friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were swimming.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	If you guys have a beef with her, that's her problem. Don't lay it on me. The old lady has to take care of her own weight.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	If you laid all the Elvis impersonators in the world, end to end... you'd wanna run and get a steam roller, real fast.
off-black-humor	life	observation	general	0	If you look rather casual with the knife when you flick it open, people don't like it.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	If you love something, set it free. If it comes back to you, it'll be yours forever. If it doesn't, hunt it down and shoot it with an AK 47
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	"If you're a real good kid, I'll give you a piggy-back ride on a buzz-saw."
off-black-humor	love	dark	general	0	If you're a young Mafia gangster out on your first date, I bet it's real embarrassing if someone tries to kill you.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	If your enemy is buried in quicksand up to his neck, pull him out. If he is buried up to his eyes, step on his head.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Inspector: "Mrs. Freem, was this your husband's first hunting accident?" Mrs. Freem: "His first fatal one, yes."
off-black-humor	life	dark	edgy	1	Inter-Dwarf Memo To: Dwarf-list From: Doc Re: S. White If that bitch cleans one more thermometer with Ajax, I'm gonna kill her. I'll give her apples, nice big apples. With surprises inside. Yeah, surprises.
off-black-humor	life	dark	edgy	1	Inter-Dwarf Memo To: Dwarf-list From: Happy Re: S. White Let it be noted that if she whistles that goddamned song one more time I'm gonna rip her fuckin' lips off. Have a nice day.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	It was pity stayed his hand. "Pity I don't have any more bullets," thought Frito.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	It's hard to outrun dead people because they don't have to breathe.
off-black-humor	society	pun	general	0	Joan of Arc is alive and medium well.
off-black-humor	society	dark	general	0	July 4 Statistics show that we lose more fools on this day than in all the other days of the year put together. This proves, by the number left in stock, that one Fourth of July per year is now inadequate, the country has grown so.
off-black-humor	society	dark	general	0	Keep patting your enemy on the back until a small bullet hole appears between your fingers.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Kill 'em all, and let God sort 'em out.
off-black-humor	society	dark	general	0	Kill a commie for Christ!
off-black-humor	society	dark	general	0	Kill a commy for your mommy.
off-black-humor	faith	dark	general	0	Kill for the love of killing! Kill for the love of Kali! -- Hindu saying
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Kill your parents.
off-black-humor	food	quip	general	0	Knights are hardly worth it. I mean, all that shell and so little meat...
off-black-humor	society	dark	general	0	Legalize free-enterprise murder: why should governments have all the fun?
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Madam, there's no such thing as a tough child -- if you parboil them first for seven hours, they always come out tender.
off-black-humor	family	dark	general	0	Mother seemed pleased by my draft notice. "Just think of all the people in England, they've chosen you, it's a great honour, son." Laughingly I felled her with a right cross.
off-black-humor	society	quip	general	0	My best argument against discrimination is quite simple: Does it really matter if the ABC people are inferior to the DEF people if they can tell one end of a gun from the other?
off-black-humor	love	dark	general	0	My girlfriend and I sure had a good time at the beach last summer. First she'd bury me in the sand, then I'd bury her. This summer I'm going to go back and dig her up.
off-black-humor	society	quip	general	0	"My God! Are we sure he was a liberal?" "Pretty sure. They pulled him from a Volvo."
off-black-humor	life	quip	edgy	1	Negotiate, my ass! Let's kill something!
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Never count your chickens before they rip your lips off.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	Never hit a man with glasses; hit him with a baseball bat.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	Never say "Oops" in an operating room.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	Never settle with words what you can accomplish with a flame thrower.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	New members urgently required for SUICIDE CLUB, Watford area.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	NEWSFLASH!! Rodney Fenster looked up the shaft of elevator number four at 1700 N. 17th St. this morning to see if the elevator was on its way down. It was. Age 31.
off-black-humor	society	dark	general	0	No doubt Jack the Ripper excused himself on the grounds that it was human nature.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Note to myself: use real bullets next time.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Nuke the gay, unborn, baby whales for Jesus.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	Nuke the unborn gay female whales for Jesus.
off-black-humor	society	dark	general	0	Nuke them till they glow, then shoot them in the dark.
off-black-humor	arts	quip	general	0	One must have a heart of stone to read the death of Little Nell by Dickens without laughing.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Only way to open lips of pigeon: sledgehammer.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	Orcs really aren't so bad (if you use lots of catsup).
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did you like the play?
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Pipo was born with few complications, but then the doctor accidentally dropped the infant on her head provoking her drunken father to drag the physician outside where he would beat him to death with a live ocelot.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Please do not look directly into laser with remaining eye.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Psychics will soon lead dogs to your body.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Remember kids, if there's a loaded gun in the room, be sure that you're the one holding it.
off-black-humor	nature	dark	general	0	Save the whales. Club a seal instead.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Some people call them "cars" or "trucks;" I call them "dimensional transmogrifiers" because they change three-dimensional cats into two-dimensional ones.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Sometimes it happens. People just explode. Natural causes.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Support mental health or I'LL KILL YOU!!!!
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Support the American Kidney Foundation. Don't wear your motorcycle helmet.
off-black-humor	food	quip	general	0	Thanksgiving Day. Let all give humble, hearty, and sincere thanks, now, but the turkeys. In the island of Fiji they do not use turkeys; they use plumbers. It does not become you and me to sneer at Fiji.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	-- THE BATES MOTEL -- ... convenient ... clean ... cozy Norman, knock loudly, I'm in the shower. M.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	The first guy that rats gets a belly-full of slugs in the head. Understand?
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	The foreman of a lumber camp put a new workman on the circular saw. As he turned away, he heard the man say, "Ouch!". "What happened?" "Dunno," replied the man. "I just stuck out my hand like this, and -- well, I'll be damned. There goes another one!"
off-black-humor	society	dark	general	0	The greatest joy a man can know is to conquer his enemies and drive them before him. To ride their horses and take away their possessions. To see the faces of those who were dear to them bedewed with tears, and to clasp their wives and daughters to his arms.
off-black-humor	life	tv-quote	general	0	"The hell with the prime directive! Let's kill something!"
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	The most winning woman I ever knew was hanged for poisoning three little children for their insurance money.
off-black-humor	life	joke	general	0	The Schwine-Kitzenger Institute study of 47 men over the age of 100 showed that all had these things in common: (1) They all had moderate appetites. (2) They all came from middle class homes (3) All but two of them were dead.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	The sooner all the animals are dead, the sooner we'll find their money.
off-black-humor	life	quip	nsfw	1	The Truth Shall Rape You Over.
off-black-humor	life	fact	general	0	The Worst Homing Pigeon This historic bird was released in Pembrokeshire in June 1953 and was expected to reach its base that evening. It was returned by post, dead, in a cardboard box eleven years later from Brazil.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	There are four kinds of homicide: felonious, excusable, justifiable, and praiseworthy ...
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	There are very few personal problems that cannot be solved through a suitable application of high explosives.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	There was a knock on the door. Mrs. Miffin opened it. "Are you the Widow Miffin?" a small boy asked. "I'm Mrs. Miffin," she replied, "but I'm not a widow." "Oh, no?" replied the little boy. "Wait 'til you see what they're carrying upstairs!"
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	They couldn't hit an elephant at this dist...
off-black-humor	arts	quip	general	0	They Tore Out My Heart and Stomped That Sucker Flat -- Book title by Lewis Grizzard
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	They're an insidious bunch, your killer pianos. Had one get loose on me back in '62. It slipped out of the cables while we were lowering it out of its twelfth story apartment, and crushed six innocents in an insane bid for freedom.
off-black-humor	life	tv-quote	general	0	... this is an awesome sight. The entire rebel resistance buried under six million hardbound copies of "The Naked Lunch."
off-black-humor	life	tv-quote	general	0	This is supposed to be a 'appy occasion. Let's not BICKER and ARGUE over 'oo killed 'oo!
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	TO ME, CLOWNS AREN'T FUNNY. In fact, they're kinda scary. I've wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad.
off-black-humor	arts	dark	general	0	Unbearably lovely music is heard as the curtain rises, and we see the woods on a summer afternoon. A fawn dances on and nibbles at some leaves. He drifts lazily through the soft foliage. Soon he starts coughing and drops dead.
off-black-humor	family	pun	general	0	Upon reading a story about a man who throttled his mother-in-law, a man commented, "Sounds to me like a practical choker."
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Warning: Trespassers will be shot. Survivors will be shot again.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	We are simple killers of people and destroyers of property.
off-black-humor	nature	observation	edgy	1	We found on St. Paul's only two kinds of birds -- the booby and the noddy... Both are of a tame and stupid disposition, and are so unaccustomed to visitors, that I could have killed any number of them with my geological hammer.
off-black-humor	life	tv-quote	general	0	"We had it tough ... I had to get up at 9 o'clock at night, half an hour before I went to bed, eat a lump of dry poison, work 29 hours down mill, and when we came home our Dad would kill us, and dance about on our grave singing Halelleuia ..."
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	We're deep into the holiday gift-giving season, as you can tell from the fact that everywhere you look, you see jolly old St. Nick urging you to purchase things, to the point where you want to slug him right in his bowl full of jelly.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Welcome thy neighbor into thy fallout shelter. He'll come in handy if you run out of food.
off-black-humor	arts	tv-quote	general	0	"Well, well, well! Well if it isn't fat stinking billy goat Billy Boy in poison! How art thou, thou globby bottle of cheap stinking chip oil? Come and get one in the yarbles, if ya have any yarbles, ya eunuch jelly thou!" -- Alex in "Clockwork Orange"
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	What happens if a big asteroid hits Earth? Judging from realistic simulations involving a sledge hammer and a common laboratory frog, we can assume it will be pretty bad.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	What is this line of duty, and suffering? You are not supposed to suffer if you are an assassin. The other person is supposed to suffer. -- Chiun, glory of the name of Sinanju, teacher of the youth from outside Sinanju named Remo.
off-black-humor	society	quip	general	0	When arguments fail, use a blackjack. -- Edward "Spike" O'Donnell, Al Capone associate.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	When I kill, the only thing I feel is recoil.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	When I was a child... We had a quick-sand box in the backyard... I was an only child... eventually.
off-black-humor	family	joke	general	0	When I was a kid I said to my father one afternoon, "Daddy, will you take me to the zoo?" He answered, "If the zoo wants you let them come and get you."
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	When I was a kid my favorite relative was Uncle Caveman. After school we'd all go play in his cave, and every once in a while he would eat one of us. It wasn't until later that I found out that Uncle Caveman was a bear.
off-black-humor	family	dark	general	0	When I was eight years old I came home with tears in my eyes because some kids had stolen my samwich. My father handed me an ice pick, and said, "Next time, hit 'em first and hit 'em hard."
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	When the Ngdanga tribe of West Africa hold their moon love ceremonies, the men of the tribe bang their heads on sacred trees until they get a nose bleed, which usually cures them of that.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	When you have shot and killed a man you have in some measure clarified your attitude toward him. You have given a definite answer to a definite problem. For better or worse you have acted decisively. In a way, the next move is up to him.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	WHEN YOU'RE RIDING IN A TIME MACHINE way far into the future, don't stick your elbow out the window or it'll turn into a fossil.
off-black-humor	society	dark	general	0	When you've seen one nuclear war, you've seen them all.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me. Then it wouldn't seem quite so funny.
off-black-humor	life	pun	general	0	Where there's a whip there's a way.
off-black-humor	science	quip	general	0	Which would you rather have, a bursting planet or an earthquake here and there?
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	Why does man kill? He kills for food. And not only food: frequently there must be a beverage.
off-black-humor	nature	joke	general	0	Why don't elephants eat penguins ? Because they can't get the wrappers off ...
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	Yeah, if it looks like a duck, and walks like a duck, and quacks like a duck -- shoot it.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	You can imagine my embarrassment when I killed the wrong guy.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	You can't go into the ring and be a nice guy. I would go a month, two months, without having sex. It worked for me because it made me a vicious animal. You can't fight if you have any compassion or anything like that.
off-black-humor	society	dark	general	0	You can't say civilization don't advance... in every war they kill you a new way.
off-black-humor	life	quip	general	0	You know what I wish? I wish all the scum of the Earth had one throat and I had my hands about it.
off-black-humor	life	dark	general	0	You should never ride in an airplane with a sports team, because if the plane goes down, it's you they're gonna eat!
off-black-humor	life	joke	general	0	"Your son still sliding down the banisters?" "We wound barbed wire around them." "That stop him?" "No, but it sure slowed him up."
