off-riddles	love	dark	general	0	Did you know that some people your age have sex thirty-seven times in a week? And die immediately after?
off-riddles	society	quip	nsfw	1	Did you know that Spiro Agnew is an anagram of "Grow a Penis"?
off-riddles	life	fact	nsfw	1	Did you know that there are 71.9 acres of nipple tissue in the U.S.?
off-riddles	love	quip	edgy	1	He: "Hey, Baby, I'd sure like to get in your pants!" She: "No, thanks, I've already got one asshole in there now."
off-riddles	love	quip	general	0	He: Am I... am I your first? She: Well, honey, I could have sworn your face looked familiar...
off-riddles	love	quip	edgy	1	He: So, what do you say to little fuck? She: I say, "get lost, little fuck."
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Hear about... one penile desensitizer that's so effective that you have to stroke the tube for five minutes to get the cap off?
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Hear about... the 97-year-old prostitute who got herself listed in the Yellow Pages and now claims to be the oldest trick in the book?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the absent minded nurse who made the patient without disturbing the bed?
off-riddles	life	quip	general	0	Hear about... the absent minded sculptor who put his model to bed and started chiseling on his wife?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the absent-minded exhibitionist who was arrested for exposing his whatchamacalit?
off-riddles	work-money	joke	general	0	Hear about... the ambitious secretary who walked into her boss's office and demanded a salary on next week's advance?
off-riddles	society	joke	general	0	Hear about... the Ayatollah Khomeini Doll? Wind it up and it takes Ken and Barbie hostage.
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Hear about... the basketball player who was so tall that his girlfriend had to go up on him?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the butcher who dropped his cleaver and went home half-cocked?
off-riddles	life	pun	general	0	Hear about... the careless canary that did it for a lark?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the careless contortionist who accidentally swallowed his pride?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the cinema buff that's very excited by current trends in films? The hero still gets the girl in the end, but he's never sure which end it will be.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the compulsive gambler who drove to Las Vegas, pulled up to a parking meter, put a dime in -- and lost his car?
off-riddles	life	pun	general	0	Hear about... the couple on the stalled elevator who got off between floors?
off-riddles	life	joke	nsfw	1	Hear about... the cross-eyed shoe fetishist who was always getting off on the wrong foot?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the doctor that prescribed sex for insommia? His patients didn't get any more sleep, but they had more fun staying awake.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the drunken midget who walked into a home for girls and kissed everybody in the joint?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the elderly gentleman who was stung on the privates by a bee and asked the doctor to relieve the pain but leave the swelling?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the Eskimo girl who spent the night with her boyfriend and next morning found she was six months pregnant?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the farmer who couldn't keep his hands off his wife so he fired them?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... The fellow who chased his girlfriend up a tree and kissed her between the limbs?
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Hear about... the fellow who got ten years for pumping Ethyl behind the station?
off-riddles	life	pun	general	0	Hear about... the fellow who maintains a special register of particularly accommodating girls? He refers to it as his little blew book.
off-riddles	family	joke	general	0	Hear about... the fellow who was descended from a long line his mother heard?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the fellow who, upon being told by his shrewish wife that she would dance on his grave, promptly provided for a burial at sea?
off-riddles	society	pun	general	0	Hear about... the female activist who went berserk during a demonstration and attacked a karate-trained cop with a deadly weapon. She ended up a chopped libber?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the fine, upstanding young woman who's wonderful laying down?
off-riddles	society	joke	general	0	Hear about... the freaky WAC who was court-martialed for contributing to the delinquency of a major?
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Hear about... the French soldier who kissed his wife's cheeks before he went to the front?
off-riddles	society	joke	general	0	Hear about... the freshman coed who decided not to sign up for a course in sex education when she heard the final exam would be oral?
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Hear about... the frustrated musician who worked all week on an arrangement and then his wife didn't leave town?
off-riddles	love	quip	general	0	Hear about... the fun-loving young lady who insists she won't even consider marriage until she's gotten some experience under her belt?
off-riddles	life	quip	general	0	Hear about... the gay tattoo artist who had designs on several of the local sailors?
off-riddles	life	quip	general	0	Hear about... the girl that wanted to impress her new boyfriend, so she put on her low-cut dress to show him a thing or two?
off-riddles	love	pun	general	0	Hear about... the girl who called her boyfriend Amaretto, 'cause he was such a sweet liquor?
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Hear about... the girl who was so undesirable that she even turned her vibrator off?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the girl with the big wardrobe who started with just a little slip?
off-riddles	faith	pun	general	0	Hear about... the guru who refused Novacain while having a tooth pulled because he wanted to transcend dental medication?
off-riddles	life	pun	general	0	Hear about... the guy who couldn't find his way to the orgy -- you might say he lost his ball bearings?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the guy who had his vasectomy done by Sears? Every time he gets a hard-on, the garage door goes up.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Hear about... the guy who took a course in exotic lovemaking and announced that he'd never be able to face his girl again?
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Hear about... the guy who was an incurable romantic until penicillin came along?
off-riddles	life	pun	general	0	Hear about... the guy who was so well endowed that he had a fiveskin?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the guy who wore a tux to his vasectomy, because he figured that if he was going to be impotent he might as well look impotent.
off-riddles	life	quip	general	0	Hear about... the handsome bachelor Senator who hired a ravishing blonde as his assistant and then made her the object of a long Congressional probe?
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Hear about... the high school drum major who dated two of the majorettes and so enjoyed the breasts of both whirlers?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the hurricane that recently struck Fire Island
off-riddles	work-money	joke	general	0	Hear about... the inexperienced stenographer who discovered that she could lose a lot more than letters behind the files?
off-riddles	life	quip	general	0	Hear about... the insurance salesman who says his greatest successes are with young housewives who aren't adequately covered?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the little boy that found a fifty cent piece, so he went home for some money?
off-riddles	faith	dark	general	0	Hear about... the loner who gave up his solitary vice for Lent? Except on Palm Sunday, of course.
off-riddles	love	quip	general	0	Hear about... the man who never worried about his marriage until he moved from New York to California and discovered that he still had the same milkman?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the mother of 12 who was called upon to use her diaphragm so often that she kept it tacked to the headboard of her bed?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the new breakfast cereal called "Swingers". They don't go snap, crackle, or pop; they just lie there and go bang, bang, bang?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the new breakfast cereal called Queerios? You simply add milk and they eat each other.
off-riddles	society	dark	general	0	Hear about... the new German microwave oven? Seats 500.
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Hear about... the new instrument of credit especially designed for use in Los Angeles single bars? It's called Bang Americard.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Hear about... the new rule at the girls' school? Lights out by ten, candles by eleven.
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Hear about... the new sorority girl doll? You put a ring on her finger and her hips expand.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the new vitamin made from chicken blood? It makes men cocky and women lay better.
off-riddles	life	pun	general	0	Hear about... the nurse they thought had drowned until they found her under the doc?
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Hear about... the nymphomaniac teenager popularly known as Little Often Annie?
off-riddles	life	quip	general	0	Hear about... the over-eager bride who came, walking down the aisle?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the perverted australian who left his wife and returned to Sydney?
off-riddles	society	joke	general	0	Hear about... the pessimistic historian whose latest book has chapter headings that read "World War One","World War Two" and "Watch This Space"?
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Hear about... the plastic surgeon who hung himself?
off-riddles	life	dark	edgy	1	Hear about... the poor Greek fisherman who got his upper torso wedged into a porthole and couldn't get out to save his ass?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the real smart girl who could play post-office all night without getting any mail in her box?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the recent cigarette survey that disclosed that 99% of the men who have tried Camels have gone back to women?
off-riddles	life	quip	general	0	Hear about... the San Franciscan who backed off the bus because he thought someone would grab his seat?
off-riddles	work-money	pun	general	0	Hear about... the secretary that got fired because she had one too mini?
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Hear about... the sultan who had ten wives, nine of them had it soft.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the swinger who labelled his little black book "Future Shack"?
off-riddles	life	pun	general	0	Hear about... the tight end who got two years for possession and came out a wide receiver?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the truck driver who pulled out to avoid a child and fell off the sofa?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the ultimate in singles bars. It's a place where girls have to show their I.U.D.'s to be admitted?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the wild office Christmas party in a completely automated company -- the photocopier got drunk and tried to undo the typewriter's ribbon?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear about... the woman who says two martinis usually make her feel like a new man?
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Hear about... the young lady attacked in San Francisco? By two men, one held her down while the other one did her hair.
off-riddles	work-money	insult	general	0	Hear about... the young thing who is fondly known to the men in the office as Secretariat -- not just because she's a good secretary but because she's a wonderful mount?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear that... bookstores will soon be stocking a volume called "The Unsensuous Census Taker"? It's about a guy who comes once every ten years.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Hear that... the Masters and Johnson clinic may well be the only organization in the world from which a man resigns when he becomes a member in good standing?
off-riddles	life	quip	general	0	Hear that... the only thing worse than coming home with lipstick on your collar is being caught with leg make-up on your ears?
off-riddles	faith	pun	general	0	Hear that... the Pope's next pronouncement on birth control is to be titled "Paul's Epistle to the Fallopians"?
off-riddles	society	pun	general	0	Hear that... there's an establishment near the White House that caters to kinky tastes? There's a House whip in attendance, of course?
off-riddles	faith	dark	general	0	Hear that... they cancelled Easter this year? Found the body.
off-riddles	life	quip	general	0	Hear that... those new edible candy pants are about to be distributed in a male version -- with nuts of course?
off-riddles	love	observation	general	0	If being bi increases your chance of getting a date, does being poly increase your chance of getting dumped?
off-riddles	life	quip	general	0	If girls are all sugar and spice, why do they taste like anchovies?
off-riddles	faith	quip	nsfw	1	If God hadn't intended man to eat pussy, would He have made it look like a taco?
off-riddles	society	dark	general	0	If guns are outlawed, how will we shoot the liberals?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	If Helen Keller is alone in a forest and falls, does she make a sound?
off-riddles	society	quip	general	0	If women ran the military complex, would the missiles be shaped differently?
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	If you were attacked by a homosexual, would you beat him off?
off-riddles	life	quip	general	0	If you're really into astrology, tell me, what happens when Mercury is in the Fish, and Jupiter enters the Virgin?
off-riddles	tech	joke	general	0	Q. How do you keep an Aggie busy at a terminal? A. While he's not looking, switch it to "local".
off-riddles	faith	joke	general	0	Q. What do you call a TV set that fixes itself? A. A Christian Science Monitor.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q. What's the capital of Canada? A. American.
off-riddles	society	quip	general	0	Q. What's the difference between Los Angeles and yogurt? A. Yogurt has a living, active culture.
off-riddles	faith	joke	general	0	Q: An English mathematician (I forgot who) was asked by his very religious colleague: Do you believe in one God? A: Yes, up to isomorphism!
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: Do you know how to tell a Polack at a cockfight? A: He's the only one with a duck. Q: Do you know how to tell an Aggie at a cockfight? A: He's the only one who bets on the duck. Q: And do you know how to tell the Mafia is at the cockfight? A: The duck wins!
off-riddles	life	pun	general	0	Q: Have you ever been picked up by the fuzz? A: No, but I bet it hurts like hell.
off-riddles	faith	pun	general	0	Q: Have you heard about the man who didn't pay for his exorcism? A: He got re-possessed!
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: Heard about the <ethnic> who couldn't spell? A: He spent the night in a warehouse.
off-riddles	love	dark	nsfw	1	Q: How can a real man tell when his girl friend's having an orgasm? A: Real men don't care.
off-riddles	arts	dark	general	0	Q: How can we get the Beatles to reunite for one more concert? A: With three more bullets.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: How can you tell if a woman is ticklish? A: Give her a couple of test tickles.
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Q: How can you tell if an elephant is having an affair with your wife? A: You have to wait 22 months.
off-riddles	nature	joke	general	0	Q: How can you tell if an elephant is sitting on your back in a hurricane? A: You can hear his ears flapping in the wind.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: How can you tell the bride at a WASP wedding? A: She's the one kissing the golden retriever.
off-riddles	life	joke	edgy	1	Q: How can you tell when a Polish girl's been sucking cock? A: She has a mouthful of feathers.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: How can you tell when a WASP is sexually aroused? A: By the stiff upper lip.
off-riddles	love	dark	nsfw	1	Q: How can you tell when your girlfriend has had an orgasm? A: Who cares?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: How did Hellen Keller burn the side of her face? A: She answered the iron. Q: How did she burn the other side of her face? A: They called back.
off-riddles	nature	joke	general	0	Q: How did the elephant get to the top of the oak tree? A: He sat on a acorn and waited for spring. Q: But how did he get back down? A: He crawled out on a leaf and waited for autumn.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: How do you fit 1000 dead babies into a phone booth? A: Cusinart. Q: How do you get them back out? A: Doritos.
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Q: How do you get a woman to stop having sex with you? A: Propose.
off-riddles	nature	joke	general	0	Q: How do you hide an elephant in a cherry tree? A: Paint his balls red and his toenails green. Q: Ever see an elephant in a cherry tree? A: No -- so it must work pretty well! Q: How did Tarzan die? A: Picking cherries!!!
off-riddles	life	joke	nsfw	1	Q: How do you know when it's time to wash the dishes? A: Look inside your pants; if you have a penis, it's not time.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: How do you know when you're in the <ethnic> section of Vermont? A: The maple sap buckets are hanging on utility poles.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: How do you know your elephant had her period? A: There's a nickel on your dresser and your mattress is missing.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: How do you make a dead baby float? A: With 2 scoops of dead baby and some rootbeer.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: How do you make an elephant float? A: You get two scoops of elephant and some rootbeer...
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: How do you pick up a quarter off of Polk Street? A: Kick it over to Van Ness.
off-riddles	nature	joke	general	0	Q: How do you tell if an Elephant has been making love in your backyard? A: If all your trashcan liners are missing ...
off-riddles	life	dark	edgy	1	Q: How do you tell that your roommate's gay? A: When his cock tastes like shit.
off-riddles	tech	joke	general	0	Q: How does a girl know she's sleeping with a Computer Scientist? A: It isn't hard.
off-riddles	love	pun	general	0	Q: How does a mink get babies? A: The same way babes get minks.
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Q: How does a single woman in New York get rid of cockroaches? A: She asks them for a commitment.
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Q: How does a WASP propose marriage? A: "How would you like to be buried with my people?"
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: How many Aggies does it take to eat an armadillo? A: Three, one to eat it, and two to watch for traffic.
off-riddles	faith	joke	general	0	Q: How many Christians does it take to change a light bulb? A: Three, but they're really only one.
off-riddles	society	joke	general	0	Q: How many Democrats does it take to enjoy a good joke? A: One more than you can find.
off-riddles	society	joke	general	0	Q: How many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A: NONE! AND THAT'S NOT FUNNY!! Q: How many Radcliffe girls does it take to change a light bulb? A: It's "Women"... AND IT'S NOT FUNNY!!
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: How many heterosexual males does it take to screw in a light bulb, in San Fransisco? A: Both of them.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: How many lesbians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? A: Ten. One to do it, and nine to talk about how gratifying it was without a man.
off-riddles	society	joke	general	0	Q: How many people from New Jersey does it take to change a light bulb? A: Three. One to do it, one to watch, and the third to shoot the witness.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: How many pre-meds does it take to change a lightbulb? A: Five: One to change the bulb and four to pull the ladder out from under him.
off-riddles	faith	joke	general	0	Q: How many right-to-lifers does it take to change a light bulb? A: Two. One to screw it in and one to say that light started when the screwing began.
off-riddles	faith	joke	general	0	Q: How much money do you give to a 900 foot Jesus? A: As much as he wants.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: If Tarzan was Jewish, and Jane was a princess, what would Cheetah be? A: A fur coat.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: What can you use used tampons for? A: Tea bags for vampires.
off-riddles	faith	joke	general	0	Q: What did Jesus tell the Aggies? A: Play dumb until the second coming.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: What did Snow white say when told she was pregnant? A: "I'd like to thank all the little people who made this possible..." Presumably this all started that evening when she was feeling Happy...
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What did the little ghetto-dweller get for Christmas? A: Your bicycle.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What do a walrus and a tupperware container have in common? A: They both like a tight seal.
off-riddles	nature	joke	general	0	Q: What do elephants use instead of tampons? A: Sheep. Well, they used to, anyway. There have been so many cases of Toxic Flock Syndrome recently that their ewes has been discouraged. Q: Why do elephants have trunks? A: Sheep don't have strings.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What do two WASPs say after making love? A: Thank you very much. It'll never happen again.
off-riddles	society	joke	general	0	Q: What do WASPs do instead of making love? A: Rule the country.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What do you call a brunette between two blondes? A: An interpreter. Q: Why do blondes have square breasts? A: They forgot to take the tissues out of the box. Q: What do you call ten blondes in a row? A: A wind tunnel.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What do you call a dog with no legs? A: What does it matter? He can't come anyway. [I've got a dog with no legs -- I call him Cigarette. Every night, I take him out for a drag. Ed.]
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What do you call a group of kids with low IQ's, drinking diet cola, eating fruit, and singing? A: The Moron Tab and Apple Choir.
off-riddles	nature	dark	general	0	Q: What do you call a million cats at the bottom of Lake Michigan? A: A good start.
off-riddles	faith	joke	general	0	Q: What do you call a monk who has had a sex change operation? A: A transsister.
off-riddles	life	joke	edgy	1	Q: What do you call a truck load of vibrators? A: Toys for twats.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What do you call a woman who can suck a golf ball through 50 feet of garden hose? A1: Darling. A2: Often!
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Q: What do you call couples that use that rhythm method? A: Parents.
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Q: What do you call someone with herpes, AIDS, syphilis, and gonorrhea? A: An incurable romantic.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What do you do if an Irishman throws a pin at you? A: Run like hell, he's got a grenade in his mouth!!
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What do you do with an elephant with three balls? A: Walk him and pitch to the rhino.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What do you get when cross a lawyer with a sorority girl?? A: A woman that, when she goes down on you, gets blood.
off-riddles	tech	joke	general	0	Q: What do you get when you cross a computer and a JAP (Jewish American Princess)? A: A computer that won't go down.
off-riddles	life	insult	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a JAP (Jewish American Princess) and a baby elephant? A: About 10 pounds. Q: How do you make them the same? A: Force feed the elephant.
off-riddles	life	joke	nsfw	1	Q: What do you get when you cross a pit bull with a prostitute? A: Your last blowjob.
off-riddles	life	joke	edgy	1	Q: What do you get when you cross a rooster with a telephone pole? A: A thirty foot cock that wants to reach out and touch someone!
off-riddles	life	joke	edgy	1	Q: What do you get when you cross an onion with a donkey? A: Well, most of the time you get an onion with big ears, but every once in a while you get a piece of ass that will bring tears to your eyes...
off-riddles	society	joke	general	0	Q: What do you get when you cross James Dean with Ronald Reagan? A: A rebel without a clue.
off-riddles	nature	joke	general	0	Q: What do you get when you stuff a flaming stick down a rabbit-hole? A: Hot cross bunnies!
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What do you have if you have a moth ball in one hand and a moth ball in the other hand? A: One hell of a big moth!
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What does a blonde do first thing in the morning? A: She goes home. Q: Why does blonde have fur on the hem of her dress? A: To keep her neck warm. Q: How do you make a blonde laugh on Monday? A: Tell her a joke on Friday.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What goes Click. "Did I get it?" Click. "Did I get it?" Click. "Did I get it?" Click. "Did I get it?" A: Stevie Wonder doing the Rubik's Cube.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: What goes green, red, green, red, pink, pink, pink? A: A frog in a blender. Q: What do you get if you add 2 eggs to it?? A: Frognogg. If you drink it, you croak.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: What goes red, white, red, white, pink, pink, pink? A: Baby in a blender. Q: Why do you put a baby in a blender feet first? A: So you can watch the expression on its little face.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What goes: Sis! Boom! Baaaaah! A: Exploding sheep.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What is green and comes in Brownies? A: Boy Scouts.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What is Smoorplay? A: What Smurfs do before they smuck!
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What is the difference between snow-men and snow-women? A: Snowballs!
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What is the last thing a Kansas stripper takes off? A: Her bowling shoes.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What is the mating call of a blonde? A: I think I'm drunk. Q: What's the call of a disappointed blonde? A: I *said*, I *think* I'm drunk! Q: What is the mating call of the ugly blonde? A: (Screaming) "I said: I'm drunk!"
off-riddles	life	insult	general	0	Q: What is the worst story Helen Keller ever read? A: A cheese grater.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What's a JAP's (Jewish American Princess) dream house? A: Fourteen rooms in Scarsdale, no kitchen, no bedroom.
off-riddles	faith	dark	general	0	Q: What's black and white and red all over and can't go through revolving doors? A: A nun with a javelin through her head.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: What's black and white and red all over? A: Half a nun.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: What's black and white and red all over? A: Two nuns in a chainsaw fight.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What's bruised, bleeding, and lies in a ditch? A: Somebody who tells Aggie jokes.
off-riddles	nature	joke	general	0	Q: What's invisible and smells like carrots? A: Bunny farts.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What's Jewish foreplay? A: Two hours of begging.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: What's meaner than a pit bull with AIDS? A: The guy that gave it to him.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: What's more fearsome than a grizzly bear with AIDS? A: The guy he got it from.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What's red and covered with little dents? A: Snow White's cherry.
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Q: What's the difference between "Oooh" and "Aaah"? A: About three inches.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a cocker spaniel and a doberman pinscher humping your leg? A: You let the doberman finish.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a dog and a fox? A: About four drinks.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a hold-up and a stick-up? A: Age.
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a man and a toilet? A: A toilet doesn't follow you around for a week after you flush it.
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a man and the weekend? A: The weekend never comes too soon.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a RHU cheerleader and a whale? A: The moustache.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What's the difference between a sorority girl and a fast car? A: Not everyone's been in a fast car.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What's the difference between an oral and a rectal thermometer? A: The taste.
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Q: What's the difference between erotic and kinky? A: Erotic is when you use a feather. Kinky is when you use the whole bird...
off-riddles	society	joke	general	0	Q: What's the difference between George Washington, Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan? A: One always told the truth, one always lied, and one can't tell the difference.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What's the difference between hard and dark? A: It stays dark all night.
off-riddles	nature	joke	edgy	1	Q: What's the last thing that goes through a grasshopper's mind when he hits your windshield? A: His ass. Q. What's the second-to-last thing to go through a grasshopper's mind when he hits your windshield? A. Oh, SHIT!!
off-riddles	faith	joke	nsfw	1	Q: What's the worst thing about being an atheist? A: No one to talk to when you're having an orgasm.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What's white and crawls up your leg? A: Uncle Ben's Perverted Rice.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: What's worse than getting raped by Jack the Ripper? A: Getting fingered by Captain Hook!
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: Where can you buy black lace crotchless panties for sheep? A: Fredrick's of Ithaca, New York.
off-riddles	life	tv-quote	general	0	Q: Where does Catwoman go for a good time? A: To the batpoles, Robin!
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: Where does virgin wool come from? A: Ugly sheep.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: Why are babies born with soft spots on their heads? A: So you can pick 'em up five at a time.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: Why can't Hellen Keller have children? A: Because she's dead.
off-riddles	arts	joke	edgy	1	Q: Why did Captain Kirk piss on the bridge? A: He wanted to boldly go where no man had gone before!
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: Why did God invent booze? A: So ugly men could get laid too.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: Why did Hellen Keller go all the way on her first date? A: She'd never been taught to say no.
off-riddles	society	dark	general	0	Q: Why did Ted Kennedy report the accident 8 hours after Mary Jo Kopechne drowned? A: Do you have any idea how hard it is to dress a woman underwater?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: Why did the blonde climb over the glass wall? A: To see what was on the other side. Q: Why do blondes like tilt steering wheels? A: More head room. Q: How does a blonde turn on the light after having sex? A: She opens the car door.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: Why did the epileptic cross the road? A: He couldn't help it. Q: What do you do if an epileptic has a seizure in the bathtub? A: Throw in the dirty clothes and some laundry detergent.
off-riddles	science	pun	general	0	Q: Why did the mathematician name his dog "Cauchy"? A: Because he left a residue at every pole.
off-riddles	nature	joke	general	0	Q: Why do dogs lick their balls? A: 'Cause they can! (Real answer: 'Cause they can't curl their little paws into fists...)
off-riddles	nature	dark	nsfw	1	Q: Why do elephants wear springs on their feet? A: So they can jump into trees and rape mice. Q: What is the most fearsome sound in the world to a mouse? A: BOING!! BOING!! BOING!!
off-riddles	love	dark	general	0	Q: Why do men die before their wives? A: They want to.
off-riddles	love	joke	general	0	Q: Why do men marry women? A: You can't teach sheep to do housework.
off-riddles	nature	joke	general	0	Q: Why do mice have such small balls? A: Very few of them know how to dance!
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: Why do Scotsmen wear kilts? A: Because a sheep can hear the sound of a zipper from fifty feet away.
off-riddles	life	joke	nsfw	1	Q: Why do women have vaginas? A: So when they're drunk, you can carry them like a six-pack.
off-riddles	life	dark	general	0	Q: Why do women love Pacman? A: Only place you can get eaten three times for a quarter.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: Why does an elephant have 4 feet? A: Because 8 inches isn't enough.
off-riddles	life	dark	nsfw	1	Q: Why does Helen Keller masturbate with one hand? A: So she can moan with the other!
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: Why don't blind people skydive? A: It scares the dogs! Q: How can a blind skydiver tell when he is near the ground? A: The leash goes slack.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: Why don't blondes eat pickles? A: Because they get their head stuck in the jars. Q: Why do blondes wear underwear? A: To keep their ankles warm. Q: How do you kill a blonde? A: Put spikes in her shoulder pads.
off-riddles	society	dark	edgy	1	Q: Why is Mrs. Carter always on top when she and Jimmy make love? A: Because all Jimmy Carter can do is fuck up.
off-riddles	life	insult	general	0	Q: Why is Sister Pat the way she is? A: Because when she was 16, a group of boys tied her up and gang-rejected her.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: Why should blondes not be given coffee breaks? A: It takes too long to retrain them. Q: What's the mating call of the brunette? A: All the blondes have gone home! Q: How do you tell if a blonde's been using the computer? A: There's white-out on the screen.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: Why was Cinderella banished from the Magic Kingdom? A: For sitting on Pinocchio's face and screaming, "Tell the truth! Tell a lie! Tell the truth! Tell a lie!"
off-riddles	tech	joke	general	0	Q: What's the difference between VMS and PMS? A1: PMS is only a problem for some people. A2: PMS is only a problem for part of the month. A3: The drugstore has remedies for PMS. A4: People with PMS get sympathy. A5: People with PMS don't wish they were UNIX.
off-riddles	society	joke	general	0	Q: What do you say to a Puerto Rican in a three-piece suit? A: Will the defendant please rise?
off-riddles	life	quip	general	0	What do hookers do on their nights off, type?
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	What's on the floor of the old hen-house? Doo-doo, doo-doo.
off-riddles	life	quip	general	0	Why is it that there are so many more horses' asses than there are horses?
off-riddles	society	insult	general	0	Q: What does friendship among Soviet nationalities mean? A: It means that the Armenians take the Russians by the hand; the Russians take the Ukrainians by the hand; the Ukranians take the Uzbeks by the hand; and they all go and beat up the Jews.
off-riddles	life	joke	general	0	Q: What do you call 15 blondes in a circle? A: A dope ring. Q: Why do blondes put their hair in ponytails? A: To cover up the valve stem.
