people	life	dark	general	0	A "practical joker" deserves applause for his wit according to its quality. Bastinado is about right. For exceptional wit one might grant keelhauling. But staking him out on an anthill should be reserved for the very wittiest.
people	life	quip	general	0	A 'full' life in my experience is usually full only of other people's demands.
people	life	quip	general	0	A bore is a man who talks so much about himself that you can't talk about yourself.
people	life	quip	general	0	A bore is someone who persists in holding his own views after we have enlightened him with ours.
people	society	observation	general	0	A city is a large community where people are lonesome together
people	love	aphorism	general	0	A compliment is something like a kiss through a veil.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	A cynic is a person searching for an honest man, with a stolen lantern.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	A fair exterior is a silent recommendation.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	A friend is a present you give yourself.
people	life	quip	general	0	A gossip is one who talks to you about others, a bore is one who talks to you about himself; and a brilliant conversationalist is one who talks to you about yourself.
people	life	quip	general	0	A healthy male adult bore consumes each year one and a half times his own weight in other people's patience.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	A man of genius makes no mistakes. His errors are volitional and are the portals of discovery.
people	life	pun	general	0	A man pleaded innocent of any wrong doing when caught by the police during a raid at the home of a mobster, excusing himself by claiming that he was making a bolt for the door.
people	life	pun	general	0	A man who keeps stealing mopeds is an obvious cycle-path.
people	food	quip	general	0	A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
people	life	quip	general	0	A man with 3 wings and a dictionary is cousin to the turkey.
people	life	quip	general	0	A narcissist is someone better looking than you are.
people	life	quip	general	0	A paranoid is a man who knows a little of what's going on.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.
people	life	dark	general	0	"A penny for your thoughts?" "A dollar for your death."
people	life	wisdom	general	0	A person forgives only when they are in the wrong.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	A person is just about as big as the things that make them angry.
people	life	observation	general	0	A person who has nothing looks at all there is and wants something. A person who has something looks at all there is and wants all the rest.
people	life	quip	general	0	A pessimist is a man who has been compelled to live with an optimist.
people	love	quip	general	0	A pretty foot is one of the greatest gifts of nature... please send me your last pair of shoes, already worn out in dancing... so I can have something of yours to press against my heart.
people	life	quip	general	0	A prig is a fellow who is always making you a present of his opinions.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	A private sin is not so prejudicial in the world as a public indecency.
people	life	dark	general	0	A real friend isn't someone you use once and then throw away. A real friend is someone you can use over and over again.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	A real person has two reasons for doing anything ... a good reason and the real reason.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral.
people	life	quip	general	0	A sadist is a masochist who follows the Golden Rule.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those that are worth committing.
people	life	quip	general	0	A total abstainer is one who abstains from everything but abstention, and especially from inactivity in the affairs of others.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	A truly great man will neither trample on a worm nor sneak to an emperor.
people	life	quip	general	0	A well adjusted person is one who makes the same mistake twice without getting nervous.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	A well-known friend is a treasure.
people	life	quip	general	0	Accept people for what they are -- completely unacceptable.
people	life	observation	general	0	According to the obituary notices, a mean and unimportant person never dies.
people	faith	observation	general	0	Adam was but human--this explains it all. He did not want the apple for the apple's sake, he wanted it only because it was forbidden. The mistake was in not forbidding the serpent; then he would have eaten the serpent.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Advice is a dangerous gift; be cautious about giving and receiving it.
people	life	quip	general	0	Advice to young men: Be ascetic, and if you can't be ascetic, then at least be aseptic.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	After all, it is only the mediocre who are always at their best.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	After all, what is your hosts' purpose in having a party? Surely not for you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
people	life	quip	general	0	After living in New York, you trust nobody, but you believe everything. Just in case.
people	life	pun	general	0	After Snow White used a couple rolls of film taking pictures of the seven dwarfs, she mailed the roll to be developed. Later she was heard to sing, "Some day my prints will come."
people	life	quip	general	0	Against stupidity the very gods Themselves contend in vain.
people	life	insult	general	0	Ah say, son, you're about as sharp as a bowlin' ball.
people	life	quip	general	0	Ah, sweet Springtime, when a young man lightly turns his fancy over!
people	life	tv-quote	general	0	Al didn't smile for forty years. You've got to admire a man like that. -- from "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman"
people	faith	dark	general	0	All God's children are not beautiful. Most of God's children are, in fact, barely presentable.
people	life	quip	general	0	All his life he has looked away... to the horizon, to the sky, to the future. Never his mind on where he was, on what he was doing.
people	life	quip	general	0	All I ask of life is a constant and exaggerated sense of my own importance.
people	life	quip	general	0	All I want is a warm bed and a kind word and unlimited power.
people	life	quip	general	0	All men have the right to wait in line.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	All men profess honesty as long as they can. To believe all men honest would be folly. To believe none so is something worse.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	All most people want is a little more than they'll ever get.
people	life	quip	general	0	All my friends and I are crazy. That's the only thing that keeps us sane.
people	life	quip	general	0	"All my life I wanted to be someone; I guess I should have been more specific."
people	nature	wisdom	general	0	All of the animals except man know that the principal business of life is to enjoy it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	All possibility of understanding is rooted in the ability to say no.
people	life	quip	general	0	All progress is based upon a universal innate desire of every organism to live beyond its income.
people	life	quip	general	0	All the world's a stage and most of us are desperately unrehearsed.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	All we know is the phenomenon: we spend our time sending messages to each other, talking and trying to listen at the same time, exchanging information. This seems to be our most urgent biological function; it is what we do with our lives."
people	work-money	joke	general	0	Always borrow money from a pessimist; he doesn't expect to be paid back.
people	life	quip	general	0	Always remember that you are unique. Just like everyone else.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Ambition is a poor excuse for not having sense enough to be lazy.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	America's best buy for a quarter is a telephone call to the right person.
people	nature	observation	general	0	An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible.
people	life	dark	general	0	An evil mind is a great comfort.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	An expert is a person who avoids the small errors as he sweeps on to the grand fallacy.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	An expert is one who knows more and more about less and less until he knows absolutely everything about nothing.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	An idealist is one who helps the other fellow to make a profit.
people	life	quip	general	0	An infallible method of conciliating a tiger is to allow oneself to be devoured.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself.
people	life	quip	general	0	An optimist is a guy that has never had much experience.
people	life	dark	general	0	And I will do all these good works, and I will do them for free! My only reward will be a tombstone that says "Here lies Gomez Addams -- he was good for nothing."
people	faith	quip	general	0	And on the eighth day, we bulldozed it.
people	arts	quip	general	0	"And, you know, I mustn't preach to you, but surely it wouldn't be right for you to take away people's pleasure of studying your attire, by just going and making yourself like everybody else. You feel that, don't you?" said he, earnestly.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Anger is momentary madness.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Anger kills as surely as the other vices.
people	nature	observation	general	0	Animals can be driven crazy by putting too many in too small a pen. Homo sapiens is the only animal that voluntarily does this to himself.
people	arts	quip	general	0	Any clod can have the facts, but having opinions is an art.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Any fool can tell the truth, but it requires a man of sense to know how to lie well.
people	work-money	wisdom	general	0	Any man can work when every stroke of his hand brings down the fruit rattling from the tree to the ground; but to labor in season and out of season, under every discouragement, by the power of truth -- that requires a heroism which is transcendent.
people	life	quip	general	0	Any man who hates dogs and babies can't be all bad.
people	life	quip	general	0	Anybody can win, unless there happens to be a second entry.
people	life	quip	general	0	Anybody who doesn't cut his speed at the sight of a police car is probably parked.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Anybody with money to burn will easily find someone to tend the fire.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Anyone can become angry -- that is easy; but to be angry with the right person, to the right degree, at the right time, for the right purpose and in the right way -- that is not easy.
people	society	quip	general	0	Anyone stupid enough to be caught by the police is probably guilty.
people	life	joke	general	0	Apathy Club meeting this Friday. If you want to come, you're not invited.
people	society	quip	general	0	"Apathy is not the problem, it's the solution"
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Appearances often are deceiving.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Argue for your limitations, and sure enough, they're yours.
people	society	quip	general	0	Arguments are extremely vulgar, for everyone in good society holds exactly the same opinion.
people	life	quip	general	0	"Arguments with furniture are rarely productive."
people	life	aphorism	general	0	As crazy as hauling timber into the woods.
people	life	quip	general	0	As you grow older, you will still do foolish things, but you will do them with much more enthusiasm.
people	life	quip	general	0	Ask not what's inside your head, but what your head's inside of.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Ask yourself whether you are happy and you cease to be so.
people	life	quip	general	0	At no time is freedom of speech more precious than when a man hits his thumb with a hammer.
people	life	observation	general	0	Back when I was a boy, it was 40 miles to everywhere, uphill both ways and it was always snowing.
people	life	dark	general	0	Bacon's not the only thing that's cured by hanging from a string.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Bad men live that they may eat and drink, whereas good men eat and drink that they may live.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Be braver -- you can't cross a chasm in two small jumps.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Be careful how you get yourself involved with persons or situations that can't bear inspection.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Be careful what you set your heart on -- for it will surely be yours.
people	life	quip	general	0	Be incomprehensible. If they can't understand, they can't disagree.
people	life	quip	general	0	Be independent. Insult a rich relative today.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Be nice to people on the way up, because you'll meet them on your way down.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Be not anxious about what you have, but about what you are.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Be open to other people -- they may enrich your dream.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Be self-reliant and your success is assured.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Be valiant, but not too venturous. Let thy attire be comely, but not costly.
people	life	quip	general	0	Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Before borrowing money from a friend, decide which you need more.
people	faith	wisdom	general	0	Before destruction a man's heart is haughty, but humility goes before honour. -- Proverbs 18:12
people	life	quip	general	0	Being popular is important. Otherwise people might not like you.
people	life	dark	general	0	Being ugly isn't illegal. Yet.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.
people	life	quip	general	0	Beware of self-styled experts: an ex is a has-been, and a spurt is a drip under pressure.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Beware of the man who knows the answer before he understands the question.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	"Beware of the man who works hard to learn something, learns it, and finds himself no wiser than before," Bokonon tells us. "He is full of murderous resentment of people who are ignorant without having come by their ignorance the hard way."
people	life	quip	general	0	BEWARE! People acting under the influence of human nature.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Birds are entangled by their feet and men by their tongues.
people	life	quip	general	0	Birthdays are like busses, never the number you want.
people	life	quip	general	0	Blessed are the forgetful: for they get the better even of their blunders.
people	life	quip	general	0	Blessed are they that have nothing to say, and who cannot be persuaded to say it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Blessed is he who expects no gratitude, for he shall not be disappointed.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it, for he shall enjoy living.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact.
people	life	pun	general	0	Bounders get bound when they are caught bounding.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Brisk talkers are usually slow thinkers. There is, indeed, no wild beast more to be dreaded than a communicative man having nothing to communicate. If you are civil to the voluble, they will abuse your patience; if brusque, your character.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Buck-passing usually turns out to be a boomerang.
people	life	quip	general	0	But Officer, I stopped for the last one, and it was green!
people	life	quip	general	0	"But officer, I was only trying to gain enough speed so I could coast to the nearest gas station."
people	life	wisdom	general	0	But since I knew now that I could hope for nothing of greater value than frivolous pleasures, what point was there in denying myself of them?
people	life	quip	general	0	By doing just a little every day, you can gradually let the task completely overwhelm you.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	By nature, men are nearly alike; by practice, they get to be wide apart.
people	life	insult	general	0	Calling you stupid is an insult to stupid people!
people	love	dark	general	0	Can you buy friendship? You not only can, you must. It's the only way to obtain friends. Everything worthwhile has a price.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	Certainly there are things in life that money can't buy, But it's very funny -- did you ever try buying them without money?
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Character is what you are in the dark!
people	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie Brown: Why was I put on this earth? Linus: To make others happy. Charlie Brown: Why were others put on this earth?
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Charm is a way of getting the answer "Yes" -- without having asked any clear question.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Class, that's the only thing that counts in life. Class. Without class and style, a man's a bum; he might as well be dead. -- "Bugsy" Siegel
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Class: when they're running you out of town, to look like you're leading the parade.
people	science	pun	general	0	Clones are people two.
people	science	pun	general	0	Cloning is the sincerest form of flattery.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Common sense is instinct, and enough of it is genius.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.
people	life	quip	general	0	Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world. Everyone thinks he has enough.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Conceit causes more conversation than wit.
people	faith	aphorism	general	0	Confess your sins to the Lord and you will be forgiven; confess them to man and you will be laughed at.
people	faith	quip	general	0	Confession is good for the soul only in the sense that a tweed coat is good for dandruff.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Confession is good for the soul, but bad for the career.
people	faith	aphorism	general	0	Confessions may be good for the soul, but they are bad for the reputation.
people	life	quip	general	0	Confidence is simply that quiet, assured feeling you have before you fall flat on your face.
people	life	quip	general	0	Confidence is the feeling you have before you understand the situation.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Conformity is the refuge of the unimaginative.
people	life	quip	general	0	Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends.
people	life	quip	general	0	Conscience is the inner voice that warns us somebody may be looking.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good.
people	life	quip	general	0	Conscious is when you are aware of something and conscience is when you wish you weren't.
people	life	quip	general	0	Convention is the ruler of all.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Conversation enriches the understanding, but solitude is the school of genius.
people	life	quip	general	0	Cops never say good-bye. They're always hoping to see you again in the line-up.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Correction does much, but encouragement does more.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Courage is fear that has said its prayers.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Courage is grace under pressure.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Creativity in living is not without its attendant difficulties, for peculiarity breeds contempt. And the unfortunate thing about being ahead of your time when people finally realize you were right, they'll say it was obvious all along.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	Creativity is no substitute for knowing what you are doing.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	Creativity is not always bred in an environment of tranquility; sometimes you have to squeeze a little to get the paste out of the tube.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	Criticism comes easier than craftsmanship.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Dare to be naive.
people	life	insult	general	0	Dave Mack: "Your stupidity, Allen, is simply not up to par." Allen Gwinn: "Yours is."
people	faith	quip	general	0	Dear Lord: Please make my words sweet and tender, for tomorrow I may have to eat them.
people	life	quip	general	0	Death rays don't kill people, people kill people!!
people	life	dark	general	0	Defeat is worse than death because you have to live with defeat.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Delay is preferable to error.
people	life	quip	general	0	Did you know that clones never use mirrors?
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Dishonor will not trouble me, once I am dead.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Distance doesn't make you any smaller, but it does make you part of a larger picture.
people	science	observation	general	0	Do clones have navels?
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Do more than anyone expects, and pretty soon everyone will expect more.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Do not do unto others as you would they should do unto you. Their tastes may not be the same.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Do not think by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
people	life	dark	general	0	Do not try to solve all life's problems at once -- learn to dread each day as it comes.
people	life	quip	general	0	Do you mean that you not only want a wrong answer, but a certain wrong answer?
people	life	observation	general	0	Do you realize how many holes there could be if people would just take the time to take the dirt out of them?
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't be overly suspicious where it's not warranted.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't believe everything you hear or anything you say.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't change the reason, just change the excuses!
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't confuse things that need action with those that take care of themselves.
people	family	aphorism	general	0	Don't despise your poor relations, they may become suddenly rich one day.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't ever slam a door; you might want to go back.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't expect people to keep in step--it's hard enough just staying in line.
people	life	dark	general	0	Don't hit a man when he's down -- kick him; it's easier.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't interfere with the stranger's style.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't put too fine a point to your wit for fear it should get blunted.
people	tech	aphorism	general	0	Don't remember what you can infer.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't say "yes" until I finish talking.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Don't shoot until you're sure you both aren't on the same side.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't shout for help at night. You might wake your neighbors.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't tell me that worry doesn't do any good. I know better. The things I worry about don't happen.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't tell me what you dreamed last night for I've been reading Freud.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't try to have the last word -- you might get it.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't try to outweird me, three-eyes. I get stranger things than you free with my breakfast cereal.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't worry about avoiding temptation -- as you grow older, it starts avoiding you.
people	tech	wisdom	general	0	Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Don't worry over what other people are thinking about you. They're too busy worrying over what you are thinking about them.
people	life	quip	general	0	Don't you wish that all the people who sincerely want to help you could agree with each other?
people	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Dorothy: But how can you talk without a brain? Scarecrow: Well, I don't know... but some people without brains do an awful lot of talking.
people	life	quip	general	0	Drive defensively. Buy a tank.
people	life	quip	general	0	Early to bed and early to rise and you'll be groggy when everyone else is wide awake.
people	life	observation	general	0	Elevators smell different to midgets.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Enjoy your life; be pleasant and gay, like the birds in May.
people	life	quip	general	0	Enjoy yourself while you're still old.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Envy is a pain of mind that successful men cause their neighbors.
people	life	quip	general	0	Etiquette is for those with no breeding; fashion for those with no taste.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Even a hawk is an eagle among crows.
people	faith	wisdom	general	0	Even God lends a hand to honest boldness.
people	life	quip	general	0	Even if you persuade me, you won't persuade me.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Even moderation ought not to be practiced to excess.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Every improvement in communication makes the bore more terrible.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Every man is as God made him, ay, and often worse.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Every man takes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world.
people	life	insult	general	0	Every time I look at you I am more convinced of Darwin's theory.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Everybody has something to conceal.
people	life	quip	general	0	Everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
people	faith	quip	general	0	Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Everyone complains of his memory, no one of his judgement.
people	life	quip	general	0	Everyone hates me because I'm paranoid.
people	life	quip	general	0	Everyone is a genius. It's just that some people are too stupid to realize it.
people	life	quip	general	0	Everyone is entitled to my opinion.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Everyone is more or less mad on one point.
people	life	quip	general	0	Everyone talks about apathy, but no one does anything about it.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Everyone wants results, but no one is willing to do what it takes to get them.
people	life	quip	general	0	Everyone was born right-handed. Only the greatest overcome it.
people	life	quip	general	0	Everyone's in a high place when you're on your knees.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Evil is that which one believes of others. It is a sin to believe evil of others, but it is seldom a mistake.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Example is not the main thing in influencing others. It is the only thing.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Excess on occasion is exhilarating. It prevents moderation from acquiring the deadening effect of a habit.
people	life	quip	general	0	Exhilaration is that feeling you get just after a great idea hits you, and just before you realize what is wrong with it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Experience is not what happens to you; it is what you do with what happens to you.
people	life	quip	general	0	Experience is that marvelous thing that enables you recognize a mistake when you make it again.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Experience is what causes a person to make new mistakes instead of old ones.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Experience is what you get when you didn't get what you wanted.
people	life	quip	general	0	Experience is what you get when you were expecting something else.
people	life	quip	general	0	Experience teaches you that the man who looks you straight in the eye, particularly if he adds a firm handshake, is hiding something.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Fame may be fleeting but obscurity is forever.
people	arts	quip	general	0	Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
people	society	quip	general	0	Fashions have done more harm than revolutions.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Flattery is like cologne -- to be smelled, but not swallowed.
people	life	observation	general	0	For an idea to be fashionable is ominous, since it must afterwards be always old-fashioned.
people	society	quip	general	0	For every credibility gap, there is a gullibility fill.
people	faith	wisdom	general	0	For I do not do the good I want, but the evil I do not want is what I do.
people	life	quip	general	0	"For I perceive that behind this seemingly unrelated sequence of events, there lurks a singular, sinister attitude of mind." "Whose?" "MINE! HA-HA!"
people	life	wisdom	general	0	For men use, if they have an evil turn, to write it in marble: and whoso doth us a good turn we write it in dust.
people	life	quip	general	0	For most men life is a search for the proper manila envelope in which to get themselves filed.
people	arts	quip	general	0	For people who like that kind of book, that is the kind of book they will like.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	For perfect happiness, remember two things: (1) Be content with what you've got. (2) Be sure you've got plenty.
people	life	quip	general	0	For those who like this sort of thing, this is the sort of thing they like.
people	life	dark	general	0	"For three days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow but phone calls taper off."
people	life	quip	general	0	Fortune finishes the great quotations, #2 If at first you don't succeed, think how many people you've made happy.
people	arts	quip	general	0	Fortune finishes the great quotations, #21 Shall I compare thee to a Summer day? No, I guess not.
people	life	quip	general	0	Fortune finishes the great quotations, #6 "But, soft! What light through yonder window breaks?" It's nothing, honey. Go back to sleep.
people	life	quip	general	0	Four fifths of the perjury in the world is expended on tombstones, women and competitors.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.
people	life	observation	general	0	Friendships last when each friend thinks he has a slight superiority over the other.
people	life	quip	general	0	Genius is the talent of a person who is dead.
people	life	quip	general	0	Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.
people	faith	quip	general	0	Get forgiveness now -- tomorrow you may no longer feel guilty.
people	life	quip	general	0	Give me a sleeping pill and tell me your troubles.
people	family	quip	general	0	Go out and tell a lie that will make the whole family proud of you.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Go slowly to the entertainments of thy friends, but quickly to their misfortunes.
people	family	aphorism	general	0	God gives us relatives; thank goodness we can chose our friends.
people	faith	quip	general	0	God must love the common man; He made so many of them.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Good advice is one of those insults that ought to be forgiven.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Good advice is something a man gives when he is too old to set a bad example.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Good judgement comes from experience. Experience comes from bad judgement. -- Nasreddin, via Jim Horning ( https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Jim_Horning )
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Gratitude, like love, is never a dependable international emotion.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Great minds run in great circles.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Greatness is a transitory experience. It is never consistent.
people	life	quip	general	0	Growing old isn't bad when you consider the alternatives.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Half of being smart is knowing what you're dumb at.
people	life	quip	general	0	Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Hate is like acid. It can damage the vessel in which it is stored as well as destroy the object on which it is poured.
people	faith	aphorism	general	0	Hate the sin and love the sinner.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Have no friends not equal to yourself.
people	life	dark	general	0	Having no talent is no longer enough.
people	life	quip	general	0	He had occasional flashes of silence that made his conversation perfectly delightful.
people	life	quip	general	0	He had that rare weird electricity about him -- that extremely wild and heavy presence that you only see in a person who has abandoned all hope of ever behaving "normally."
people	life	quip	general	0	He hadn't a single redeeming vice.
people	life	insult	general	0	He is a man capable of turning any colour into grey.
people	life	quip	general	0	He is considered a most graceful speaker who can say nothing in the most words.
people	life	insult	general	0	He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others.
people	life	observation	general	0	He laughs at every joke three times... once when it's told, once when it's explained, and once when he understands it.
people	life	quip	general	0	He looked at me as if I were a side dish he hadn't ordered.
people	life	quip	general	0	He missed an invaluable opportunity to hold his tongue.
people	life	dark	general	0	He only knew his iron spine held up the sky -- he didn't realize his brain had fallen to the ground.
people	life	quip	general	0	He thinks by infection, catching an opinion like a cold.
people	life	quip	general	0	He walks as if balancing the family tree on his nose.
people	life	insult	general	0	He was so narrow-minded he could see through a keyhole with both eyes.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	He who always plows a straight furrow is in a rut.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	He who despises himself nevertheless esteems himself as a self-despiser.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	He who hoots with owls by night cannot soar with eagles by day.
people	life	dark	general	0	He who is flogged by fate and laughs the louder is a masochist.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	He who is good for making excuses is seldom good for anything else.
people	life	quip	general	0	He who is known as an early riser need not get up until noon.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	He who minds his own business is never unemployed.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	He who walks on burning coals is sure to get burned.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	He who wonders discovers that this in itself is wonder.
people	life	quip	general	0	He's the kind of guy, that, well, if you were ever in a jam he'd be there... with two slices of bread and some chunky peanut butter.
people	life	quip	general	0	"He's the kind of man for the times that need the kind of man he is ..."
people	life	observation	general	0	Here I am, fifty-eight, and I still don't know what I want to be when I grow up.
people	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hi! I'm Larry. This is my brother Bob, and this is my other brother Jimbo. We thought you might like to know the names of your assailants.
people	life	tv-quote	general	0	Higgins: Doolittle, you're either an honest man or a rogue. Doolittle: A little of both, Guv'nor. Like the rest of us, a little of both.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Hindsight is always 20:20.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Hindsight is an exact science.
people	life	observation	general	0	His life was formal; his actions seemed ruled with a ruler.
people	life	insult	general	0	His mind is like a steel trap: full of mice.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	History repeats itself -- the first time as a tragi-comedy, the second time as bedroom farce.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	History repeats itself only if one does not listen the first time.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	History repeats itself. That's one thing wrong with history.
people	family	aphorism	general	0	Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in.
people	family	wisdom	general	0	Home life as we understand it is no more natural to us than a cage is to a cockatoo.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Hope is a good breakfast, but it is a bad supper.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Hope is a waking dream.
people	life	dark	general	0	Hope not, lest ye be disappointed.
people	life	observation	general	0	How comes it to pass, then, that we appear such cowards in reasoning, and are so afraid to stand the test of ridicule?
people	life	observation	general	0	How long a minute is depends on which side of the bathroom door you're on.
people	life	quip	general	0	How many "coming men" has one known! Where on earth do they all go to?
people	life	quip	general	0	However, never daunted, I will cope with adversity in my traditional manner ... sulking and nausea.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Human kind cannot bear very much reality.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober, responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and immature.
people	life	observation	general	0	Humans are communications junkies. We just can't get enough.
people	life	quip	general	0	Humility is the first of the virtues -- for other people.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I allow the world to live as it chooses, and I allow myself to live as I choose.
people	life	quip	general	0	I always choose my friends for their good looks and my enemies for their good intellects. Man cannot be too careful in his choice of enemies.
people	life	quip	general	0	I always pass on good advice. It is the only thing to do with it. It is never any good to oneself.
people	life	quip	general	0	I always say beauty is only sin deep.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	I am an optimist. It does not seem too much use being anything else.
people	life	quip	general	0	I am firm. You are obstinate. He is a pig-headed fool.
people	life	quip	general	0	I am looking for a honest man.
people	faith	quip	general	0	"I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter."
people	life	quip	general	0	I believe in getting into hot water; it keeps you clean.
people	life	quip	general	0	I call them as I see them. If I can't see them, I make them up.
people	life	quip	general	0	I can give you my word, but I know what it's worth and you don't.
people	arts	quip	general	0	I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write faster than anybody who can write better.
people	life	quip	general	0	I can't seem to bring myself to say, "Well, I guess I'll be toddling along." It isn't that I can't toddle. It's that I can't guess I'll toddle.
people	life	dark	general	0	I can't stand squealers; hit that guy.
people	life	quip	general	0	I can't understand it. I can't even understand the people who can understand it.
people	life	quip	general	0	I can't understand why people are frightened of new ideas. I'm frightened of the old ones.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions.
people	life	quip	general	0	I consider the day misspent that I am not either charged with a crime, or arrested for one. -- "Ratsy" Tourbillon
people	life	observation	general	0	I didn't get sophisticated -- I just got tired. But maybe that's what sophisticated is -- being tired.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	"I didn't know it was impossible when I did it."
people	society	quip	general	0	I disagree with what you say, but will defend to the death your right to tell such LIES!
people	life	quip	general	0	I do not know myself and God forbid that I should.
people	nature	wisdom	general	0	I do not know where to find in any literature, whether ancient or modern, any adequate account of that nature with which I am acquainted. Mythology comes nearest to it of any.
people	family	wisdom	general	0	I don't know who my grandfather was; I am much more concerned to know what his grandson will be.
people	life	quip	general	0	I don't know why we're here, I say we all go home and free associate.
people	life	quip	general	0	I don't make the rules, Gil, I only play the game.
people	life	quip	general	0	I don't mind arguing with myself. It's when I lose that it bothers me.
people	life	quip	general	0	I don't remember it, but I have it written down.
people	life	quip	general	0	"I don't think they could put him in a mental hospital. On the other hand, if he were already in, I don't think they'd let him out."
people	life	quip	general	0	"I don't understand," said the scientist, "why you lemmings all rush down to the sea and drown yourselves." "How curious," said the lemming. "The one thing I don't understand is why you human beings don't."
people	life	quip	general	0	I don't want to bore you, but there's nobody else around for me to bore.
people	life	quip	general	0	I either want less decadence or more chance to participate in it.
people	life	quip	general	0	I generally avoid temptation unless I can't resist it.
people	life	quip	general	0	I give you the man who -- the man who -- uh, I forgets the man who?
people	life	quip	general	0	I got vision, and the rest of the world wears bifocals.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I guess I've been wrong all my life, but so have billions of other people... Certainty is just an emotion.
people	life	quip	general	0	I hate mankind, for I think myself one of the best of them, and I know how bad I am.
people	life	observation	general	0	I hate small towns because once you've seen the cannon in the park there's nothing else to do.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I have discovered that all human evil comes from this, man's being unable to sit still in a room.
people	life	quip	general	0	I have found little that is good about human beings. In my experience most of them are trash.
people	life	quip	general	0	I have great faith in fools -- self confidence my friends call it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I have learned silence from the talkative, toleration from the intolerant, and kindness from the unkind.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I have made mistakes but I have never made the mistake of claiming that I have never made one.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I have no right, by anything I do or say, to demean a human being in his own eyes. What matters is not what I think of him; it is what he thinks of himself. To undermine a man's self-respect is a sin.
people	life	quip	general	0	I knew one thing: as soon as anyone said you didn't need a gun, you'd better take one along that worked.
people	life	quip	general	0	I love mankind ... It's people I hate.
people	life	quip	general	0	"I may appear to be just sitting here like a bucket of tapioca, but don't let appearances fool you. I'm approaching old age ... at the speed of light."
people	life	quip	general	0	I may be getting older, but I refuse to grow up!
people	life	uplifting	general	0	I may not be totally perfect, but parts of me are excellent.
people	life	quip	general	0	I never killed a man that didn't deserve it.
people	life	quip	general	0	I prefer rogues to imbeciles because they sometimes take a rest.
people	life	quip	general	0	I profoundly believe it takes a lot of practice to become a moral slob.
people	life	quip	general	0	"... I should explain that I was wearing a black velvet cape that was supposed to make me look like the dashing, romantic Zorro but which actually made me look like a gigantic bat wearing glasses ..."
people	faith	dark	general	0	I sometimes think that God, in creating man, somewhat overestimated his ability.
people	life	pun	general	0	I think I'm schizophrenic. One half of me's paranoid and the other half's out to get him.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I treasure this strange combination found in very few persons: a fierce desire for life as well as a lucid perception of the ultimate futility of the quest.
people	life	quip	general	0	I used to think that the brain was the most wonderful organ in my body. Then I realized who was telling me this.
people	life	quip	general	0	I waited and waited and when no message came I knew it must be from you.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I will follow the good side right to the fire, but not into it if I can help it.
people	society	quip	general	0	I'll defend to the death your right to say that, but I never said I'd listen to it!
people	life	quip	general	0	I'll give you my opinion of the human race in a nutshell ... their heart's in the right place, but their head is a thoroughly inefficient organ.
people	life	quip	general	0	I'll pretend to trust you if you'll pretend to trust me.
people	life	quip	general	0	I'm not the person your mother warned you about... her imagination isn't that good.
people	life	quip	general	0	"I'm really enjoying not talking to you ... Let's not talk again REAL soon ..."
people	love	quip	general	0	I'm so miserable without you, it's almost like you're here.
people	life	quip	general	0	I'm sorry if the correct way of doing things offends you.
people	faith	pun	general	0	I'm sorry, but my karma just ran over your dogma.
people	work-money	wisdom	general	0	I'm successful because I'm lucky. The harder I work, the luckier I get.
people	life	quip	general	0	I've already told you more than I know.
people	life	quip	general	0	I've found my niche. If you're wondering why I'm not there, there was this little hole in the bottom ...
people	arts	quip	general	0	I've given up reading books; I find it takes my mind off myself.
people	life	quip	general	0	I've known him as a man, as an adolescent and as a child -- sometimes on the same day.
people	life	tv-quote	general	0	"I've seen, I SAY, I've seen better heads on a mug of beer"
people	life	observation	general	0	Ideas don't stay in some minds very long because they don't like solitary confinement.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	If a man has talent and cannot use it, he has failed.
people	faith	quip	general	0	If God had intended Man to Walk, He would have given him Feet.
people	faith	quip	general	0	If God had meant for us to be naked, we would have been born that way.
people	faith	quip	general	0	If God had really intended men to fly, he'd make it easier to get to the airport.
people	faith	quip	general	0	If God had wanted you to go around nude, He would have given you bigger hands.
people	faith	quip	general	0	If God hadn't wanted you to be paranoid, He wouldn't have given you such a vivid imagination.
people	faith	quip	general	0	If God wanted us to be brave, why did he give us legs?
people	faith	quip	general	0	If he should ever change his faith, it'll be because he no longer thinks he's God.
people	life	quip	general	0	If I'm over the hill, why is it I don't recall ever being on top?
people	faith	quip	general	0	If man is only a little lower than the angels, the angels should reform.
people	life	quip	general	0	If one studies too zealously, one easily loses his pants.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If one tells the truth, one is sure, sooner or later, to be found out.
people	life	quip	general	0	If only I could be respected without having to be respectable.
people	life	quip	general	0	If only one could get that wonderful feeling of accomplishment without having to accomplish anything.
people	life	insult	general	0	If only you had a personality instead of an attitude.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If opportunity came disguised as temptation, one knock would be enough.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If people see that you mean them no harm, they'll never hurt you, nine times out of ten!
people	life	quip	general	0	If practice makes perfect, and nobody's perfect, why practice?
people	life	observation	general	0	If some people didn't tell you, you'd never know they'd been away on vacation.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If someone says he will do something "without fail", he won't.
people	faith	observation	general	0	If the weather is extremely bad, church attendance will be down. If the weather is extremely good, church attendance will be down. If the bulletin covers are in short supply, however, church attendance will exceed all expectations.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If there is a wrong way to do something, then someone will do it.
people	life	quip	general	0	If there was any justice in the world, "trust" would be a four-letter word.
people	life	quip	general	0	If things don't improve soon, you'd better ask them to stop helping you.
people	life	quip	general	0	"If we were meant to fly, we wouldn't keep losing our luggage."
people	life	joke	general	0	If we were meant to get up early, God would have created us with alarm clocks.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you are a fatalist, what can you do about it?
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you are honest because honesty is the best policy, your honesty is corrupt.
people	life	dark	general	0	If you can keep your head when all about you are losing theirs, then you clearly don't understand the situation.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you can't say anything good about someone, sit right here by me.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you cannot in the long run tell everyone what you have been doing, your doing was worthless.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If you continually give you will continually have.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you didn't get caught, did you really do it?
people	life	quip	general	0	If you didn't have most of your friends, you wouldn't have most of your problems.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you do not wish a man to do a thing, you had better get him to talk about it; for the more men talk, the more likely they are to do nothing else.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you don't care where you are, then you ain't lost.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you don't do it, you'll never know what would have happened if you had done it.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you don't do the things that are not worth doing, who will?
people	life	quip	general	0	If you don't go to other men's funerals they won't go to yours.
people	life	dark	general	0	If you don't have a nasty obituary you probably didn't matter.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you don't like the way I drive, stay off the sidewalk!
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If you don't say anything, you won't be called on to repeat it.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you explain so clearly that nobody can misunderstand, somebody will.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If you flaunt it, expect to have it trashed.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you float on instinct alone, how can you calculate the buoyancy for the computed load?
people	life	quip	general	0	If you go out of your mind, do it quietly, so as not to disturb those around you.
people	life	insult	general	0	If you had any brains, you'd be dangerous.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If you just try long enough and hard enough, you can always manage to boot yourself in the posterior.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If you keep your mind sufficiently open, people will throw a lot of rubbish into it.
people	life	observation	general	0	If you lived today as if it were your last, you'd buy up a box of rockets and fire them all off, wouldn't you?
people	life	quip	general	0	If you look good and dress well, you don't need a purpose in life.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; but if you really make them think they'll hate you.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	If you mess with a thing long enough, it'll break.
people	life	observation	general	0	If you notice that a person is deceiving you, they must not be deceiving you very well.
people	faith	quip	general	0	If you talk to God, you are praying; if God talks to you, you have schizophrenia.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you think before you speak the other guy gets his joke in first.
people	tech	quip	general	0	If you think the problem is bad now, just wait until we've solved it.
people	life	dark	general	0	If you think things can't get worse it's probably only because you lack sufficient imagination.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you try to please everyone, somebody is not going to like it.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you want to know how old a man is, ask his brother-in-law.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	If you will practice being fictional for a while, you will understand that fictional characters are sometimes more real than people with bodies and heartbeats.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	If you would understand your own age, read the works of fiction produced in it. People in disguise speak freely.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you're careful enough, nothing bad or good will ever happen to you.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you're constantly being mistreated, you're cooperating with the treatment.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	If you're happy, you're successful.
people	life	quip	general	0	If you're not very clever you should be conciliatory.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	In good speaking, should not the mind of the speaker know the truth of the matter about which he is to speak?
people	life	aphorism	general	0	In matters of principle, stand like a rock; in matters of taste, swim with the current.
people	life	observation	general	0	In most instances, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	In success there's a tendency to keep on doing what you were doing.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	In the misfortune of our friends we find something that is not displeasing to us.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	In this world some people are going to like me and some are not. So, I may as well be me. Then I know if someone likes me, they like me.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	In this world there are only two tragedies. One is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it.
people	life	dark	general	0	Innocence ends when one is stripped of the delusion that one likes oneself.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Intolerance is the last defense of the insecure.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Involvement with people is always a very delicate thing -- it requires real maturity to become involved and not get all messed up.
people	life	quip	general	0	It destroys one's nerves to be amiable every day to the same human being.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It does not matter if you fall down as long as you pick up something from the floor while you get up.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	It doesn't matter what you do, it only matters what you say you've done and what you're going to do.
people	life	observation	general	0	It has been observed that one's nose is never so happy as when it is thrust into the affairs of another, from which some physiologists have drawn the inference that the nose is devoid of the sense of smell.
people	life	quip	general	0	It has been said that man is a rational animal. All my life I have been searching for evidence which could support this.
people	life	quip	general	0	It is all right to hold a conversation, but you should let go of it now and then.
people	life	quip	general	0	It is always the best policy to tell the truth, unless, of course, you are an exceptionally good liar.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
people	society	quip	general	0	It is better for civilization to be going down the drain than to be coming up it.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is easier to make a saint out of a libertine than out of a prig.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It is easy when we are in prosperity to give advice to the afflicted.
people	life	quip	general	0	It is exactly because a man cannot do a thing that he is a proper judge of it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help.
people	life	quip	general	0	It is generally agreed that "Hello" is an appropriate greeting because if you entered a room and said "Goodbye," it could confuse a lot of people.
people	life	quip	general	0	It is impossible for an optimist to be pleasantly surprised.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is impossible to make anything foolproof because fools are so ingenious.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	It is indeed desirable to be well descended, but the glory belongs to our ancestors.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It is much easier to be critical than to be correct.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is not enough to have a good mind. The main thing is to use it well.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is not enough to have great qualities, we should also have the management of them.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is not good for a man to be without knowledge, and he who makes haste with his feet misses his way. -- Proverbs 19:2
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It is often easier to ask for forgiveness than to ask for permission.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is one thing to praise discipline, and another to submit to it.
people	life	quip	general	0	It is only people of small moral stature who have to stand on their dignity.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	It is only the great men who are truly obscene. If they had not dared to be obscene, they could never have dared to be great.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It is the business of little minds to shrink.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It is the nature of extreme self-lovers, as they will set an house on fire, and it were but to roast their eggs.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It is the wisdom of crocodiles, that shed tears when they would devour.
people	nature	aphorism	general	0	It is the wise bird who builds his nest in a tree.
people	life	quip	general	0	It matters not whether you win or lose; what matters is whether I win or lose.
people	life	quip	general	0	It may be bad manners to talk with your mouth full, but it isn't too good either if you speak when your head is empty.
people	life	dark	general	0	It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.
people	life	observation	general	0	It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.
people	life	quip	general	0	It seems to make an auto driver mad if he misses you.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It takes a special kind of courage to face what we all have to face.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It takes all kinds to fill the freeways.
people	society	dark	general	0	It takes both a weapon, and two people, to commit a murder.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	It takes less time to do a thing right than it does to explain why you did it wrong.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It takes two to tell the truth: one to speak and one to hear.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It will be generally found that those who sneer habitually at human nature and affect to despise it, are among its worst and least pleasant examples.
people	life	observation	general	0	It would be nice to be sure of anything the way some people are of everything.
people	life	observation	general	0	It's amazing how many people you could be friends with if only they'd make the first approach.
people	life	quip	general	0	It's amazing how much "mature wisdom" resembles being too tired.
people	life	observation	general	0	It's amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away.
people	life	quip	general	0	It's bad enough that life is a rat-race, but why do the rats always have to win?
people	life	quip	general	0	It's better to be quotable than to be honest.
people	life	dark	general	0	It's better to be wanted for murder that not to be wanted at all.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	It's easier to fight for one's principles than to live up to them.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	It's easier to get forgiveness for being wrong than forgiveness for being right.
people	life	quip	general	0	It's hard not to like a man of many qualities, even if most of them are bad.
people	life	quip	general	0	It's hard to be humble when you're perfect.
people	life	pun	general	0	It's hard to keep your shirt on when you're getting something off your chest.
people	life	observation	general	0	It's interesting to think that many quite distinguished people have bodies similar to yours.
people	life	quip	general	0	It's only by NOT taking the human race seriously that I retain what fragments of my once considerable mental powers I still possess.
people	life	observation	general	0	It's reassuring to know that if you behave strangely enough, society will take full responsibility for you.
people	life	quip	general	0	It's sweet to be remembered, but it's often cheaper to be forgotten.
people	love	quip	general	0	Jealousy is all the fun you think they have.
people	life	dark	general	0	Just because I turn down a contract on a guy doesn't mean he isn't going to get hit.
people	life	quip	general	0	Just because you're paranoid doesn't mean they AREN'T after you.
people	life	quip	general	0	"Just out of curiosity does this actually mean something or have some of the few remaining bits of your brain just evaporated?"
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Just weigh your own hurt against the hurt of all the others, and then do what's best.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	Just when you thought you were winning the rat race, along comes a faster rat!!
people	society	quip	general	0	Justice always prevails ... three times out of seven!
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Keep cool, but don't freeze.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Keep your mouth shut and people will think you stupid; Open it and you remove all doubt.
people	life	quip	general	0	Lack of capability is usually disguised by lack of interest.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Lack of money is the root of all evil.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Last guys don't finish nice.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Laughter is the closest distance between two people.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Learn from other people's mistakes, you don't have time to make your own.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Let a fool hold his tongue and he will pass for a sage.
people	faith	dark	general	0	Let the meek inherit the earth -- they have it coming to them.
people	life	quip	general	0	Let's do it.
people	life	quip	general	0	Life is a hospital in which every patient is possessed by the desire to change his bed.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is a series of rude awakenings.
people	life	dark	general	0	Life is a serious burden, which no thinking, humane person would wantonly inflict on someone else.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is like bein' on a mule team. Unless you're the lead mule, all the scenery looks about the same.
people	life	quip	general	0	"Life would be much simpler and things would get done much faster if it weren't for other people"
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Lord, defend me from my friends; I can account for my enemies.
people	life	quip	general	0	Love thy neighbor as thyself, but choose your neighborhood.
people	life	quip	general	0	Love your enemies: they'll go crazy trying to figure out what you're up to.
people	love	aphorism	general	0	Love your neighbour, yet don't pull down your hedge.
people	life	quip	general	0	Lying is an indispensable part of making life tolerable.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Man belongs wherever he wants to go.
people	life	dark	general	0	Man has made his bedlam; let him lie in it.
people	faith	observation	general	0	Man has never reconciled himself to the ten commandments.
people	life	quip	general	0	Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
people	life	quip	general	0	Man is a rational animal who always loses his temper when he is called upon to act in accordance with the dictates of reason.
people	life	dark	general	0	Man is the only animal that can remain on friendly terms with the victims he intends to eat until he eats them.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps; for he is the only animal that is struck with the difference between what things are and what they ought to be.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Man usually avoids attributing cleverness to somebody else -- unless it is an enemy.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Man's horizons are bounded by his vision.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Man's unique agony as a species consists in his perpetual conflict between the desire to stand out and the need to blend in.
people	family	quip	general	0	Many a family tree needs trimming.
people	life	quip	general	0	Many a man that can't direct you to a corner drugstore will get a respectful hearing when age has further impaired his mind.
people	life	observation	general	0	Many people are desperately looking for some wise advice which will recommend that they do what they want to do.
people	life	quip	general	0	Many people are secretly interested in life.
people	life	observation	general	0	Many people feel that if you won't let them make you happy, they'll make you suffer.
people	life	observation	general	0	Many people feel that they deserve some kind of recognition for all the bad things they haven't done.
people	life	quip	general	0	Many people resent being treated like the person they really are.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Many receive advice, few profit by it.
people	life	quip	general	0	'Martyrdom' is the only way a person can become famous without ability.
people	life	verse	general	0	May those that love us love us; and those that don't love us, may God turn their hearts; and if he doesn't turn their hearts, may he turn their ankles so we'll know them by their limping.
people	life	quip	general	0	May you die in bed at 95, shot by a jealous spouse.
people	faith	dark	general	0	Maybe Jesus was right when he said that the meek shall inherit the earth -- but they inherit very small plots, about six feet by three.
people	life	quip	general	0	"Maybe we can get together and show off to each other sometimes."
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Meekness is uncommon patience in planning a worthwhile revenge.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Men use thought only to justify their wrong doings, and speech only to conceal their thoughts.
people	life	quip	general	0	Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Mind your own business, then you don't mind mine.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Mix a little foolishness with your serious plans; it's lovely to be silly at the right moment.
people	society	quip	general	0	Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings.
people	life	quip	general	0	Modesty is a vastly overrated virtue.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	More are taken in by hope than by cunning.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	More people are flattered into virtue than bullied out of vice.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Most of our lives are about proving something, either to ourselves or to someone else.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Most of the fear that spoils our life comes from attacking difficulties before we get to them.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Most of your faults are not your fault.
people	life	quip	general	0	Most people are too busy to have time for anything important.
people	arts	dark	general	0	Most people are unable to write because they are unable to think, and they are unable to think because they congenitally lack the equipment to do so, just as they congenitally lack the equipment to fly over the moon.
people	life	observation	general	0	Most people can do without the essentials, but not without the luxuries.
people	life	observation	general	0	Most people can't understand how others can blow their noses differently than they do.
people	life	quip	general	0	Most people deserve each other.
people	society	observation	general	0	Most people feel that everyone is entitled to their opinion.
people	life	observation	general	0	Most people have a furious itch to talk about themselves and are restrained only by the disinclination of others to listen. Reserve is an artificial quality that is developed in most of us as the result of innumerable rebuffs.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Most people have a mind that's open by appointment only.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Most people have two reasons for doing anything -- a good reason, and the real reason.
people	life	dark	general	0	Most people in this society who aren't actively mad are, at best, reformed or potential lunatics.
people	life	quip	general	0	Most people need some of their problems to help take their mind off some of the others.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Most people prefer certainty to truth.
people	life	quip	general	0	Mother told me to be good but she's been wrong before.
people	life	dark	general	0	Murder is always a mistake -- one should never do anything one cannot talk about after dinner.
people	life	quip	general	0	My brain is my second favorite organ.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	My method is to take the utmost trouble to find the right thing to say. And then say it with the utmost levity.
people	life	quip	general	0	My mind can never know my body, although it has become quite friendly with my legs.
people	life	quip	general	0	My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
people	life	quip	general	0	My own business always bores me to death; I prefer other people's.
people	life	quip	general	0	My philosophy is: Don't think.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power.
people	life	observation	general	0	Needs are a function of what other people have.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Neither spread the germs of gossip nor encourage others to do so.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never argue with a fool -- people might not be able to tell the difference.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Never argue with a man who buys ink by the barrel.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Never ask the barber if you need a haircut.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never explain. Your friends do not need it and your enemies will never believe you anyway.
people	life	quip	general	0	Never face facts; if you do you'll never get up in the morning.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.
people	life	quip	general	0	Never frighten a small man -- he'll kill you.
people	life	quip	general	0	Never get into fights with ugly people because they have nothing to lose.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never insult an alligator until you've crossed the river.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never kick a man, unless he's down.
people	life	quip	general	0	Never leave anything to chance; make sure all your crimes are premeditated.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never pay a compliment as if expecting a receipt.
people	life	quip	general	0	Never speak ill of yourself, your friends will always say enough on that subject.
people	life	quip	general	0	Never tell a lie unless it is absolutely convenient.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never trust anybody whose arm is bigger than your leg.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Never underestimate the power of human stupidity.
people	love	quip	general	0	Never, ever lie to someone you love unless you're absolutely sure they'll never find out the truth.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Nezvannyi gost'--khuzhe tatarina. [An uninvited guest is worse than the Mongol invasion] -- Russian proverb
people	life	insult	general	0	Nice boy, but about as sharp as a sack of wet mice.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	No character, however upright, is a match for constantly reiterated attacks, however false.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	No guest is so welcome in a friend's house that he will not become a nuisance after three days.
people	life	quip	general	0	No man is an island, but some of us are long peninsulas.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	No man is useless who has a friend, and if we are loved we are indispensable.
people	life	quip	general	0	No man would listen to you talk if he didn't know it was his turn next.
people	life	observation	general	0	No matter what happens, there is always someone who knew it would.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	No one becomes depraved in a moment.
people	life	insult	general	0	No one can have a higher opinion of him than I have, and I think he's a dirty little beast.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	No one can put you down without your full cooperation.
people	life	quip	general	0	"No one gets too old to learn a new way of being stupid."
people	life	aphorism	general	0	No one knows what he can do till he tries.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	No one regards what is before his feet; we all gaze at the stars.
people	life	quip	general	0	No one so thoroughly appreciates the value of constructive criticism as the one who's giving it.
people	life	quip	general	0	No question is so difficult as one to which the answer is obvious.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	No sooner said than done -- so acts your man of worth.
people	life	quip	general	0	Nobody can be as agreeable as an uninvited guest.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Nobody ever forgets where he buried the hatchet.
people	life	quip	general	0	Nobody knows the trouble I've been.
people	life	quip	general	0	Nobody knows what goes between his cold toes and his warm ears.
people	life	observation	general	0	Nobody wants constructive criticism. It's all we can do to put up with constructive praise.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Nothing astonishes men so much as common sense and plain dealing.
people	life	dark	general	0	Nothing makes one so vain as being told that one is a sinner. Conscience makes egotists of us all.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Nothing shortens a journey so pleasantly as an account of misfortunes at which the hearer is permitted to laugh.
people	faith	quip	general	0	O Lord, grant that we may always be right, for Thou knowest we will never change our minds.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Objects are lost only because people look where they are not rather than where they are.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
people	society	quip	general	0	Oh this age! How tasteless and ill-bred it is.
people	life	dark	general	0	Oh wearisome condition of humanity! Born under one law, to another bound.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Old age and treachery will overcome youth and skill.
people	life	quip	general	0	Old age is always fifteen years old than I am.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Old age is the harbor of all ills.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Old age is the most unexpected of things that can happen to a man.
people	life	dark	general	0	Old age is too high a price to pay for maturity.
people	life	quip	general	0	Old men are fond of giving good advice to console themselves for their inability to set a bad example.
people	life	quip	general	0	On Monday mornings I am dedicated to the proposition that all men are created jerks.
people	life	quip	general	0	One advantage of talking to yourself is that you know at least somebody's listening.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	One can never consent to creep when one feels an impulse to soar.
people	family	aphorism	general	0	One family builds a wall, two families enjoy it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	One is not superior merely because one sees the world as odious. -- Chateaubriand (1768-1848)
people	life	aphorism	general	0	One is often kept in the right road by a rut.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	One man tells a falsehood, a hundred repeat it as true.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	One measure of friendship consists not in the number of things friends can discuss, but in the number of things they need no longer mention.
people	life	quip	general	0	One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	One of the large consolations for experiencing anything unpleasant is the knowledge that one can communicate it.
people	life	observation	general	0	One of the pleasures of reading old letters is the knowledge that they need no answer.
people	life	quip	general	0	One of the worst of my many faults is that I'm too critical of myself.
people	life	dark	general	0	One would like to stroke and caress human beings, but one dares not do so, because they bite.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Only a fool has no doubts.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Only a mediocre person is always at his best.
people	life	quip	general	0	Only fools are quoted.
people	life	quip	general	0	Only kings, presidents, editors, and people with tapeworms have the right to use the editorial "we".
people	life	quip	general	0	Only someone with nothing to be sorry for smiles back at the rear of an elephant.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Only the hypocrite is really rotten to the core.
people	life	joke	general	0	Only two of my personalities are schizophrenic, but one of them is paranoid and the other one is out to get him.
people	society	dark	general	0	Optimism is the content of small men in high places.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Original thought is like original sin: both happened before you were born to people you could not have possibly met.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Others can stop you temporarily, only you can do it permanently.
people	life	quip	general	0	Others will look to you for stability, so hide when you bite your nails.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Out of the crooked timber of humanity no straight thing can ever be made.
people	life	dark	general	0	Paranoia doesn't mean the whole world isn't out to get you.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Paranoia is heightened awareness.
people	life	quip	general	0	Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life.
people	life	observation	general	0	Paranoid schizophrenics outnumber their enemies at least two to one.
people	life	quip	general	0	Paranoids are people, too; they have their own problems. It's easy to criticize, but if everybody hated you, you'd be paranoid too.
people	life	dark	general	0	Passionate hatred can give meaning and purpose to an empty life.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Patience is a minor form of despair, disguised as virtue.
people	life	quip	general	0	People are like onions -- you cut them up, and they make you cry.
people	life	quip	general	0	People are unconditionally guaranteed to be full of defects.
people	life	observation	general	0	People don't change; they only become more so.
people	life	quip	general	0	People don't usually make the same mistake twice -- they make it three times, four time, five times...
people	life	quip	general	0	People love high ideals, but they got to be about 33-percent plausible.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	People need good lies. There are too many bad ones.
people	life	observation	general	0	People often find it easier to be a result of the past than a cause of the future.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	People respond to people who respond.
people	life	quip	general	0	People say I live in my own little fantasy world... well, at least they *know* me there!
people	life	observation	general	0	People seem to enjoy things more when they know a lot of other people have been left out on the pleasure.
people	life	observation	general	0	People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
people	life	observation	general	0	People who claim they don't let little things bother them have never slept in a room with a single mosquito.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	People who fight fire with fire usually end up with ashes.
people	life	quip	general	0	People who have no faults are terrible; there is no way of taking advantage of them.
people	life	quip	general	0	People who have what they want are very fond of telling people who haven't what they want that they don't want it.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	People who make no mistakes do not usually make anything.
people	life	quip	general	0	People who push both buttons should get their wish.
people	life	observation	general	0	People who take cat naps don't usually sleep in a cat's cradle.
people	life	quip	general	0	People who take cold baths never have rheumatism, but they have cold baths.
people	life	insult	general	0	People who think they know everything greatly annoy those of us who do.
people	life	observation	general	0	People will accept your ideas much more readily if you tell them that Benjamin Franklin said it first.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	People will do tomorrow what they did today because that is what they did yesterday.
people	life	quip	general	0	People with narrow minds usually have broad tongues.
people	life	quip	general	0	Perhaps the world's second worst crime is boredom. The first is being a bore.
people	life	quip	general	0	Personifiers of the world, unite! You have nothing to lose but Mr. Dignity!
people	life	quip	general	0	Please don't put a strain on our friendship by asking me to do something for you.
people	life	quip	general	0	Please don't recommend me to your friends-- it's difficult enough to cope with you alone.
people	life	quip	general	0	Please forgive me if, in the heat of battle, I sometimes forget which side I'm on.
people	life	quip	general	0	Practically perfect people never permit sentiment to muddle their thinking.
people	life	quip	general	0	Pretend to spank me -- I'm a pseudo-masochist!
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Put your brain in gear before starting your mouth in motion.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Put your trust in those who are worthy.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Questions are never indiscreet, answers sometimes are.
people	society	quip	general	0	"Quite frankly, I don't like you humans. After what you all have done, I find being 'inhuman' a compliment."
people	life	observation	general	0	Rarely do people communicate; they just take turns talking.
people	family	quip	general	0	Relations are simply a tedious pack of people, who haven't the remotest knowledge of how to live, nor the smallest instinct about when to die.
people	life	observation	general	0	... relaxed in the manner of a man who has no need to put up a front of any kind.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Remember: Silly is a state of Mind, Stupid is a way of Life.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Revenge is a form of nostalgia.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Revenge is a meal best served cold.
people	arts	quip	general	0	Rincewind looked down at him and grinned slowly. It was a wide, manic, and utterly humourless rictus. It was the sort of grin that is normally accompanied by small riverside birds wandering in and out, picking scraps out of the teeth.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Rudeness is a weak man's imitation of strength.
people	faith	quip	general	0	Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proved innocent.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Sanity and insanity overlap a fine grey line.
people	life	quip	general	0	Sanity is the trademark of a weak mind.
people	work-money	aphorism	general	0	Say no, then negotiate.
people	life	quip	general	0	Say something you'll be sorry for, I love receiving apologies.
people	life	quip	general	0	Scenery is here, wish you were beautiful.
people	life	quip	general	0	Schizophrenia beats being alone.
people	life	quip	general	0	Screw up your courage! You've screwed up everything else.
people	life	quip	general	0	"See - the thing is - I'm an absolutist. I mean, kind of ... in a way ..."
people	life	quip	general	0	Sentimentality -- that's what we call the sentiment we don't share.
people	life	quip	general	0	Serenity through viciousness.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight: always to try to be a little kinder than is necessary?
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Shame is an improper emotion invented by pietists to oppress the human race.
people	life	quip	general	0	She often gave herself very good advice (though she very seldom followed it).
people	life	quip	general	0	Short people get rained on last.
people	love	aphorism	general	0	Show your affection, which will probably meet with pleasant response.
people	faith	wisdom	general	0	Sin boldly.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Sin has many tools, but a lie is the handle which fits them all.
people	faith	wisdom	general	0	Sin lies only in hurting other people unnecessarily. All other "sins" are invented nonsense. (Hurting yourself is not sinful -- just stupid).
people	life	quip	general	0	Since we have to speak well of the dead, let's knock them while they're alive.
people	life	quip	general	0	Since we're all here, we must not be all there. -- Bob "Mountain" Beck
people	life	quip	general	0	Sinners can repent, but stupid is forever.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	So far as we are human, what we do must be either evil or good: so far as we do evil or good, we are human: and it is better, in a paradoxical way, to do evil than to do nothing: at least we exist.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	So live that you wouldn't be ashamed to sell the family parrot to the town gossip.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some don't prefer the pursuit of happiness to the happiness of pursuit.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some men are discovered; others are found out.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some men love truth so much that they seem to be in continual fear lest she should catch a cold on overexposure.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Some of the things that live the longest in peoples' memories never really happened.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some people around here wouldn't recognize subtlety if it hit them on the head.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some people cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some people have a way about them that seems to say: "If I have only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk."
people	life	observation	general	0	Some people have parts that are so private they themselves have no knowledge of them.
people	life	quip	general	0	Some people's mouths work faster than their brains. They say things they haven't even thought of yet.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Some rise by sin and some by virtue fall.
people	life	quip	general	0	Someone will try to honk your nose today.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Something unpleasant is coming when men are anxious to tell the truth.
people	life	quip	general	0	Sometimes I get the feeling that I went to a party on Perry Lane in 1962, and the party spilled out of the house, and came down the street, and covered the world.
people	life	quip	general	0	Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
people	life	observation	general	0	Sometimes when you look into his eyes you get the feeling that someone else is driving.
people	life	quip	general	0	Speak softly and carry a +6 two-handed sword.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Speak softly and own a big, mean Doberman.
people	life	dark	general	0	Start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
people	life	quip	general	0	Start the day with a smile. After that you can be your nasty old self again.
people	love	dark	general	0	Stay together, drag each other down.
people	life	quip	general	0	Still looking for the glorious results of my misspent youth. Say, do you have a map to the next joint?
people	life	dark	general	0	Stupidity got us into this mess -- why can't it get us out?
people	life	quip	general	0	Stupidity is its own reward.
people	life	quip	general	0	Style may not be the answer, but at least it's a workable alternative.
people	life	quip	general	0	Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way before it is understood.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Success is a journey, not a destination.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Success is getting what you want; happiness is wanting what you get.
people	life	quip	general	0	Success is in the minds of Fools.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Success is relative: It is what we can make of the mess we have made of things.
people	life	quip	general	0	Succumb to natural tendencies. Be hateful and boring.
people	arts	quip	general	0	Such a fine first dream! But they laughed at me; they said I had made it up.
people	life	dark	general	0	Suicide is simply a case of mistaken identity.
people	life	dark	general	0	Suicide is the sincerest form of self-criticism.
people	life	quip	general	0	Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost.
people	life	quip	general	0	Sure he's sharp as a razor ... he's a two-dimensional pinhead!
people	life	quip	general	0	Surly to bed, surly to rise, makes you about average.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Tact in audacity is knowing how far you can go without going too far.
people	life	quip	general	0	Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Take a lesson from the whale; the only time he gets speared is when he raises to spout.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	Talk is cheap because supply always exceeds demand.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Talking much about oneself can also be a means to conceal oneself.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Tart words make no friends; a spoonful of honey will catch more flies than a gallon of vinegar.
people	life	observation	general	0	Tell a man there are 300 billion stars in the universe and he'll believe you. Tell him a bench has wet paint on it and he'll have to touch to be sure.
people	life	quip	general	0	Tell me what to think!!!
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Telling the truth to people who misunderstand you is generally promoting a falsehood, isn't it?
people	life	insult	general	0	"That boy's about as sharp as a pound of wet liver"
people	life	quip	general	0	That must be wonderful: I don't understand it at all.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	That which is not good for the swarm, neither is it good for the bee.
people	life	observation	general	0	That's always the way when you discover something new; everyone thinks you're crazy.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being but to remind him that he is already degraded.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The angry man always thinks he can do more than he can.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The average nutritional value of promises is roughly zero.
people	life	dark	general	0	The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in the morning feeling just terrible.
people	life	quip	general	0	The best laid plans of mice and men are usually about equal.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	The best portion of a good man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
people	life	quip	general	0	The best thing about growing older is that it takes such a long time.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The best way to get rid of worries is to let them die of neglect.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The best way to keep your friends is not to give them away.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The bigger they are, the harder they hit.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The biggest problem with communication is the illusion that it has occurred.
people	arts	quip	general	0	The bland leadeth the bland and they both shall fall into the kitsch.
people	society	dark	general	0	The brotherhood of man is not a mere poet's dream; it is a most depressing and humiliating reality.
people	life	quip	general	0	The difference between a good haircut and a bad one is seven days.
people	life	dark	general	0	The difference between common-sense and paranoia is that common-sense is thinking everyone is out to get you. That's normal -- they are. Paranoia is thinking that they're conspiring.
people	life	quip	general	0	The difference between genius and stupidity is that genius has its limits.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The discerning person is always at a disadvantage.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The distinction between true and false appears to become increasingly blurred by... the pollution of the language.
people	society	dark	general	0	The end of the human race will be that it will eventually die of civilization.
people	nature	wisdom	general	0	The forest is safe because a lion lives therein and the lion is safe because it lives in a forest. Likewise the friendship of persons rests on mutual help.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The full potentialities of human fury cannot be reached until a friend of both parties tactfully interferes.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The Golden Rule is of no use to you whatever unless you realize it is your move.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	The great merit of society is to make one appreciate solitude.
people	life	quip	general	0	The great secret in life ... [is] not to open your letters for a fortnight. At the expiration of that period you will find that nearly all of them have answered themselves.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The greatest of faults is to be conscious of none.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The greatest remedy for anger is delay.
people	family	quip	general	0	The hardest thing is to disguise your feelings when you put a lot of relatives on the train for home.
people	family	wisdom	general	0	The hatred of relatives is the most violent. -- Tacitus (c.55 - c.117)
people	life	quip	general	0	... the heat come 'round and busted me for smiling on a cloudy day.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The help people need most urgently is help in admitting that they need help.
people	science	observation	general	0	The human mind treats a new idea the way the body treats a strange protein -- it rejects it.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	The human race never solves any of its problems. It merely outlives them.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The idle mind knows not what it is it wants.
people	life	observation	general	0	The kind of danger people most enjoy is the kind they can watch from a safe place.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The knowledge that makes us cherish innocence makes innocence unattainable.
people	love	quip	general	0	The last time I saw him he was walking down Lover's Lane holding his own hand.
people	faith	aphorism	general	0	The Lord prefers common-looking people. That is the reason that He makes so many of them.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The louder he talked of his honour, the faster we counted our spoons.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	The major advances in civilization are processes that all but wreck the societies in which they occur.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	The man who raises a fist has run out of ideas.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances: if there is any reaction, both are transformed.
people	life	observation	general	0	The minute a man is convinced that he is interesting, he isn't.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The mirror sees the man as beautiful, the mirror loves the man; another mirror sees the man as frightful and hates him; and it is always the same being who produces the impressions.
people	nature	quip	general	0	The more I know men the more I like my horse.
people	nature	quip	general	0	The more I see of men the more I admire dogs.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The more we disagree, the more chance there is that at least one of us is right.
people	life	quip	general	0	The most disagreeable thing that your worst enemy says to your face does not approach what your best friends say behind your back.
people	life	quip	general	0	The most hopelessly stupid man is he who is not aware that he is wise.
people	life	quip	general	0	The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The odds are a million to one against your being one in a million.
people	life	observation	general	0	The older a man gets, the farther he had to walk to school as a boy.
people	life	observation	general	0	The older I grow, the more I distrust the familiar doctrine that age brings wisdom.
people	faith	wisdom	general	0	The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past and every sinner has a future.
people	life	quip	general	0	The only really decent thing to do behind a person's back is pat it.
people	love	aphorism	general	0	The only rose without thorns is friendship.
people	life	quip	general	0	The only thing to do with good advice is pass it on. It is never any use to oneself.
people	life	dark	general	0	The only two things that motivate me and that matter to me are revenge and guilt.
people	life	dark	general	0	The only way to amuse some people is to slip and fall on an icy pavement.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it.
people	life	observation	general	0	The opposite of talking isn't listening. The opposite of talking is waiting.
people	life	observation	general	0	The part of the world that people find most puzzling is the part called "Me".
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The people sensible enough to give good advice are usually sensible enough to give none.
people	life	quip	general	0	The point is, you see, that there is no point in driving yourself mad trying to stop yourself going mad. You might just as well give in and save your sanity for later.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	... the privileged being which we call human is distinguished from other animals only by certain double-edged manifestations which in charity we can only call "inhuman."
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The probability of someone watching you is proportional to the stupidity of your action.
people	life	quip	general	0	The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues.
people	life	quip	general	0	The propriety of some persons seems to consist in having improper thoughts about their neighbours.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
people	science	observation	general	0	The right half of the brain controls the left half of the body. This means that only left handed people are in their right mind.
people	life	dark	general	0	"The Schizophrenic: An Unauthorized Autobiography"
people	life	quip	general	0	The second best policy is dishonesty.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The secret of happiness is total disregard of everybody.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The shifts of Fortune test the reliability of friends.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The strong give up and move away, while the weak give up and stay.
people	life	quip	general	0	The sudden sight of me causes panic in the streets. They have yet to learn -- only the savage fears what he does not understand.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently.
people	life	observation	general	0	The things that interest people most are usually none of their business.
people	life	quip	general	0	The three questions of greatest concern are -- 1. Is it attractive? 2. Is it amusing? 3. Does it know its place?
people	life	observation	general	0	The trouble with telling a good story is that it invariably reminds the other fellow of a dull one.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The truth about a man lies first and foremost in what he hides.
people	life	dark	general	0	The very remembrance of my former misfortune proves a new one to me.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	The way of the world is to praise dead saints and prosecute live ones.
people	life	observation	general	0	The way some people find fault, you'd think there was some kind of reward.
people	love	pun	general	0	The way to a man's heart is through the left ventricle.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The wise man seeks everything in himself; the ignorant man tries to get everything from somebody else.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	The wise shepherd never trusts his flock to a smiling wolf.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The wonderful thing about a dancing bear is not how well he dances, but that he dances at all.
people	life	quip	general	0	The world needs more people like us and fewer like them.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The worst cliques are those which consist of one man.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The worst is not so long as we can say "This is the worst."
people	life	observation	general	0	The worst part of having success is trying to find someone who is happy for you.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them, but to be indifferent to them; that's the essence of inhumanity.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The worst thing about some men is that when they are not drunk they are sober.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	The worst thing one can do is not to try, to be aware of what one wants and not give in to it, to spend years in silent hurt wondering if something could have materialized -- and never knowing.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	There are few people more often in the wrong than those who cannot endure to be thought so.
people	life	observation	general	0	There are many people today who literally do not have a close personal friend. They may know something that we don't. They are probably avoiding a great deal of pain.
people	life	observation	general	0	There are more dead people than living, and their numbers are increasing.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	There are no emotional victims, only volunteers.
people	life	quip	general	0	There are no great men, buster. There are only men.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	There are no great men, only great challenges that ordinary men are forced by circumstances to meet.
people	life	quip	general	0	There are only two kinds of men -- the dead and the deadly.
people	life	observation	general	0	There are people so addicted to exaggeration that they can't tell the truth without lying.
people	life	observation	general	0	There are two types of people in this world, good and bad. The good sleep better, but the bad seem to enjoy the waking hours much more.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	There comes a time to stop being angry.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	There is a certain frame of mind to which a cemetery is, if not an antidote, at least an alleviation. If you are in a fit of the blues, go nowhere else.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	There is an innocence in admiration; it is found in those to whom it has not yet occurred that they, too, might be admired some day.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	There is brutality and there is honesty. There is no such thing as brutal honesty.
people	life	dark	general	0	There is no delight the equal of dread. As long as it is somebody else's.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	There is no sadder sight than a young pessimist.
people	life	quip	general	0	There is no statute of limitations on stupidity.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	There is no substitute for good manners, except, perhaps, fast reflexes.
people	life	dark	general	0	There is no such thing as inner peace. There is only nervousness or death. Any attempt to prove otherwise constitutes unacceptable behaviour.
people	life	quip	general	0	There is nothing more silly than a silly laugh.
people	life	quip	general	0	There is nothing stranger in a strange land than the stranger who comes to visit.
people	society	quip	general	0	There is only one word for aid that is genuinely without strings, and that word is blackmail.
people	life	quip	general	0	There may be said to be two classes of people in the world; those who constantly divide the people of the world into two classes and those who do not.
people	life	quip	general	0	There's a fine line between courage and foolishness. Too bad it's not a fence.
people	life	quip	general	0	There's a lot to be said for not saying a lot.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	There's no saint like a reformed sinner.
people	life	dark	general	0	There's no such thing as pure pleasure; some anxiety always goes with it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Therefore it is necessary to learn how not to be good, and to use this knowledge and not use it, according to the necessity of the cause.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	They also serve who only stand and wait.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	They are ill discoverers that think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea.
people	life	quip	general	0	"They told me I was gullible ... and I believed them!"
people	life	quip	general	0	They're only trying to make me LOOK paranoid!
people	life	tv-quote	general	0	"They're unfriendly, which is fortunate, really. They'd be difficult to like."
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Thinking you know something is a sure way to blind yourself.
people	life	quip	general	0	This generation doesn't have emotional baggage. We have emotional moving vans.
people	life	quip	general	0	Those of you who think you know everything are annoying those of us who do.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Those who are mentally and emotionally healthy are those who have learned when to say yes, when to say no and when to say whoopee.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Those who don't know, talk. Those who don't talk, know.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Those who in quarrels interpose, must often wipe a bloody nose.
people	life	quip	general	0	To any truly impartial person, it would be obvious that I am always right.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To be great is to be misunderstood.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To be is to be related.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To be trusted is a greater compliment than to be loved.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To be who one is, is not to be someone else.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To be wise, the only thing you really need to know is when to say "I don't know."
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To believe your own thought, to believe that what is true for you in your private heart is true for all men -- that is genius.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	To criticize the incompetent is easy; it is more difficult to criticize the competent.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To doubt everything or to believe everything are two equally convenient solutions; both dispense with the necessity of reflection.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	To find a friend one must close one eye; to keep him -- two.
people	life	dark	general	0	To keep your friends treat them kindly; to kill them, treat them often.
people	life	quip	general	0	To laugh at men of sense is the privilege of fools.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	To make an enemy, do someone a favor.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To refuse praise is to seek praise twice.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To stay young requires unceasing cultivation of the ability to unlearn old falsehoods.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Too clever is dumb.
people	life	quip	general	0	Troglodytism does not necessarily imply a low cultural level.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Truly great madness can not be achieved without significant intelligence.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Try to be the best of whatever you are, even if what you are is no good.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Try to divide your time evenly to keep others happy.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own teeth.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	Uh-oh -- I've let the cat out of the bag. Let me, then, straightforwardly state the thesis I shall now elaborate: Making variations on a theme is really the crux of creativity.
people	love	wisdom	general	0	Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense. -- e.e. cummings
people	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vila: "I think I have just made the biggest mistake of my life." Orac: "It is unlikely. I would predict there are far greater mistakes waiting to be made by someone with your obvious talent for it."
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Virtue does not always demand a heavy sacrifice -- only the willingness to make it when necessary.
people	life	quip	general	0	Virtue is its own punishment.
people	faith	aphorism	general	0	Virtue is not left to stand alone. He who practices it will have neighbors.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Virtue would go far if vanity did not keep it company.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Visits always give pleasure: if not on arrival, then on the departure.
people	life	dark	general	0	Waking a person unnecessarily should not be considered a capital crime. For a first offense, that is.
people	life	quip	general	0	Walk softly and carry a BFG-9000.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Walk softly and carry a big stick.
people	life	quip	general	0	Walk softly and carry a megawatt laser.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We all dream of being the darling of everybody's darling.
people	arts	quip	general	0	We all know that no one understands anything that isn't funny.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We all live under the same sky, but we don't all have the same horizon.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We are all born mad. Some remain so.
people	life	dark	general	0	We are all dying -- and we're gonna be dead for a long time.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We are all so much together and yet we are all dying of loneliness.
people	life	dark	general	0	We are anthill men upon an anthill world.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We ARE as gods and might as well get good at it.
people	life	uplifting	general	0	We are each only one drop in a great ocean -- but some of the drops sparkle!
people	love	wisdom	general	0	We are not loved by our friends for what we are; rather, we are loved in spite of what we are.
people	life	observation	general	0	We are so fond of each other because our ailments are the same.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	We give advice, but we cannot give the wisdom to profit by it.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	We have more to fear from the bungling of the incompetent than from the machinations of the wicked.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We lie loudest when we lie to ourselves.
people	life	quip	general	0	We may not return the affection of those who like us, but we always respect their good judgement.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	We only acknowledge small faults in order to make it appear that we are free from great ones.
people	arts	wisdom	general	0	We prefer to believe that the absence of inverted commas guarantees the originality of a thought, whereas it may be merely that the utterer has forgotten its source.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We prefer to speak evil of ourselves rather than not speak of ourselves at all.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	We promise according to our hopes, and perform according to our fears.
people	life	observation	general	0	We read to say that we have read.
people	society	dark	general	0	We really don't have any enemies. It's just that some of our best friends are trying to kill us.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	We secure our friends not by accepting favors but by doing them.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	We seldom repent talking too little, but very often talking too much.
people	life	quip	general	0	Well, I'm disenchanted too. We're all disenchanted.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Were it not for the presence of the unwashed and the half-educated, the formless, queer and incomplete, the unreasonable and absurd, the infinite shapes of the delightful human tadpole, the horizon would not wear so wide a grin.
people	life	quip	general	0	What good is it if you talk in flowers, and they think in pastry?
people	society	wisdom	general	0	What is tolerance? -- it is the consequence of humanity. We are all formed of frailty and error; let us pardon reciprocally each other's folly -- that is the first law of nature.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	What makes us so bitter against people who outwit us is that they think themselves cleverer than we are.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	What on earth would a man do with himself if something did not stand in his way?
people	love	wisdom	general	0	What upsets me is not that you lied to me, but that from now on I can no longer believe you.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	What we see depends on mainly what we look for.
people	society	quip	general	0	What's the matter with the world? Why, there ain't but one thing wrong with every one of us -- and that's "selfishness."
people	society	quip	general	0	What's this stuff about people being "released on their own recognizance"? Aren't we all out on our own recognizance?
people	faith	quip	general	0	What, after all, is a halo? It's only one more thing to keep clean.
people	life	quip	general	0	Whatever you may be sure of, be sure of this: that you are dreadfully like other people.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Whatever you want to do, you have to do something else first.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	When a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight, it concentrates his mind wonderfully.
people	society	observation	general	0	When a man you like switches from what he said a year ago, or four years ago, he is a broad-minded man who has courage enough to change his mind with changing conditions. When a man you don't like does it, he is a liar who has broken his promises.
people	life	quip	general	0	When all other means of communication fail, try words.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	When among apes, one must play the ape.
people	faith	quip	general	0	When God endowed human beings with brains, He did not intend to guarantee them.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	When in doubt, do it. It's much easier to apologize than to get permission.
people	life	quip	general	0	When it comes to helping you, some people stop at nothing.
people	life	observation	general	0	When people say nothing, they don't necessarily mean nothing.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	When there are two conflicting versions of the story, the wise course is to believe the one in which people appear at their worst.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	When you dig another out of trouble, you've got a place to bury your own.
people	life	dark	general	0	When you jump for joy, beware that no-one moves the ground from beneath your feet.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	When you speak to others for their own good it's advice; when they speak to you for your own good it's interference.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	When you try to make an impression, the chances are that is the impression you will make.
people	life	quip	general	0	WHENEVER ANYBODY SAYS he's struggling to become a human being I have to laugh because the apes beat him to it by about a million years. Struggle to become a parrot or something.
people	health-body	quip	general	0	Whenever I feel like exercise, I lie down until the feeling passes.
people	life	quip	general	0	Whenever people agree with me I always feel I must be wrong.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Whenever someone tells you to take their advice, you can be pretty sure that they're not using it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	... whether it is better to spend a life not knowing what you want or to spend a life knowing exactly what you want and that you will never have it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	While anyone can admit to themselves they were wrong, the true test is admission to someone else.
people	life	dark	general	0	While having never invented a sin, I'm trying to perfect several.
people	life	observation	general	0	While most peoples' opinions change, the conviction of their correctness never does.
people	society	dark	general	0	While we are sleeping, two-thirds of the world is plotting to do us in.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	While you don't greatly need the outside world, it's still very reassuring to know that it's still there.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	While your friend holds you affectionately by both your hands you are safe, for you can watch both of his.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	Whoever fights monsters should see to it that in the process he does not become a monster. And when you look into an abyss, the abyss also looks into you.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Whoever would lie usefully should lie seldom.
people	life	quip	general	0	Why be difficult when, with a bit of effort, you could be impossible?
people	life	quip	general	0	Why did the Lord give us so much quickness of movement unless it was to avoid responsibility with?
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Why my thoughts are my own, when they are in, but when they are out they are another's.
people	life	quip	general	0	Why was I born with such contemporaries?
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Why, every one as they like; as the good woman said when she kissed her cow.
people	faith	quip	general	0	Will your long-winded speeches never end? What ails you that you keep on arguing? -- Job 16:3
people	life	observation	general	0	Winter is the season in which people try to keep the house as warm as it was in the summer, when they complained about the heat.
people	life	quip	general	0	With a gentleman I try to be a gentleman and a half, and with a fraud I try to be a fraud and a half.
people	love	aphorism	general	0	With clothes the new are best, with friends the old are best.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Words must be weighed, not counted.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Worrying is like rocking in a rocking chair -- It gives you something to do, but it doesn't get you anywhere.
people	arts	aphorism	general	0	Write a wise saying and your name will live forever.
people	life	quip	general	0	Ye've also got to remember that ... respectable people do the most astonishin' things to preserve their respectability. Thank God I'm not respectable.
people	life	quip	general	0	Yes, but every time I try to see things your way, I get a headache.
people	life	quip	general	0	Yield to Temptation ... it may not pass your way again.
people	life	quip	general	0	You ain't learning nothing when you're talking.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You are a wish to be here wishing yourself.
people	life	quip	general	0	You are absolute plate-glass. I see to the very back of your mind.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You are not a fool just because you have done something foolish -- only if the folly of it escapes you.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You can always tell luck from ability by its duration.
people	life	quip	general	0	You can always tell the people that are forging the new frontier. They're the ones with arrows sticking out of their backs.
people	life	quip	general	0	You can bear anything if it isn't your own fault.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You can destroy your now by worrying about tomorrow.
people	work-money	pun	general	0	You can't carve your way to success without cutting remarks.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You can't cheat an honest man. Never give a sucker an even break or smarten up a chump.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You can't cross a large chasm in two small jumps.
people	life	quip	general	0	You can't erase a dream, you can only wake me up.
people	life	quip	general	0	You can't have your cake and let your neighbor eat it too.
people	society	wisdom	general	0	You can't hold a man down without staying down with him.
people	life	dark	general	0	You can't learn too soon that the most useful thing about a principle is that it can always be sacrificed to expediency.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You can't play your friends like marks, kid.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You can't start worrying about what's going to happen. You get spastic enough worrying about what's happening now.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	"You can't teach people to be lazy - either they have it, or they don't."
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You cannot achieve the impossible without attempting the absurd.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You cannot kill time without injuring eternity.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You cannot propel yourself forward by patting yourself on the back.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You cannot use your friends and have them too.
people	life	quip	general	0	You could get a new lease on life -- if only you didn't need the first and last month in advance.
people	life	quip	general	0	You don't have to be nice to people on the way up if you're not planning on coming back down.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You don't have to explain something you never said.
people	love	uplifting	general	0	You give me space to belong to myself yet without separating me from your own life. May it all turn out to your happiness.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You got to be very careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there.
people	society	aphorism	general	0	You have not converted a man because you have silenced him.
people	life	quip	general	0	You humans are all alike.
people	faith	quip	general	0	You just wait, I'll sin till I blow up!
people	society	aphorism	general	0	You know how to win a victory, Hannibal, but not how to use it.
people	life	quip	general	0	You know it's going to be a bad day when you want to put on the clothes you wore home from the party and there aren't any.
people	life	observation	general	0	You know it's going to be a long day when you get up, shave and shower, start to get dressed and your shoes are still warm.
people	life	joke	general	0	You know it's Monday when you wake up and it's Tuesday.
people	life	quip	general	0	You know what they say -- the sweetest word in the English language is revenge.
people	life	quip	general	0	You know you are getting old when you think you should drive the speed limit.
people	life	observation	general	0	You know your apartment is small... when you can't know its position and velocity at the same time. you put your key in the lock and it breaks the window. you have to go outside to change your mind. you can vacuum the entire place using a single electrical outlet.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You may be sure that when a man begins to call himself a "realist," he is preparing to do something he is secretly ashamed of doing.
people	life	quip	general	0	You may easily play a joke on a man who likes to argue -- agree with him.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You must know that a man can have only one invulnerable loyalty, loyalty to his own concept of the obligations of manhood. All other loyalties are merely deputies of that one.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You never gain something but that you lose something.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You never get a second chance to make a first impression.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You never go anywhere without your soul.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You never know what is enough until you know what is more than enough.
people	life	quip	general	0	You never learn anything by doing it right.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You probably wouldn't worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You see things; and you say "Why?" But I dream things that never were; and I say "Why not?"
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You shall judge of a man by his foes as well as by his friends.
people	life	quip	general	0	You should avoid hedging, at least that's what I think.
people	life	quip	general	0	You should make a point of trying every experience once -- except incest and folk-dancing.
people	life	quip	general	0	You shouldn't wallow in self-pity. But it's OK to put your feet in it and swish them around a little.
people	work-money	observation	general	0	You want to know why I kept getting promoted? Because my mouth knows more than my brain.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You won't skid if you stay in a rut.
people	life	quip	general	0	You'd best be snoozin', 'cause you don't be gettin' no work done at 5 a.m. anyway. -- From the wall of the Wurster Hall stairwell
people	life	quip	general	0	You'd better smile when they watch you, smile like you're in control.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	You're always thinking you're gonna be the one that makes 'em act different.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	You're either part of the solution or part of the problem.
people	life	quip	general	0	You're never too old to become younger.
people	life	insult	general	0	You've always made the mistake of being yourself.
people	life	quip	general	0	You've been telling me to relax all the way here, and now you're telling me just to be myself?
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Young men think old men are fools; but old men know young men are fools.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Young men, hear an old man to whom old men hearkened when he was young.
people	life	quip	general	0	Your conscience never stops you from doing anything. It just stops you from enjoying it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Youth -- not a time of life but a state of mind... a predominance of courage over timidity, of the appetite for adventure over the love of ease.
people	life	aphorism	general	0	Youth is a blunder, manhood a struggle, old age a regret.
people	life	quip	general	0	Youth is a disease from which we all recover.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	If you bring forth what is within you, what you bring forth will save you. If you do not bring forth what is within you, what you do not bring forth will destroy you.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I am myself plus my circumstance, and if I do not save it, I cannot save myself.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	If a man slept by day, he had little time to work. That was a satisfying notion to Escargot. -- "The Stone Giant", James P. Blaylock
people	life	observation	general	0	He liked fishing a little too much, and he believed that work was something a man did when he had to. He had always been able to get along well enough without it, especially for the last couple of years. -- "The Stone Giant", James P. Blaylock
people	society	quip	general	0	Would a giant, profit-oriented cartel lie to you?
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Some days you wake and immediately start worrying. Nothing in particular is wrong, it's just the suspicion that forces are aligning quietly and there will be trouble. -- "Survival Series", Jenny Holzer
people	faith	quip	general	0	I am examining you on your fool ideas that no intelligent Christian on earth believes.
people	food	quip	general	0	"Go on, girl! You'll never get a better chance to buy Jif at this price. *Carpe diem*, babe!" -- "The Naked Consumer", Erik Larson
people	life	quip	general	0	I'm enthralled by combine harvesters. In fact, I yearn to have one -- as a pet. -- "The Day of the Jackal"
people	life	quip	general	0	The horizon of many people is a circle with a radius of zero. They call this their point of view.
people	life	quip	general	0	The optimist thinks this is the best of all possible worlds. The pessimist is afraid this might be true. -- crazyphilman's sig on kuro5hin
people	arts	quip	general	0	It's rare that you see an artist in his 30s or 40s able to really contribute something amazing.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	Do you want to spend the rest of your life selling sugared water or do you want a chance to change the world?
people	life	quip	general	0	It's more fun to be a pirate than to join the navy.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Being the richest man in the cemetery doesn't matter to me ... Going to bed at night saying we've done something wonderful... that's what matters to me.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	I have looked in the mirror every morning and asked myself: "If today were the last day of my life, would I want to do what I am about to do today?" And whenever the answer has been "No" for too many days in a row, I know I need to change something.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	Remembering that I'll be dead soon is the most important tool I've ever encountered to help me make the big choices in life.
people	work-money	quip	general	0	I'm the only person I know that's lost a quarter of a billion dollars in one year.... It's very character-building
people	life	dark	general	0	It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life. Terry Pratchett (1948-2015)
people	faith	quip	general	0	I commend my soul to any God that can find it.
people	life	wisdom	general	0	So much universe, and so little time.
