RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	"Is," "is." "is" - the idiocy of the word haunts me. If it were abolished, human thought might begin to make sense. I don't know what anything "is"; I only know how it seems to me at this moment. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	"Mind" is a tool invented by the universe to see itself; but it can never see all of itself, for much the same reason that you can't see your own back (without mirrors). ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	wisdom	general	0	A monopoly on the means of communication may define a ruling elite more precisely than the celebrated Marxian formula of monopoly in the means of production. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	A true initiation never ends. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	All phenomena are real in some sense, unreal in some sense, meaningless in some sense, real and meaningless in some sense, unreal and meaningless in some sense, and real and unreal and meaningless in some sense. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	quip	general	0	An Enlightened Master is ideal only if your goal is to become a Benighted Slave. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	nature	observation	general	0	Animals outline their territories with their excretions, humans outline their territories by ink excretions on paper. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	faith	quip	general	0	Belief is the death of intelligence. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	Beyond a certain point, the whole universe becomes a continuous process of initiation. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	Certitude belongs exclusively to those who only own one encyclopedia. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	Consciousness itself is an infinite regress. This explains coincidences. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	quip	general	0	Conspiracy is just another name for coalition. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	aphorism	general	0	Cynics regarded everybody as equally corrupt... Idealists regarded everybody as equally corrupt, except themselves. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	quip	general	0	Each mans spills the drink he loves. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	Ego is a social fiction for which one person at a time gets all the blame. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	dark	general	0	Every war results from the struggle for markets and spheres of influence, and every war is sold to the public by professional liars and totally sincere religious maniacs, as a Holy Crusade to save God and Goodness from Satan and Evil. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	observation	general	0	Everybody who has ever worked for a corporation knows that corporations conspire all the time. Politicians conspire all the time, pot-dealers conspire not to get caught by the narcs, the world is full of conspiracies. Conspiracy is natural primate behavior. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	Everyone has a belief system, B.S., the trick is to learn not to take anyone's B.S. too seriously, especially your own. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	quip	general	0	Everyone look around and see if you can spot the NARCS. They're the ones who look like hippies. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	science	wisdom	general	0	Existence is larger than any model that is not itself the exact size of existence (which has no size...) ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	wisdom	general	0	Groups are grammatical fictions; only individuals exist, and each individual is different. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	aphorism	general	0	History, sociology, economics, psychology et al. confirmed Joyce's view of Everyman as victim. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	quip	general	0	Horror is the natural reaction to the last 5,000 years of history. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	Humans live through their myths and only endure their realities. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	quip	general	0	I don't believe anything, but I have many suspicions. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	I have never experienced another human being. I have experienced my impressions of them. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	I look forward without dogmatic optimism but without dread. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	faith	quip	nsfw	1	I used to be an atheist, until I realized I had nothing to shout during blowjobs. "Oh Random Chance! Oh Random Chance!" just doesn't cut it.... ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	wisdom	general	0	I'm not an anarchist any longer, because I've concluded that anarchism is an impractical ideal. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	If one can only see things according to one's own belief system, one is destined to become virtually deaf, dumb, and blind. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	quip	general	0	It only takes 20 years for a liberal to become a conservative without changing a single idea. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	It's only possible to see people when one is able to see the world as others see it. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	science	quip	general	0	Most of our ancestors were not perfect ladies and gentlemen. The majority of them weren't even mammals. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	Most people live in a myth and grow violently angry if anyone dares to tell them the truth about themselves. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	My goal is to try to get people into a state of generalized agnosticism, not about God alone, but agnosticism about everything. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	Nobody sees the obvious, nobody observes the ordinary. There are more miracles in a square yard of earth than in all the fables of the Church. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	Nothing of any importance can be taught. It can only be learned, and with blood and sweat. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	ONLY THE MADMAN IS ABSOLUTELY SURE. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	quip	general	0	Of course I'm crazy, but that doesn't mean I'm wrong. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	quip	general	0	On a planet that increasingly resembles one huge Maximum Security prison, the only intelligent choice is to plan a jail break. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	Once something becomes discernible, or understandable, we no longer need to repeat it. We can destroy it. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	quip	general	0	Philadelphia merely seems dull because it's next to exciting Camden, New Jersey. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	Pregnancy is a kind of miracle. Especially so in that it proves that a man and woman can conspire to force God to create a new soul. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	science	wisdom	general	0	Size is not a reality, but a construct of the mind; and space a construct to contain constructs. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	quip	general	0	The Constitution admittedly has a few defects and blemishes, but it still seems a hell of a lot better than the system we have now. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	faith	quip	general	0	The Grail is the womb of the beloved. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	quip	general	0	The Right's view of government and the Left's view of big business are both correct. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	The abandoned infant's cry is rage, not fear. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	The average is that which no person quite ever is. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	arts	wisdom	general	0	The basic technique of all my books. Ontology is the study of being; the guerrilla approach is to so mix the elements of each book that the reader must decide on each page 'How much of this is real and how much is a put-on?'" ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	The border between the Real and the Unreal is not fixed, but just marks the last place where rival gangs of shamans fought each other to a standstill. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	wisdom	general	0	The current rampages of territorial-emotional pugnacity sweeping this planet are not just another civilization failing ... They are the birth-pangs of a cosmic Prometheus rising out of the long nightmare of domesticated primate history. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	faith	quip	general	0	The function of Theology? The recitation of the incomprehensible by the unspeakable to pick the pockets of the unthinking. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	wisdom	general	0	The individual act of obedience is the cornerstone not only of the strength of authoritarian society but also of its weakness. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	nature	wisdom	general	0	The longer one is alone, the easier it is to hear the song of the earth. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	The path up is the path down. The way forward is the way back. The universe inside is outside but the universe outside is inside. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	The totally convinced and the totally stupid have too much in common for the resemblance to be accidental. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	The web of life is a beautiful and meaningless dance. The web of life is a process with a moving goal. The web of life is a perfectly finished work of art right where I am sitting now. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	quip	general	0	The worst that can happen under monarchy is rule by a single imbecile, but democracy often means the rule by an assembly of three or four hundred imbeciles. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	faith	dark	general	0	There are gods, but there is no God; and all gods become devils eventually. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	wisdom	general	0	There are periods of history when the visions of madmen and dope fiends are a better guide to reality than the common-sense interpretation of data available to the so-called normal mind. This is one such period, if you haven't noticed already. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	There is absolutely nothing that can be taken for granted in this world. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	There is no complete theory of anything. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	There is one universal sex law: Sex shall not be unregulated. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	aphorism	general	0	We live in our fantasies and endure our realities. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	faith	wisdom	general	0	When the rose and the cross are united the alchemical marriage is complete and the drama ends. Then we wake from history and enter eternity. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	wisdom	general	0	You are precisely as big as what you love and precisely as small as what you allow to annoy you. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	life	quip	general	0	You know, I have found a new way to get high and stay spaced out for hours on end, and the government can't stop me... It's called senility. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	society	observation	general	0	You simply cannot invent any conspiracy theory so ridiculous and obviously satirical that some people somewhere don't already believe it. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
