showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	" I never sucked his dick" can have 5 different meanings, depending on which word you stress
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"#1 Dad/Mom" presents would be a really bad idea if you had gay parents.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"14 years old and still beautiful as ever" is an acceptable title on /r/aww, but not on /r/gonewild.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"?!" makes a sound in my head, but I can't describe what it is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"A mile a minute" sounds way faster than "60 miles an hour"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Act naturally" is an oxymoron.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Aliens don't exist" will be the "The world is flat" of the future.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Angry Birds" and "Grand Theft Auto" are both about destroying things while flipping the bird at pigs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Apart" is one word, but implies separated. "A part" is two words, but implies together.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Are you as bored as I am?" Can be said backwards and still make sense.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Arms" is another word for guns, and "guns" is another word for arms.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"As a 62 year old seventh grade teacher, this year, I will not be teaching a student born in the same century as me. "
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Be Like Bill" meme was about not being annoyed by things online. The "Be Like Bill" meme maker is making the rounds now and it's making people be really annoying online.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"Be back in ____ minutes" signs are pretty damn useless unless you tell us when you leave
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Be there or be square!", because you're not a-round.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Better late than never!" is an amazing anti-speeding slogan
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Blue-Eyes White Dragon" sounds like a Nazi mascot
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Boneless Wings" are just chicken nuggets that are marketed towards adults.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Breakfast" in Spanish is "Desayuno." Ayuno means "fast." Desayuno means you undo your fast. Breakfast. Break the fast. Breakfast. I haven't had waffles in like five years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Buy the textbook I wrote" is the university lecturer version of "Buy my mixtape, it's fire"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"CTRL+Z" would be a good brand name for morning after pills.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Can I have your wifi password?" is the modern "Can I use your home phone?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Can I speak to your manager?" is the adult equivalent of "I'm telling!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Chewing" and "eating" are very similar things, but "getting chewed out" and "getting eaten out" are very different.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	"Child porn" is the only phrase in the English language that I'd be genuinely afraid to type into Google.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Commercial free," but we're gonna tell you after every song.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Condoms Are For Pussies" would be a great condom brand slogan.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Condoms Are For Pussies" would be a great pro-condom slogan.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Condoms are for pussies" is a great slogan for a condom company.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	"Crunchyroll" (the anime streaming service) should come out with a hentai service called "Spicyroll".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"DO NOT TOUCH" would probably be a really unsettling thing to read in braille.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Do it like they do on the Discovery channel" now means people should gather at abandoned storage units and bid on them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Do not insert Q-tip into ear canal," may be the all-time most ignored product warning in history.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	"Dog food lid" backwards is "Dildo of God"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Don't kid yourself" should be a slogan for birth control pills
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Don't kid yourself" would be a great slogan for an abortion clinic.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Don't kid yourself" would be an appropriate slogan to promote safe sex
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Don't take the 'Christ' out of Christmas"... Roman pagans were probably saying something equivalent when Christians hijacked their Saturnalia festival &amp; rebranded it as the birth of their savior.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Dream job" is an oxymoron. My dream is to not need a job.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Dress for the job you want, not for the job you have" is terrible advice if you want to be a police officer. Or a stripper.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Drunk me" is like a separate person who did me some favors in high school and now tries to mess with my life any chance he gets
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"Dumpling" sounds like what you would call a tiny shit
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"Eh, fuck it" is the grown up version of "Hakuna matata."
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"Elevator music" is such a widely recognized and referenced term, but yet everytime I am on an elevator there is no damn elevator music
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Emoticons" sound like a group of sensitive Transformers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Emoticons" sounds like a group of sensitive transformers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Every single person that boarded the Titanic died" is a factually correct statement today.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Fifty shades of grey" is considered a romantic story only because the guy is a billionare. If he was living in a trailer or in a shack somewhere in the woods it would be an episode of "Criminal minds".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Firefly" uses an opposite pair of words than "waterfall"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Firefly," is the opposite of "waterfall."
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	"Food porn" is an appropriate name. Like regular porn, it looks great, but you can't tell how it tastes or smells.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"For national security reasons" is the government version of "because I said so".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Free WiFi" is the new "Color TV" for Motels.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"Fuck the Police" would be the perfect name for a cop dating site
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"Fuck" is great because only people who I'd want to offend would be offended by it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Get a Load of this Guy" would be a great name for a sperm bank
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Glue sticks" is a name for a construction utensil but also just a fact.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Go to bed, you'll feel better in the morning" is the human version of "Did you turn it off and turn it back on again?"
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"God works in mysterious ways" is basically religion's "Shit happens".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Good Will Hunting" could also be a name for a reality TV show about looking for thrift store bargains.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Google Drive" will mean a completely different thing in a few years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Google" is probably one of the most searched terms on Bing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Grandbrother" sounds much cooler than uncle.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Great minds discuss ideas, average minds discuss events, small minds discuss people" is a quote that discusses people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Hair" refers to a whole head of hair, while "hairs" refer to just a few individual hairs. "Hairs" is a plural that actually means LESS than its singular form!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Half a dozen" is a very inefficient way of saying "Six"
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	"Having a stroke" sounds like a British euphemism for masturbation
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"He died doing what he loved" would be a horrible thing to say at a drug addicts funeral.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Hey man!" is a greeting. "Hey woman!" is likely the beginning of an argument.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"Hot as fuck" and "Cold as fuck" are the same temperature.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"How It's Made," always showing the assembly line machines, should do a show on how the assembly line machines are made.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I before E except after C" is disproved by science.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I can't check the time because my watch is doing a software update" is probably the most ridiculous thing I've said this week
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I cannot bear children" can explain childlessness in two completely different ways.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"I didn't suck his dick" means 5 different things depending on which word you emphasise
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I feel stupid and contagious" from Smells Like Teen Spirit by Nirvana would be a great slogan against the anti-vaccine movement.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I fell on the ground" is really a mild way of saying "I collided with a planet"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I for one, like Roman Numerals" is a sentence that describes Roman Numerals and tells you how I feel about them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I forgot to plug my car in" will eventually be the most common excuse for being late for work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I make $30,000 a year" sounds totally different than "I will sell you an hour of my life for $14".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I should go, I have to work in the morning." Is the adult version of "It's my bedtime."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I sold an hour of my life for $13" doesn't sound nearly as good as "I make $13/hour."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I tagged your sister on a post" would sound pretty offense 20 years ago.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	"I think we got off on the wrong foot" is a regret a foot fetishist might have
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I try to stay humble" is the humble way of saying "I'm very humble"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I wish my net worth goes down by $0.01" is the only guaranteed wish from a fountain.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I work for one of the richest companies in the world" sounds a lot better than "I work at Walmart"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I'd better save first" is often the gamer's version of "hold my beer".
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"I'm brutally honest" and "I have no filter" are polite ways of saying "I'm an asshole".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I'm calling my lawyer" is the adult equivalent of "I'm telling my mom"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I'm up for that" and "I'm down for that" mean the exact same thing.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	"I've never watched any of your movies all the way to the end" is an insult when you say it to a normal actor, but a complement when you say it to a porn actor.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"IT Guy" is the most vague, but common, job title that people accept universally at face value.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"If its not an iPhone, it's not an iPhone." is a great slogan for Android too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"If these walls could talk," they would say nothing of interest unless they could also see and/or hear.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"If you are a pessimist, you are never going to be disappointed" is a very optimistic attitude to being a pessimist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"If you resolve to give up bacon, you don't actually live longer; it just seems longer."
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"Immaculate conception" means "holy fuck."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"In case of contact with eyes" warning labels will probably be hardest to read when I most need them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Is anyone downloading something?" is just the 21rst century version of "Is someone using hot water?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"It isn't" and "It's not" are the same three words, just contractionalized differently.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"It's Raining Men," and "Let the Bodies Hit the Floor," are about the same event, but wildly different perspectives.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"It's not a pyramid scheme" is a phrase almost exclusively used by people involved in pyramid schemes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Keep your head up" would be a great slogan for a Viagra add.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Know what would look good on you? Nothing." Is both an insult and a compliment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Ladies first" was probably invented by a dude who enjoyed admiring women from behind
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Last man standing" refers to the ultimate winner in most contests but the runner-up in musical chairs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Lefty loosey, Righty tightly" is probably the most useful thing anyone's ever said to me
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Let me speak to your manager" is the adult version of "I'm telling mum"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Lisp", "Stutter", and "Dyslexic" are all words that people with those impediments would struggle with
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Literally" has become the new "totally" among the new generations
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Lollygagging" sounds like someone deep throating a lollipop.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Mac" is an acronym for "Mac and cheese"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Magic Johnson" is the perfect name for someone who has had HIV for almost a quarter-century yet appears to be completely healthy
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	"Making Ends Meet" would be a fantastic slogan for a double ended dildo company.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"McDonald's has the best mayonaise" is the single fattest thought I've ever had.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Men are afraid of strong women" is basically "Girls don't date nice guys" for women.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Millennials" is the new way of saying "kids these days"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Mommy watch this" is my 5 year-old's version of my "Hold my beer".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"My broom is collecting dust" is a perfectly ambiguous statement.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"My children aren't vaccinated," is a thing the world's most and least privileged people both say.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"My entire life has led up to this moment" is always true.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"My parents are gay," is now a good response to Mormons at your door.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"My two cents" has been in use since the twenties but has never been adjusted for inflation; opinions are becoming increasingly worthless.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"My wife thinks I'm hot" is the adult equivalent of "My Mom thinks I'm cool."
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	"NSFW" has more syllables than "Not Safe For Work"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Nailing" something is considered good, but when you "screw it up", it's a bad thing, even though screws are better at their job than nails are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Neil Armstrong" backwards is "Gnorts, Mr. Alien"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Netflix and Chill" used to actually work before everybody gave it a name
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Netflix and _____" would make a great black card for Cards Against Humanity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Netflix and chill" has to be one of the largest unintentional ad campaigns in history
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Netflix and chill" is now as annoying as "Keep calm and carry on"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Never odd or even" is "Never odd or even" read backwards.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Nice guys finish last" is actually pretty sound sexual advice
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Nice guys finish last" might actually be about sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Nineteen letters long" is 19 letters long
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"No Man's Land" is a great name for a lesbian bar
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"No Means No" would be a great title for a beginners Spanish textbook.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"No means no" should also apply when I ask her if anything is wrong.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"Now Under New Management" just means "Please come back, the assholes are gone."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"On your mark, Get set, Go!" Counts down in syllables 3, 2, 1.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"One man's junk is another man's treasure" needs to be put on a nice big sign at a pride parade.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"One man's junk is another man's treasure" would be a great slogan for a gay dating site
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	"One man's junk is another man's treasure" would make a good slogan for a gay porn site.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"One man's trash is another man's treasure" would be a terrible way to let your child know that they're adopted.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"One mans junk is another mans treasure" would make a good slogan for a gay pride parade.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Only" is "one" in adverb ("-ly") form
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Original" means either, "unlike anyone has ever done before", or "exactly how everyone used to do it".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Pay to win" gaming isn't new. In the 80s it was called "Insert coin(s) to continue"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Phone" is one of the least used apps on my mobile phone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Pics or it didn't happen" is the criminal defense for US Police Officers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Pilot" is actually a fitting name for the first episode of LOST
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Please try again in a few minutes." Okay, 2 seconds it is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Practice" seems like a terrible name for a health or legal establishment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Prostitution is the only job you can charge more for having no prior experience in the work"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Puffington Host" would be a great name for a marijuana-centered newspaper
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Queue" is just "Q" followed by 4 silent letters.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Quit your job and follow your dreams" only works because 99% of people won't do it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Remind me to ________" is just another way of saying, "If I forget, it's your fault too".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Right, left" answers to the question "Left, right?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Righty tighty lefty loosey" also applies to Democrats and Republicans
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Roast Beef" and "Ice Cream" are both names of food items, but are also the cooking instructions for those food items.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Ryan Reynolds" sounds like a Stan Lee character
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Sat" is the past tense of "Sit" which means "Fat" should be the past tense of "Fit"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Scalping" tickets at Redskins games is especially offensive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"See you next year" must be the most over used dad-joke every December.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Sh*ts and giggles" is kind of cute, but "Sharts and gargles" is an entirely different mental image.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"Shit" is the only word that becomes its own antonym when it follows the word "the."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Shoulder blade" is a pretty badass name for a bone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Single and ready to mingle" is really just "Alone and desperate to bone"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Slang" is the slang term for Colloquial.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	"Slut" is an anagram of "lust"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Smelly" means something smells bad, but "tasty" means something tastes good
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"So who's driving?" is going to be such an overused joke when self-driving cars become more widespread.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Solo" cups are ironically associated with mass social gatherings and parties
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Spandex" is a reversal of the syllable sounds in "expand"...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Squawks" said backwards still sounds the same even though it's not a palindrome
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Star Wars" is a very uncreative name.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Stop agreeing with me!" creates an instant paradox.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Strap-on" spelled backwards is "no parts".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Subaru" spelled backwards is "u r a bus".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Survived a shark attack" sounds a lot cooler than "Almost killed by a fish".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Sweater" is kind of a gross name for a piece of clothing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Taking candy from a baby" would actually be a responsible thing to do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Textbook" is a pretty meaningless way to differentiate a type of book.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"The Bachelor" is a show about a man dating multiple women at once that is primarily watched by women who hate men who date multiple women at once.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"The Leaning Tower of Pisa" is an anagram for "I spot one giant flaw here"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"The Netherlands" sounds more like the name of a fictional fantasy-novel country than a real place.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"The Wolverine" is Canadian and his super power is free healthcare
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"The pen is mightier than the sword" was written by a pen making it biased.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"The server just went down on me" has very different meaning in an IT office than it does in a restaurant
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"The sky is the limit" would be terrible advice for astronauts
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"They don't sell replacement batteries for that toy" is probably the funniest lie my parents told me when I was a kid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"To whom it may concern" would be a good way to start an agnostic's prayer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Toxins" are just the modern day equivalent to evil spirits; mysterious entities in your body which require esoteric substances and rituals to expel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"True love's kiss" is Disney for "and then they boned."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Two Bananas" would be an excellent band name for a duo of tuba-playing grandmothers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Unbelievable actor" is more of an insult than a compliment
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"United States of America" is an anagram for "I use fears to dictate man."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Uranus is full of methane" is correct in both contexts.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"WTF" has more syllables than just saying "what the fuck"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Walt Disney's Frozen" is both a movie and a fact.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	"We're trying for a baby" is the only socially acceptable way of saying you're dropping as much semen into your significant other as humanly possible.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"Well, I never!" is just Grandma's version of "What the fuck?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Well, I never" is the posh, old-timey version of "I can't even"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"What doesn't kill you makes you smaller"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Where are you" is probably the least used phrase in sign language.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Where are you?" has probably never been asked in sign language
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Whoa" expresses awe, and "aww" can express woe
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Why can't poor people just get a better job?" is today's equivalent of "Let them eat cake".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Will Will Smith smith?" and "Will Smith will smith." are complete proper sentences
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Would you rather crash on a friend's couch or the freeway?" would be a good campaign slogan against drinking and driving.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"Www" is 9 syllables long, whereas "World wide web" is three syllables long.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"You can say that again!" and "You don't have to tell me twice!" are opposites but mean the same thing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"You saved my life" should actually be said as "You postponed my death"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"You'll need an account to do that" generally actually means "An account is absolutely unnecessary to do that, but we're locking you out of it until you give us your personal information"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"You're on your own" must sound exotic to people who don't speak English. "Yuron Yurōn? Is that the name of your holy city?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"d" is just "a" with a boner.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"iPod!" Is exactly the same upsidedown
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"passed" rotated 180 degrees is still "passed"
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"pay-it-forward" chains at drive-thrus/coffeeshops are weird because the only person getting something for free is the asshole who ends the chain
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	"shitpost" is an anagram of "stop this"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"trees don't grow on money" would be a good anti-deforrestation slogan
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"umop apisdn" is "upside down" spelled upside down with different letters of the alphabet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"up", when rotated 180 degrees, looks like "dn".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"up/dn" is the same when read upside down
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"you aren't" and "you're not" mean the same thing and use the same words but have different contractions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	$1000 worth of Coke is worse for you than $1000 worth of coke.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'Baby wipes' is still an accurate name even when you use them to clean up after sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'Coffee flavored water' doesn't sound good but that's what coffee is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'Dad Bod' should have been called Father Figure instead
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'Fe' is the elemental symbol for iron. Tina Fey's last name is 'irony'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'Gluten Tag' would be a really great name for a German Bakery.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'How It's Made' should do an episode about making an episode of 'How It's Made'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'I work for one of the richest companies in the world' is a lot better than saying 'I work at Walmart.'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'Mum jokes' are jokes about your mum but 'Dad jokes' are jokes told by your Dad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'Queue' has to be one of the weirdest words in English: a single spoken letter followed by four silent vowels. A word that is 80% style over substance.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'Right, left' answers the question 'Left, Right?'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'Slang' is a colloquial word for 'colloquial word'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'Supervision' sounds a lot cooler than it really is
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'The Very Hungry Caterpillar' teaches children that if you eat too much, you become beautiful.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'The Walking Dead' spin-Off should have an all-black cast so you'd never know who would die next.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog' would be the worst hangman phrase ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'You have a big heart' is a nice compliment from anyone except your doctor
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'xXx' starring Vin Diesel is the hardest movie to pirate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	(?|?) looks like The Riddler's butt cheeks
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	(as a guy) Trying to pee in the toilet in darkness is a practical human use of echolocation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	(rich) humans are becoming elves - low birthrates, long lifespans, and magic-like technology
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/AnimalPorn would be a great but horrible name for /r/aww
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/Beer has a side bar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/Fightclub must be the most inactive sub ever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/OldSchoolCool has become a contest of whose grandparents looked the best
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/ShowerThoughts charity: water campaign
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/ShowerThoughts is great because it doesn't require me to click on anything
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/Showerthoughts Best of 2013 Winners!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/Showerthoughts is now a default subreddit! (please read)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/Showerthoughts should have hot/cold tap heads as the upvote/downvote buttons
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/UnexpectedCena is actually the opposite of what it says. If you watch a video on that sub, you know for sure that John Cena will be in it.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	/r/all should have three settings: nsfw off, nsfw on and nsfw only.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/aww still being up is like your parents getting you a dog to distract you from their divorce.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	/r/gonewild is the friend zone version of porn: girls want attention and validation from the guys but they don't actually want anything to do with them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/gonewild probably creates the most OC of all of Reddit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/kansas should be the subreddit for Arkansas.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/machineporn will mean something completely different in 100 years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/meatball would be a meatball sub
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/mildlyinfuriating should change its font to Comic Sans
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/mildlyinteresting has more subscribers than /r/interesting, suggesting the former is more interesting than the latter
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/reversegif should just be called /r/fig
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	/r/showerthoughts is like /r/woahdude for sober people
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	0 AD was just over 2000 years ago. That's only about 30 modern lifetimes laid back-to-back.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	1 billion seconds = 31.7 years. There are roughly 7 billion humans alive right now. So every second that passes, about 222 years, or ~3 lifetimes worth of human experience has just happened.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	1-3 and 1,2,3 sounds the same and means the same.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	1/3 of marriages are now from online dating and that number is only increasing. That means that computers (algorithms) are starting to breed humans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	10 Things I Hate About You sounds like a movie that would be produced by BuzzFeed
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	10 percent of my Facebook friends are responsible for 90 percent of the crap in my feed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	10 years ago I used to joke about how in the heck Fidel Castro is still alive. Fidel Castro is STILL alive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	10 years ago staring videos online was a pain due to buffering, now it's a pain due to having to watch 2 commercials first.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	10 years ago we all wanted cool ringtones. Now we all just use the standard one
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	10,000's or 100,000's of people all keeping a secret for 50 years that the moon landings were faked would be a far greater achievement than actually landing on the Moon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	10/10 of us think we won't be the one to get hit by that bus.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	100 years ago a car would have been a luxury and horse a necessity,But today car is a necessity and a horse is the luxury.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	100 years ago, most people rode horses and only the rich had cars. Now everyone has a car and you have to be rich to own a horse.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	100 years ago, most people were skinny and the rich were fat. Now the poor are fat and the rich are skinny.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	100 years from now, 'doing the robot' will have an entirely different meaning.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	100 yrs ago we had trouble flying, 50 yrs ago we flew to the moon, yesterday we flew by pluto.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	100% of Disney queens are evil. Therefore all of the Disney princesses are closeted psychopaths.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	100,000 condoms for Olympic Village? That's the BEST TIME to further the species.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	1000 years ago people worshipped Thor, the god of thunder. In another 1000 years, will Jesus Christ join the Avengers?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	12 days without murder in New York could just mean 12 days without any bodies found.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	120,000,000 Just sat down and watched a group of millionaires throw a ball around
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	13.7 billion years of evolution through galaxies, stars, solar systems, planets and life has ultimately resulted in me masturbating in the shower while thinking about the universe.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	15 years ago, when the internet consisted mostly of chatting with strangers, I dreamed of hyper-realistic video games. But know that we have those, I spend most of my time talking to strangers on Reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	15 years from now there will be a Buzzfeed article titled "These 19 super creepy photos of Brazil's abandoned Olympic buildings will give you nightmares!! (especially #11)"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	16 year olds are competing in the Olympics and I still look at my Mum when the Doctor asks what's wrong
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	16 year olds are winning Olympic golds, and I'm still here asking my mom how long I should microwave my food for
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	16-year-old me would be totally disappointed by what kind of an adult I am now
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	1980 is as far away as 2046.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	1984-2000 seems a very long time compared to 2000-2016.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	1990 is as far away as 2040
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	2 days off: Typical weekend. 3 days off: Well rested. 4+ days off: Forget every single element of what it takes to be a functional member of society.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	20 years ago, high schools put wrecked cars out front to remind students to never drink and drive. Today it's to remind them to never text and drive. 20 years from now, it will be to remind them to never drive (and to let the car drive itself)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	2015 is a delightfully palindromic binary number 11111011111
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	2016 is feeling more and more like that bit in the movies where the time traveller accidentally kills a bug and when he returns, the world is not quite right.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	2016 is like a montage of news footage you see in the beginning of a post-apocalyptic movie explaining how the world was ruined.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	2017 is less than 3 months away, and I still feel like 2010 was just 2 years ago..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	2020 is only six years away.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	2020's New Years party glasses will be ironic
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	21 "you're still a kid" 22 "you're still a kid" 23 "you're still a kid" 24 "you're still a kid" 25 "wait, you're not married yet?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	23 years on this planet, and I've only now realised that the yellow capsules inside Kinder eggs are the yoke of an egg.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	28 years of training, give or take, and I'm still not sure I've mastered wiping my butt efficiently.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	3 of the 5 senses are acceptable to use to express understanding. You can say "I hear that!", "I feel you!", or "Oh, I see!", but it's weird if you say "I smell you" or "I taste that, bro".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	3 out of 5 stars is GOOD. 6/10 is OKAY. 60% is BAD.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	30 or 40 years from now, the Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings movies will be considered old, inevitably prompting remakes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	30 years ago, My parents were horrified that my sister was a lesbian but it was okay that she smoked. Today I'm horrified that my daughter smokes but its fine if she's gay.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	30 years from now we'll probably view soda in the same way as we see cigarettes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	3G used to be the best thing going. Now, when my phone's indicator says 3G, it pretty much functions like I have no signal at all.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	40 years from now senior centers will go from being filled with board games and puzzles to being filled with ancient gaming consoles and their games.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	40 years from now, people in retirement homes will probably play videogames instead of bingo
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	420 is like taco bells black Friday
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	49 Percent of the world is female yet i assume everything said on Reddit was from a male
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	4am is weird because its too early for morning people, and too late for night people
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	4chan has an uncomfortable amount of 30-year-old men openly lusting after 15-year-old girls. Tumblr has an uncomfortable amount of 15-year-old girls lusting after 30-year-old men.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	4chan showed how dumb people can be when they're anonymous, Facebook showed how dumb people can be when their identity is completely public
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	5 grams of weed should be called a high five.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	5% of the toilet paper I use is for wiping my ass, 95% percent of it is to keep my fingers from touching shitty toilet paper.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	50 Cent should periodically alter his name to reflect currency inflation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	50% of Canada is the letter "a"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	50% of Roger Federer's name is "er"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	50% percent of Canada is the letter a
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	500 years ago indigenous peoples must have wondered "are we alone on this planet" the way we wonder if we are alone in the universe. Then they actually had to endure attacks from aliens with superior technology like we're afraid of.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	500 years ago, pirates were a real danger and were not considered cute. I wonder if, in 500 years, kids will be dressing up as Islamic Terrorists for Halloween.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	6-8 Times a day, I start to post something on Reddit, type it out, and then just click the back button on my browser without posting because I know no one will care.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	60% of the world population is Asian but I dont think I've ever seen a pregnant Asian woman in real life
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	600 years in the future, there's a historian who would be absolutely thrilled to have a conversation with me
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	7 x 9 = 63, 8 x 8, which is in the middle, is 64, one more. This rule applies to all 3 sequential numbers e.g. 4 x 6 = 24, 5 x 5 = 25
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	7.3 billion people are experiencing the same day in a different way.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	75 is 25% shorter than 100, unless it is a time you type into the microwave, in which case it is 25% longer
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	75% of reddit going dark means this is probably my best chance of ever getting to the frontpage
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	8 Mile is the only movie where everyone actively roots for the white guy to prevail over all the black characters.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	80% of the letters in the word "queue" aren't pronounced.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	9 months before I was born, I went to a party with my dad and left with my mom
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	9 years ago: didn't own a laptop or smartphone. Today: I'm watching satellite images from Pluto on my WATCH.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	9/11 was closer to the fall of the Berlin Wall than the present day
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	90% of submissions on this sub are probably toilet thoughts
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	90% of the star wars commercials I see on TV are not even trailers for star wars, just companies using star wars to sell their products
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	911 should be able to accept text messages so you can hide in a closet and not talk on the phone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	95% of the time when I think food smells great it's just onion and/or garlic cooking.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	99% of being an adult is basically just not being mean to people you don't like any more.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	99% of fixing someone's tech issues is just being better at Google.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	99% of quality posts are never actually posted because the author thinks twice before posting and says "Fuck it, I have better things to do."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	99% of the conversations I practice in my head never happen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	99% of the time I click a Reddit link and see it's a YouTube video and not a gif I hit the back button repeatedly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	99% of the time I have no idea what's going on when I play pinball
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	99.9999% of the human population doesnt even know you exist
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	9GAG, Buzzfeed, UNILAD, and Facebook are all screwed tomorrow
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	@'s are just lowercase anarchy symbols.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A "Humans" episode of How Its Made would make for a hilarious sex ed video.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A "buttload" of underwear would be exactly one pair.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A "lethal dose" is also a "lifetime supply".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A "zombie apocalypse" is actually a human apocalypse and is technically a zombie genesis
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A #1 dad mug is a terrible father's day gift if you have two gay dads.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A $1 condom failure could cost you $250,000
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A 'gasp' is a sigh but backwards.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A 5 year old would never understand the top comment in any /r/explainlikeimfive post
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A 6 year old isn't brilliant because he can use a smartphone. It's the engineers who are smart by designing it in a way a 6 year old can use.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A ? is half a lightbulb because when the question is answered it completes the lightbulb (the idea).
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A Bachelor party is more appropriate after a Divorce than before a wedding.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A Batman movie from the point of view of a random street gang would probably be a lot like the film "Predator"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A Batman vs ironman movie would be the most realistic superhero movie ever made if done properly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A Big Gulp in a North Korean 7-11 should be called a "Supreme Litre."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A GPS using only "warm" and "cold" for directions could be exciting or terrible.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A TV channel where all the shows are set in the same universe.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	A Vagina's Purpose is to Squeeze the Life Out of a Penis
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A Virgin Mary becomes a Bloody Mary after you put something stiff in it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A baby born today may live to see the year 2100
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A baby centaur would have a bottom half that could run almost immediately after birth and a sloppy top half that's neck couldn't support its own head.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A baby chicken is a chick. An adult chicken is a hen. chick-hen
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A baby is initially in water (womb), then comes to land (born), then crawls on the body, then walks on four feet, then stands up and walks on two feet. Just like the evolution from fish to reptiles to mammals to humans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A bachelor party would be a lot more suited after a divorce opposed to before a wedding
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A baseball signed by me is worth less than an unsigned baseball
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A bathtub is the opposite of a boat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A bed is a shelf for your body when you are not using it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A better Santa Claus story would be that every city has one person who is in the "Santa Claus" role and no one knows who it is, therefor, if the children want presents, they have to be nice to everyone because they never know who could be Santa.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	A better way to fuck with North Korea would be to take down the censors and open the Internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A billionaire could give me %.01 of his wealth and change my life while he is virtually unaffected.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A birth certificate is effectively a baby receipt
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A birthday is actually recognizing a successful orbit of the Sun. Congrats, space traveler.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A blanket that gets cold at a certain time would work better than any alarm in waking me up and getting me out of bed
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A blind person must have a really low electricity bill.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A book with 100 pages only has 50 pages.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A boomerang warehouse hit with a tornado wouldn't lose any boomerangs.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	A bra is a booby trap
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A brain transplant would actually be a full body transplant.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A broken clock has the correct time twice a day, but it's possible for a working clock to never have the correct time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A broken clock is exactly right twice a day, but a clock set one minute too fast is never, ever exactly right
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A broken clock is guaranteed to be right twice a day, but you could have a completely functional clock that's never right.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A broom is an acoustic vacuum..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A bullet may have someone's name on it, but ten pounds of C4 is more 'to whom it may concern'
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	A bunch of guys at the FBI look at child porn all day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A buttload is an actual measurement for drug smugglers.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	A buttload of dildos is only one dildo
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A buttload of underwear is exactly one pair
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A cactus is really just an aggressive cucumber.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A calendar doesn't actually tell you what day it is. It just gives you a list of options to choose from.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A cancer researchers job is to unemploy themselves
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A car with 25,000 miles on the odometor is considered low mileage. 25,000 miles is approximately the circumfrence of the earth. A low mileage car has already 'traveled around the world.'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A cell phone doesn't seem that heavy till you drop it on your face while laying down.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A cellphone camera's flash gets more use as a flashlight than as a camera flash
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A centipede's body is mostly armpits
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A change machine always contains the same amount of money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A chicken pecked my thigh today and I realized I had no right to be mad after having bitten in to thousands of chicken thighs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A child born 08.08.08 is 8 today.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A child born 08.08.08 is 8 years and 8 days old today.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A clock is just a battery's lifespan.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A coffee and smartphone today are just the cigarette and newspaper of 20 years ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A college diploma is just a receipt
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A comedy show about hammered people explaining historical events has more to do with history than most shows on The History Channel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A comma is a pause in a sentence. A coma is a pause in a life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A common human mating ritual involves killing plants and displaying their reproductive organs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A company that donates books to prisons should be called Prose and Cons.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A condom wrapper is packaging for your package's packaging
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	A cop wearing a "Fuck the Police" t-shirt at a party is just making a clever suggestion.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A crush is called a crush because he/she will most likely crush your feelings
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A date is like a sex interview.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A dead person should be referred to as a "human been" instead of a "human being"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A deck of cards has 52 cards. House of Cards has 13 episodes per season. In that notion, the series will end in the fourth season with 52 episodes (cards).
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A dentist kills a lion and people lose their heads. We've collectively destroyed half of the planet's wildlife in the past 40 years and nobody bats an eyelid.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	A dildo can also be called a selfie stick.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A doctor is a veterinarian that only has to work on one species.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A dog born and trained in China knows more Chinese than me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A failure rate of 0.0000005 doesn't sound so bad until you have a dead pixel
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A family of crows flying into a wood chipper is called a murder suicide.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	A fat girl bragging about boob size is like an unemployed person bragging about having the day off
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A female cannibal has the ability to create her own food.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A female peacock should be called a peacunt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A fight over text message is literally a thumb war.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A fine is a tax for doing bad. A tax is a fine for doing well.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A fine is just a mandatory bribe.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A fired bullet is called a 'slug' because it doesn't have it's shell anymore.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A first person Pac Man would have been scary: wandering around a pitch black maze, running away from ghosts, while having no clue where they would be
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A fish tank is the opposite of a submarine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A foot away from me it's -5 degrees out... thank you house
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A gallon of gas is less expensive than guacamole from Chipotle.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A garden hose is an extension cord for water.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A girl saying "I want to have a baby" is ironically the best form of birth control for me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A good slogan for a condom company would be "come prepared"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A good way to fix the Youtube comments could be to only allow comments after you watched at least 50% of the video
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A good way to know if someone is attracted to you is to realize it years later in a wave of flashbacks and regret.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A great name for self-driving cars would be "automobiles" but we've used that already.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A group of crows is called a murder. A group of people on the internet should be called an argument.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A group of gay people should be called "a pride".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A group of kids should be called a migraine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A group of squid should be called a squad
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A group of starfish should be called a constellation
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A group of starfish should be called a galaxy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A guy can decline an invitation by saying his girlfriend won't let him go and everyone will likely understand. But if a girl declines an invitation by saying her boyfriend won't let her go, people will likely get concerned.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A guy has to blow himself up to get 72 virgins. A girl just has to reveal her gender on the internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A guy with red haired parents is a Ginger-bred Man.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A haiku consists of three stanzas that follow a pattern of 5/7/5. If you divide five by seven and then by five, you get 0.142857142857. This number, when read aloud, is a haiku.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A heart shape with initials cut into the tree bark means someone went on a date with a knife.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A hoax about a Mewtwo next to my business will be more powerful that any other kind of ad
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	A hug between girls is like a high five for boobs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A hundred years ago, if 100,000 people saw something you made you'd be rated a very successful artist, writer, etc. Today, that barely qualifies as a successful meme.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A hundred years ago, poor people had horses and rich people had cars. Now it's the other way around
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A knee is a really big knuckle
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A laser tag arena would be an intense place for a cat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A last name is like a brand of human.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	A life-long gay guy, if born by c-section, will never touch a vagina.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A lifetime supply of McDonalds is actually pretty short.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A line of paint on the road holds more authority than i probably ever will.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A loaded gun with a laser attachment is probably the easiest way to kill a cat
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A lot of gay guys/girls who don't want to marry their current SO just got put in an awkward position
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A lot of gunfights could have been prevented if they'd only made Old West towns bigger.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A lot of innocent chefs in Medieval times must have been executed because the King's food taster had allergies, which they wouldn't have understood.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A lot of people are gilding Victoria's comments after her dismissal, apparently unaware they are paying money to the company they are trying to protest.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A lot of people are now unknowingly celebrating their last New Year's Eve.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A lot of people died in order for us to know which fruits we can and cannot eat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A lot of people have a problem thinking humans evolved from apes, yet have no problem accepting that pugs and chihuahuas descended from wolves.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	A lot of people ruin their lives over orgasms.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A lot of what I spend my money on eventually comes out of my butt
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A machine that builds ATMs would be called an "ATM Machine"...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A male lunch lady is a lunch lord
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A man will treat a woman like a princess until she starts to act like one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A man's wife is also his ex-girlfriend.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A mean mathematician is just an average guy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A meatball is just a baby meatloaf.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A million quarters is a quarter million
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A mullet will make you a redneck and also prevent you from getting one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A mute super villain would be unstoppable
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A net is a flaccid cage. A cage is an erect net.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A newbie should be called a "pert", because over time, they'll become an "ex-pert".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A night club is basically a party for people that weren't invited to an actual party
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A non-English speaker would never believe the spoken sentence "Ted had said that Ed had edited it" means anything.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	A package is a euphemism for a penis. A box is a euphemism for a vagina. Packages come in boxes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A papercut is a tree's last revenge.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	A penis is essentially a hydraulic sperm cannon made out of meat
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	A penis is like a progress bar for arousal.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	A penis is really just a "fleshdrive" that transfers genetic data.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A person doesn't become homeless just because they lose all their money, but also because they lost all their friends.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A person from 150 years ago would be terrified by modern stuff. However, a duck from 150 years ago would just be all like, still got lakes? yes ? okay cool
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A pet rock is a great pet until you realize its is essentially immortal and you have damned it to an eternity of watching its loved ones die.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A phone cover is like a condom, it feels meh using it, and it feels amazing while not using it, but it's dangerous.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A pizza is basically a real-time pie chart of how much pizza is left.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A pizza is circular, but everyone eats it from the inside out. Everyone's first bite starts at the exact center of the pizza.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A polo referee should ride a zebra
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A poodle is literally a wolf in sheep's clothing.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	A poor whore is a destitute prostitute.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A pregnant woman has two skeletons inside her
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A prison sentence is just a long time-out for adults.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A programmer programmed the program that programmers use for programming programs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A proper fork in the road would have three or four options.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A prostitute could technically refer to people they've slept with as "someone from work".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A pun is like an inside joke for an entire language.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A reality show in which CEOs have to live off their lowest paid employee's salary for a month.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A receipt is like an obituary for my money
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A relationship is like a DLC for life. It adds a ton of extra content, and a new storyline, but it usually involves spending a lot of money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A resume is really just a list of places i don't want to work at again
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A robot we put on Mars can send high resolution images back to earth but I can't get cell service in the mountains.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A romantic comedy movie where a woman is sent back in time to aid 18yo Adolf Hitler pass into The Academy of Fine Arts Vienna to prevent the holocaust.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A room gets smaller every time you paint it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A saddle is really just a human to horse adapter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A satanic band should record an album singing the nastiest parts of the bible and release it as a christian album
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A school shooting is a horrible way to describe yearbook picture day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A second-born twin could technically be the older of two if the first is born before, and the second is born after the end of Daylight Savings Time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A selfie stick really ought be called a narcissistick.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A set of red, yellow, and green lights have more authority than I ever will.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A ship the size of the Death Star must usually have thousands of exhaust ports. Designing it to have only one is a technical marvel, not a design flaw.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	A shitload of food is the exact amount of food you eat.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	A significant amount of people are going to fuck cups for the first time today.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A small child who draws a circle when asked to draw a star is probably either somewhat delayed or very advanced.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A snowman is a body of water.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A snowman is technically a body of water
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A speed limit essentially makes it illegal for my car to exist at a certain location directly in front of my current location, at a certain time in the future.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A spider has made a web right overtop of my fruit fly infested compost bin. He is almost literally spawn camping. No fair, bro.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A spoon is just a bowl that fits in your mouth
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A spoon is just a tiny bowl on a stick.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A stopped clock will be right twice a day, but a clock losing one second a year will only be right every 43,200 years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A subplot of many 90s films was the "business dad" who wouldn't get off the phone, resulting in a disappointed kid. Nowadays, these roles have reversed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A successful marriage ends with watching the other person die.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	A swear jar is literally a jar of fucks given.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A swimmingpool is basically a ball pit, only with very small balls.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A telephone makes sound travel faster than the speed of sound
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A thousand seconds ago, I was on Reddit. A million seconds ago, I was at work last week. A billion seconds ago, I was in 7th grade. A trillion seconds ago, Neanderthals roamed the earth.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	A tissue fetish would be extremely convenient.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A ton of cars is about half a car.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A ton of cows is not a lot of cows
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A ton of people is literally 12 to 15 people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A ton of people is only around 10-15 individuals.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A ton of people would only be about 12 or 13 people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A trapped sneeze is pretty much 'Blue Balls' of the face.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A tree house is the ultimate insult. "I killed your friend, here, hold him."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A troll dropping F-bombs in a flame war is not as exciting as those terms make it sound.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A true mad scientist would only destroy half of the earth, since the other half is the control group.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A vacuum is one of the only items where "collecting dust" means you actually use it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A vampire could switch one of the lenses of his glasses with a mirror and effectively have a rear-view mirror
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A video-game studio is probably the only workplace where it's appropriate to talk regularly about killing a boss.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A watch pronounces its own time of death.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A woman's breasts are basically lumps of fat, so whenever breasts are blurred on TV it's technically fat shaming
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A wood fire is like releasing all the sunlight a tree absorbed in its life all at once.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	A zombie outbreak could be prevented if people were buried with their shoe laces tied together.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	ADDING "man" to "I love you" actually makes it LESS gay.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	AOL who I have never given a dollar to still hosts my e-mail address from 6th grade and yet my university whom I've given over 60 thousand dollars to deleted mine within a year of my graduation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	ATMs should allow for a panic pin number so that if you are being forced to withdraw money, the police will be secretly notified while the machine "is taking a strangely long amount of time" to complete the withdrawal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	About 150 years ago a car would be considered a luxury item and a horse a necessity, now a horse is a luxury item and a car is necessity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	About 30 years ago, President Nixon was almost impeached for wire tapping one building. Today, the U.S. Government (including the President) can record data from all our phones
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	About 50 yards into any lake there must be a ring of awesome skipping stones
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	About 50% of marriages end in divorce, but the other 50% end in death
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	About an hour after the final scene in many Disney movies, the main character will be losing her virginity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	About every 15 minutes, there is a wave of people being woken up by alarms. 5 minutes later another wave of slightly less motivated individuals wakes up for the second time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Abstinence-only sex ed is like a defensive driving course that says, "Don't drive."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Accents are like voice fonts
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	According to a genital structure, Men should be the ones wearing the skirt and Women should be wearing trousers...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	According to a study, when you begin a sentence with "according to a study," people will believe anything you say.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	According to common American wisdom it's fine to go to a bar, get drunk, meet a stranger, take her to your home, have sex, and fall asleep together, but very unsafe to tell someone on the internet your last name.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	According to most ghost photos, our clothes must have a soul too, otherwise all ghosts would be photographed naked.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	According to the "Third time's a charm" rule, Germany will somehow win the next world war.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	According to the Bible, abstinence isn't 100% effective against pregnancy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	According to the general media it seems like absolutely everyone has Twitter, yet I don't know a single person who uses Twitter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	According to the human brain, the human brain is the most advanced thing in the world
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	According to the mac &amp; cheese box, I am a family of 4
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Acquired taste is the Stockholm Syndrome of the flavor world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Actors Kiss each other for like 10 seasons and don't fall in love but when someone holds the door for me i think about it for 5 months
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Actors get paid more to pretend to go into space than astronauts get paid to actually go!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ad Blocker became popular strictly by word of mouth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Adam &amp; Eve had no concept of "good and evil". So, them in the garden of Eden is like 2 mentally disabled kids locked in a room alone everyday. Filled with safe toys...but also a chainsaw. Mistakes were made, God. That's all I'm saying.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Adam Sandler is like Tyler Perry for white people
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Adam and Eve got an apple and regretted its terms and conditions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Adam and Eve were the first people to accept Apple's terms and conditions without reading them...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Adam and Eve were the first people to agree to Apple's terms and conditions without reading them. Seriously, nobody reads them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Adblock is so good, if no one complained about Star Wars memorabilia being over the top, I would have had no idea.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Adblock should buy out signs around time square and replace them with "This ad has been blocked by Adblock"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Adding an "e" to the end of a word makes it seem old, but adding one to the beginning makes it sound high-tech.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ads on the Internet are getting so smart that when I see a diaper ad, I worry Google knows something I don't
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Adult websites should make MILF related premium content free today
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Adulthood is 50% "I'm too young for this to be happening" and 50% "I'm too old for this shit".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Adulthood is like looking both ways before you cross the street and then getting hit by an airplane.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Adulthood is when you stop trying to find your car's max speed and start trying to find its max fuel efficiency.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Adults complaining about the younger generation are really just saying their generation did a shitty job raising their kids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Adults tell kids scary stories around a campfire so they'll be too scared to wander away from the campsite alone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Afromans 'Because I got High' taught me more accurate consequences of marijuana than anything they said in school
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After 20 years I've only just realised we sing the alphabet to twinkle twinkle little star.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After 2015, no part of any of the Back to the Future movies will actually take place in the Future
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After I poo, I do up my belt before I wash my hands. I have never washed my belt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After a long road trip, there is a sense of relief once you're back in range of your radio presets.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After all the new Star Wars movies come out, Star Wars will be a trilogy of trilogies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After centuries of seeing their colonies declare independence, the UK wanted to try it out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After clearing browser history, there should be an option to fill up history with "normal" websites instead of it just being empty.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After clearing your browser history, there should be an option to have it filled with random 'normal' websites, instead of it being all empty.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	After dating a girl with huge boobs the past few months, now my first thought when I see a woman with huge boobs isn't "sweet", it's "man her back and shoulders must be killing her"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After everyone transforms back into a human at the end of Beauty and the Beast, it must have cost a fortune to restock the castle with lighting, furniture, and cookware.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After graduating in May, I'm no longer a "broke college student", I'm just poor.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After having diarrhoea for a few days it feels awesome to be able to fart with confidence again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After installing Adblock, hot chicks in my neighborhood suddenly do not want to have sex with me
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After living with my girlfriend for a few years now, I completely understand why every male retirement activity - golf, tennis, fishing, etc. - is done in silence.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After more than 2000 years of technological advances, girls are still wearing the same sandals used in Ancient Rome
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After overhearing a girl ask if cocaine was gluten free, I think I'm officially done with LA.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After playing Pokémon Go! for a month, I now sympathize with and understand my dogs frustration with claiming the hydrant at the corner every time we walk.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After seeing social media posts from my religious friends and family over the last few weeks, it's now very clear that I learned more about how to be a good person from Superman and Spider-Man than they did from Jesus.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	After taking a TV production class in college, I now realize what a dick move dropping the mic actually is considering how sensitive and expensive they are
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After the credits of a film that is "based on a true story" there should be a brief summary of the differences between the film and reality.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After this week, Back to the Future will take place entirely in the past
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After watching 'Toy Story' as a chid, I used to feel guilty when I played with some toys more than others
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	After watching so many Television shows, I don't think a movie is anywhere near long enough anymore to develop characters or a story.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Agar.io is basically that game that you watched as a kid where you look at the rain drops sliding down on the car windshield.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Air Bud seems like a great movie, until you realize some poor kid was cut from the team to make room on the roster for a golden retriever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Air Force training should be called Air Conditioning.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	AirBNB is destroying the Hotel business like Uber is destroying the taxi business like email destroyed the mail business and grocery stores destroyed the milk man business. Such is life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Airbubbles in water are the opposite of rain.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Airlines should award FLIGHT HOURS instead of MILES so if your plane is delayed they can tell you your wait counts as flight hours. You'll be less annoyed and they'll be motivated to work harder to avoid delays.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Airlines should take into account passenger weight when checking baggage. If a 300 pound guy is able to check a 50 pound bag for free, then as a 140 pound guy I should be able to check 210 pounds worth of stuff, too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Airplanes should release a powder with high hue/visibility colors when they break/impact on ocean water, which narrows down search for black box recorders.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Airports are the only place where I don't think twice about people drinking booze at 7 in the morning
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Airports should have post offices in them so you can mail home all the crap you can't bring onto the plane
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Al Bundy was considered a loser in the 80s and 90s, even though he owned a decent house in a good neighborhood, and was able to sustain a family on a single income working as a shoe salesman on minimum wage.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Al Gore could make a band called the Algorithms.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Al Pacino sounds more like a food modifier than a name. "I'll have the spaghetti al pacino."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Alan Rickman would have played an amazing older Kylo Ren.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Alcohol free and free alcohol are the polar opposites of fun.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Alcohol should be served in Capri-Sun styled pouches; when you can't get the straw through the hole anymore, you've had enough.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Alex Trebek should host an AMA where he gives us his answers first.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Aliens in pop culture always have humanoid bodies. It's like if sea cucumbers had scifi and every alien was just a different coloured sausage
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Aliens invaded the moon on July 20th, 1969.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Aliens living millions of light years away haven't invaded us yet in fear of dinosaurs that their telescopes show on Earth.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	All Movie Spoilers are Tagged NSFW because Reddit doesn't have a Spoiler Tag. It makes /r/Starwars looks like a Porn Sub-Reddit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All Olympic events should save a spot for a random, average person so viewers can see how much better the athletes are than normal people
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All accounts should have a "I lied about my age before" option for when you actually turn 18.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All ads are ads for adblock.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All animals except humans have the right to be nude in public
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All cellphone cameras, laptop cameras, and other webcams should come with a sliding door that has to be physically opened and closed by the user.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All cops should have body cams with a button that they are told shuts off recording. But it doesn't do anything.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All fish tanks are basically soups if you apply heat
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All horror movies should show bloopers before credits so that you don't get nigthmares after watching a really scary movie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All males strive to "be the man" while avoiding "being that guy".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All marijuana is considered medical marijuana if you believe laughter is the best medicine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All marijuana is medical marijuana if you believe that laughter is the best medicine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All microwaves should have an "after hours" setting that stops the beeper from going off when your food is ready so you don't wake anybody up while you're trying to make some Cup O' Noodles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All my professors this semester have degrees from Harvard. So I guess I'm getting a Harvard education.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All of Aladdin was a story told by the merchant to get us to buy a worthless lamp.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All of my friends are getting married, and I'm still trying to get over the fact that oranges are pre-sliced by nature.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All of the best skipping rocks are in the middle of the lake.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All of the planets in Star Wars have the exact same gravitational pulls.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	All of those "This is a Buick!?" commercials are basically them acknowledging that people see them as a manufacturer of shitty cars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All our alien theories involve kidnaping, because that's exactly what we would be doing if we found life outside earth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All our pets might have Stockholm syndrome.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All pants and jeans should have pockets lined with microfiber material so your phone gets cleaned every time you put it in your pocket.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All polls are biased towards people who are willing to take polls
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	All porn videos should start with 5 seconds of music to remind me that my volume is turned up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All pregnant women are bodybuilders.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All restrooms should be pull to enter, push to leave
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All single men at a bar, gay or straight, kinda hope all good looking straight men are gay.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All single-person bathrooms should be unisex
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All skiing is water skiing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All terms and conditions should be required to provide a tl;dr
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All tests should be open book. It's not like your future boss is going to say, "I need those tax returns finished by noon, but don't look at any of the financial statements. Do it all from memory."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All the Digimons end with -mon because they are computer programs, and ".mon" is their extension for monster.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All the Star Wars movies are just about the drama of one family. It's basically "Keeping up with the Skywalkers".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All the Trump haters seem to disregard the fact that we'd probably get some pretty sweet new punk bands out of his presidency.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All the characters from Toy Story are Chinese
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All the coins tossed into fountains should be donated to the Make-A-Wish Foundation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All the guys from 'Pawn Stars' should compete on an episode of 'The Price is Right'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All the months at the end of year are 'embers' it's like the year is burning itself out...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All the popular baby names you hate while pregnant will be the names of your child's friends and classmates.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All these charmanders outside my house finally proves that hot singles do exist in my area
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All those Harlem Shake videos are still on Youtube
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All those rappers that bought huge gold chains in the 80's and 90's actually made pretty prudent investments.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All us reddit users are just like children sitting awkwardly at the dinner table while their parents fight.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All words are made up
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All worms are Earth worms.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All your internal organs function in complete darkness.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	All-you-can-eat restaurants should tell you at the end of your meal how much it would have cost at a normal restaurant
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Almost all good decisions I've made since adulthood have been preceded by the phrase, "Fuck it".
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Almost every hand I've ever shaken has had a dick in it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Almost every person I've ever met and thought "I hope they don't have children" ... has kids. Almost every decidedly child-free person I've ever met ... would make a good parent.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Almost every sound outside is an animal trying to get laid
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Alocohol should be served in Capri-Sun styled pouches; when you can't get the straw through the hole anymore, you've had enough.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Along with "reddit gold" there should be "reddit bullshit" that you can award when you really think someone is lying
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Always bring the banana to your mouth, never bring your mouth to the banana.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Am I perfect? No. But am I striving to be a better person every day? Also, no.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Am I the only one who thinks that TL;DR: should be at the *start* or a post?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazed that no science fiction book has been written based on the outcome of somehow finding definitive proof that there are no aliens - it would be just as shattering as the opposite.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon Prime Movies should have a category called "Not on Netflix" for people who have both services.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon Prime would be an awesome leader of the Autobots.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon has ruined my expectations on how quickly an item should be shipped and handled
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon has spoiled me to the point where anything over 2 days for shipping seems like an outrage.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon is trying to subliminally convince us to burn down the rainforest, with product names like "Amazon Kindle" and "Amazon Fire"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon really needs a "I have £20 to spend and no idea what I want, show me cool things" button.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon should have "Already bought one" and "Not interested" buttons so the same products don't follow you around in ads for weeks on end.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon should have a "Secret Santa" feature, where you buy an item for a random person who has it on their wish list.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon should have a 'Things You May Like Under $5' section so we can get free shipping for $25 when we're short and don't know what to get.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon should have a button that let's you donate enough to cover for the free shipping price so you don't have to order another item and you get to help charities.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon should have a button that tells them "I'm done looking for items like these" after you found one and bought it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon should have a take a penny leave a penny system where you can get rid of your unwanted 13 cents left on a gift card and somebody can use up to a dollar of what people left if they are a little bit short.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon should have an option to donate money to get you over the free shipping threshold.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon should have an option to donate to charity if your short on free shipping
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amazon should have an option where you can choose to donate the remaining amount in order to get to 35$+ total to get free shipping.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	America is not a "melting pot", it's a house salad, and people are constantly trying to pick out the parts they don't like.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	America's funniest home videos was our parents' YouTube.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	American children under the age of about 7 or 8 don't know what it's like to have a white man as president.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	American football is like a turn-based strategy game while soccer is like an real-time strategy game
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	American journalism has gotten to the point that readers are criticized for not fact checking news articles.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	American society thinks its perfectly acceptable for an 18 year old to make money getting gang-banged in a porn, but that same 18 year old is not mentally ready to legally buy and drink a glass of wine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Americans are worried about violence in Rio yet 19 people were shot in Chicago today and I see little coverage of it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Americans have to be 420 months old to become president.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Americans stereotype Mexicans as "lazy" while simultaneously complaining that Mexicans are "stealing all of our [labor-intensive] jobs."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Americans use the Metric system when buying drugs because asking for a teaspoon of heroin is just embarrassing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Amputees with prosthetic legs can use the phrase "I stand corrected" literally.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	An "old man" is typically older than an "older man."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	An "unlimited minutes per month" phone plan really only gives you 44,640 minutes per month at best
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	An American and an Australian if born right this second would have a different birth date by day, month and year. If the American moves to Australia they would still be older.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	An AskReddit post is a reverse AMA
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	An Egg McMuffin is a younger version of the McChicken.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	An NBA player being fined $25,000 is the equivalent of me being fined $4.60 based on my own net worth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	An ad I can't mute, skip or minimize will not make me want a product more. It will make me resent the product and its maker more.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	An animated Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy movie done by the creators of Futurama would be amazing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	An employer probably wouldn't hire a person being investigated by the FBI, but we will probably elect one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	An entire generation of teenagers who do not know every word to the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air theme song will soon exist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	An onion forces you to cry over it's dead body.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	An option on Netflix to watch the trailer of the movie would help out on deciding what to watch
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	An organist is an organism that is an organization of organs playing the organ.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	An urge for masturbating should be called a 'fappetite'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anakin Skywalker always complained about not being taken seriously, whined constantly, and obsessed over one girl for decades who he called "m'lady". He was the original neckbeard.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anakin Skywalker over the course of 6 movies lost 5 of his 4 limbs in 3 duels.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Anal seemed hot when I was in my teens/lower twenties. After a few months of living with my girlfriend, the smell of the bathroom in the morning after her morning coffee has put that fetish to rest. Forever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Animals that are caught, tagged and released must feel like they were abducted by aliens.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Animated GIFs have revived silent film.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Animated gifs are bringing us back to an era of silent comedy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anne Frank and MLK were both born in the same year but people don't know that since they associate them with two different time periods...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anne Frank and Martin Luther King Jr. were both born in the same year, yet we associate them as being in completely different periods in history
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Annoying pop-ups that ask me to turn off adblock never succeeded. Instead they just make me stop using the site.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Another 4 years and "The Simpsons" will be able to play a different Halloween episode every day of October.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Another name for cocktail sauce is dickbutt sauce
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ant-man could be in every shot of the new Captain America trailer and we wouldn't know
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Antarctica has the highest average IQ of any continent.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Antarctica only has northern coasts
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Antarctica probably has the highest average IQ of any continent
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anti smoking campaigns should just advertise 'Cigarettes don't even get you high'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anti vaxxers think it's worse to raise a kid with autism than to let a kid die of measles
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anti-piracy ads always insisted that "you wouldn't download a car", except I would absolutely download a car.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anti-vaccination people are more afraid of living with a kid with autism than they are of losing their child from an illness.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Antibiotics could be considered a performance enhancing drug at this year's Olympics.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Antivirus programs should be put into a 'Hunger Games' style combat, all installed on one PC and all told each other is a virus. The winner is the one still working.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ants have succesfully colonised all continents except, ironically, Antarctica.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Any amount of Oxygen is a lifetime supply of Oxygen
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Any animal that dies during hibernation, essentially dug their own grave.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Any dog can be a guide dog if you don't care where you're going.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Any drink with calories is an energy drink.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Any kid whose hs mascot was a falcon and graduated in 00 was a millennium falcon
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Any machine can be a smoke machine if you use it wrong enough.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Any machine is a smoke machine if you use it wrongly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Any of you could be my next door nieghbor.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Any salad can be a Caesar salad if you stab it enough.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Any salad is a Caesar salad if you stab it enough times
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Any salad is a Caesar salad if you stab it enough.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Any sex in space, no matter how badly it goes, would still be "out of this world."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Any vehicle that Tom Cruise drives is in cruise control
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anyone could die at any point because of any reason so there has probably been some point in your life where a simple decision has saved your life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anyone notice the irony behind "hyphenated" and "non-hyphenated"?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anyone on the internet who has a profile picture of an Anonymous mask is almost certainly not part of Anonymous
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anyone under 13 probably doesn't understand why we say hang up the phone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anyone who feels the need to point out that they're 'weird' is probably boring.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anyone who is wearing braces at the start of an apocalypse has a slim chance of ever getting them off
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anyone who might've invented time travel is dead &amp; floating out in space because we don't yet have space travel advanced enough to keep up with the movement of Earth over time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anyone who smokes can take multiple breaks in the work day to feed their addiction, but if I play ONE game of Hearthstone...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anyone who thinks that the word "dude" is not a gender-neutral pronoun is probably taking life too seriously.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anything can be a boomerang if you throw it directly upwards
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anytime I see a dog with 3 legs I feel really bad but then I realize he looks at me with 2 legs and I probably give him inspiration
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anytime my GF says "OMG I love this movie!", I know I'm about to watch a terrible movie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Anytime someone uses the phrase the "War on _______," they are almost certainly referring to something that's not an actual war.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Aperture Science is an allegory for Valve. They had an early, massive, innovative success, but are now so concerned about testing their product and making it absolutely perfect that they'll never release anything new.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	App idea... Hinder...tells you where Tinder matches are happening so you can show up to cock block.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Apparently there is a bipartisan push in the senate to legalize marijuana for arthritis treatment. So in other words, there's joint support for joint support for joint support.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Apple automatically updates to latest version - nobody bats an eyelid. Microsoft does it and everyone loses their mind.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Apple cars will be the first Apple product to use windows
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Apple has "air." Amazon has "fire." Google has "earth." I think Microsoft should create something called "water."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Apple has become the anthesis of their famous 1984 campaign.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Apple is the Starbucks of technology. Hugely popular, cheaply made, and everybody raves about it when it's not at all the best stuff on the market.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Apple is vain enough to capitalize Apple in my texts because they always think I'm talking about them and couldn't possibly be referencing the fruit humans have been eating for thousands of years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Apple isn't killing the headphone jack, people that are buying a phone with no headphone jack are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Apple sauce is just baby food that is socially acceptable for everyone to eat
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Apple should invent something like a cord that ties AirPods to iPhones so that they don't get lost.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Apple should respond to Google Glass with the iPatch
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Apple should temporarily change their logo back to the rainbow apple to support Tim Cook's decision to come out as gay.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Apple stores are better than Microsoft stores because the most expert and passionate Apple users work there, whereas the most passionate and expert Microsoft users have real tech jobs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Apple's iPhone is the reason I didn't feel the need to carry around a watch anymore. Now they want me to buy a watch.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	April 1st would be the worst day for a zombie outbreak to begin
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	April Fool's Day is the best day for a company to unveil a potentially controversial product. If people hate it, they can just claim it was a joke. If people love it, they can continue working on it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	April Fool's Day is the one day of the year when people critically evaluate news articles before accepting them as true.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Are Medusa's leg hairs tiny snakes?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Are Medusa's pubes also snakes??
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Are all the guys in a boy band singing about/to the same girl? If so, that's a little creepy and weird
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Are medusa's pubes snakes?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Are the people who don't signal on the road also the kind of the people who have communication issues in their own lives?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Are two icicles a bicycle?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Aren't all galaxies 'far far' away?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Aren't humans just a virus infecting and killing our host (Earth)? And once we colonize other planets, have we successfully gone airborne?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ariana Grande sounds like a Taco Bell combo meal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ariana Grande sounds like a font on Microsoft Word
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Around 95% of the toilet paper I use is just a buffer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Art is how we decorate space; music is how we decorate time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Artificial flavoring and synthetic ingredients are so common in our groceries that making a product with real food has become a marketing point
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As I get older, "your mom" jokes are getting more and more risky.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As I get older, I've realized that part of being an adult is being tired all the time and trying to find different ways to deal with it.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	As I get older, Milf porn becomes less gross and teen porn becomes more gross.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As I get older, birthday parties are less about presents and more about presence
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As I grow older, Calvin and Hobbes gets funnier, but Garfield gets worse.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As I lay in this bathtub, eating an upsetting amount of buffalo wings and watching Netflix on my laptop, I'm experiencing luxury greater than many kings of history have known. And yet, I still feel a little bit trashy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As I've got older, cereal has become less of a breakfast and more of a late night snack
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As I've grown older I've realized that Santa likes rich kids more than everyone else
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As Wolverine, Hugh Jackman is a huge, jacked man.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a 14 year old girl the funniest part of Reddit is imagining you all think I'm a grown man
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a 20 year old man I still don't feel confident enough to brush my teeth in the shirt I plan on wearing today.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a 30 year old father, I'm horrified that my parents were forced to raise me without Google.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a 30 year old, 50 year old people don't look as old as I imagined when I was a child.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a 55 year old male, I thought Ariana Grande was a font.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a Brit, I panic every year when I see Happy Mothers Day posts in May
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a British guy on Reddit, I've seen hundreds of pictures from the Superbowl, seen at least 2 of the adverts during the commercial breaks, seen clips of the half time show, and even know how much the drinks cost. But I still have no idea who won.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a California resident, I could save some water by thinking less in the shower
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a Canadian, America feels like an older brother that I continue to care about but he keeps on making questionable life choices and there's nothing I can do about it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a Canadian, when I'm with an American I subconsciously thicken my accent and say "sorry" and "eh" more to live up to the stereotype.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a Colorado native, I've only ever had sex a mile high. What I need to do is join the Sea Level club.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a Disney land worker, I wonder how many pictures of me in my costume are in random people's houses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a Japanese speaker, I have to take extra few seconds to force my brain to not treat ツ as an character when I read ¯\_(ツ)_/¯.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a Muslim, everytime some Muslim commits an act of terror I feel just like Professor X everytime Magneto/Brotherhood of Evil Mutants does something stupid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a Pink Floyd fan, nothing angers me quite as much as seeing a vegetarian eating pudding.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a bad speller, my goal is usually just to be close enough that the correct spelling appears in the suggestions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a bald, hairy man, I should probably shampoo my body and use body wash soap on my head.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	As a bartender I don't think twice about serving someone 8-10 rum and cokes over the course of a night, but if someone ordered 8-10 cokes, I would think, what the fuck is wrong with this guy?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	As a child "the BFG" always meant "the Big Friendly Giant". Then Doom came along. Ever since it's been "the Big Fucking Gun".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a child I never thought about race, gender, or religion until school and textbooks mentioned it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a child I spent 25 cents for about four minutes of an arcade game, but as an adult I won't pay $1 for a Mobile game I play for hours.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a child I was excited when the door bell rang...as an adult I pretend I'm not home.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a child I was told Wikipedia was an unreliable website and I should never use it. Now it's the first place I go when I need information.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a child, I couldn't believe adults knew so much. As an adult, I can't believe adults know so little.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a child, I never imagined that I would be attracted to butts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a child, I wanted to be an adult because of the freedoms it would give (R rated movies, drinking, driving, etc.) As an adult, I want to be a child because of the freedoms it would give (free time, no bills, sleeping in, etc.)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a child, I was always afraid of teenagers. As a teenager, I was afraid of other teenagers. As someone who has graduated high school, I am still afraid of teenagers. Teenagers will never not be scary.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a child, falling asleep in the car and being carried to bed was the most amazing thing in the world. Now, as a father, doing the same for my daughter is equally as amazing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a child, going to bed at 8PM feels like punishment. As an adult, going to bed at 8PM feels like a reward.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a child, the concept of having a favourite color seemed more important than it turned out to be.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a college senior, I can't wait until my net worth is finally $0
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a college student, I am never thankful enough to the individuals who go out of their way to put the latest edition of a textbook online for me to be able to pirate
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	As a cook everything I make turns to shit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a cop with a body camera, I can no longer make things like marijuana "disappear" and let you go with a warning, seeing as how all video is open to public records.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a cyclist I assume every driver wants to kill me. As a driver I assume every cyclist has a death wish.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a dishwasher, I come home after hours of work in which I get covered in filth, and I take a shower only to realize...I am the final dish
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a father I have realized that days are long and years are short.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a father of a 3 yo, I am probably the first generation that would rather find my teen child experimenting with marijuana over alcohol or cigarettes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a gamer, I look at someone's Steam game list instead of their Facebook profile to see what type of person they really are
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a gay guy, other gay guys are both potential romantic rivals and targets at the same time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a girl, I have taken for granted my whole life that we can't get awkward boners
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a graphic designer, my entire career exists because I was able to pirate Photoshop 10 years ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a guy I sometimes wish someone would ask me "Does the carpet match the drapes?" So I can tell them there is no carpet only hard wood.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	As a husband with kids, our entire family has been in my wife's vagina.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid I could never get my hands on a fast food meal and as an adult I can never get my hands on a home cooked meal
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid I hated getting grounded, now I get upset when I have to leave the house
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid I hated my common, boring name. Today, I love that no one can Google me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid I thought being able to perfectly reproduce my signature would be much a bigger deal than it actually is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid I thought summer was by far the best season. As an adult it is by far the worst.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid I thought that being able to read minds would be awesome. As an adult I think that it would be somewhere between emotionally damaging and downright terrifying.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid I used to think of "kicked the bucket" as a tame way to state somebody died. I just realized as an adult it signifies kicking the bucket from underneath your feet that is keeping you alive before you hang yourself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid I was taught to stop, drop, and roll like getting caught on fire would be a frequent part of my life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid I would brag about staying up past 11. As an adult I brag about getting to sleep before 11.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid I would have loved to have $100 in my bank account. Now as an adult I get scared when I have $100 in my bank account.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid the movie Groundhog Day seemed utterly unrealistic. As an adult working the same 9-5 for years it's the most realistic snapshot of life I've ever seen
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid, I got lectured for only doing the bare minimum to complete a task. As an engineer, I get paid to do just that.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid, I had absolutely no idea that my favourite thing as an adult would be doing nothing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid, I had to be careful not to curse around adults. Now as an adult, I have to be careful not to curse around kids.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	As a kid, I saw Gordon Ramsey as an asshole who yells at people for not being perfect. As an adult, I see Gordon Ramsey as a prime example of a person dedicated to his craft.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid, I thought "Stop, drop and roll" was going to be a much more important part of my adult life than it turned out to be.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid, I thought America seemed ancient and eternal. Now I realize that America is only 238 years old and could collapse at any time just like the Roman Empire.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid, I was careful not to curse around adults. Now as an adult, I'm careful not to curse around kids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid, doing nothing was a punishment. As an adult, doing nothing is a reward.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid, getting too big for your clothes is exciting and good. As an adult, it's depressing and awful.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid, if I was in trouble or my parents did something I didn't like, I would say to myself, "I will never do that to my kids." Now as a parent, I can't remember what I am supposed to do differently.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid, mail addressed to me usually meant I was getting money. As an adult, it usually means I owe someone money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid, nothing excited me more than seeing a McDonalds PlayPlace. As an adult, nothing disgusts me more than seeing a McDonalds PlayPlace
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a kid, this time of year always filled my wallet. As an adult, the opposite has become true.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a left-hander, I take for granted the fact that i can scroll my mouse with my right hand and take notes with my left
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	As a lonely man, I wish I could also masturbate my heart.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a male I've received so much cologne over the years as gifts that I've never had to buy any myself. I've let other people decide how I should smell.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a male in my late 20's, it's a bigger relationship step to hold hands with a girl in public than to be sleeping together
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a man, the less attracted I am to a woman I'm having sex with, the longer I last with her and the more I'm able to please her.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	As a married man, I don't randomly honk my wife's boobs nearly as often as 14 year old me thought I would.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	As a married man, NSFW in my mind means Not Safe For Wife.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a middle-aged white guy, if I ever lost my dog by an elementary school I'd have to consider it gone forever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a minimum-wage cashier, I've probably physically touched more money than our country's richest people
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a non-American, watching American TV I don't even notice their accent, but in real life the exact same accent is extremely noticeable.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a paramedic, I'll be one of the first to be bitten in a zombie apocalypse
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a parent I would be less concerned about what my son downloads from Internet than what my daughter uploads on it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a person who visits Reddit a normal amount of time, I rarely notice reposts. People who complain about seeing reposts over and over are basically admitting they have a problem
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	As a plumber I am genuinely confused by the porn industry's misconception of my profession's sex appeal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a pregnant woman, my body contains eight limbs, and therefore this is the closest I'll ever be to being a spider....
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a programmer, I am more concerned when my code works perfectly the first time than when it doesn't
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a programmer, my job is to explain to machines what humans want them to do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a redditor who doesn't play fallout I feel like a 1%er.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a retail employee, I can't think of a more cruel method of torture as listening to the same fifteen songs for fifty hours a week at an unreasonable wage.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a single guy, my heated passenger seat in my car is a takeout warmer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a straight dude, I'm totally pumped to watch some Gay Divorce Court.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a straight male, I sincerely hope that every man who is better looking than me is gay.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a student, $1000 is both almost no money at all, and yet so much money, at the same time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a student, there is nothing better than finally finishing a project, then being able to close out all of the tabs in my browser related to that project.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a teen, I was told not to trust anyone on the Internet, not to add everyone on Facebook, and not to be stupid online. Now, I'm telling my parents the same things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a teenager the funniest part of reddit is remembering that most of you are adults.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a teenager, when I said "I don't have the money" it's because I literally couldn't cover it out of my checking account. As an adult, it means I can't realistically fathom spending the money that I actually have.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a teenager, you look for every excuse to drive. As an adult, you look for every excuse not to drive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a twenty-something. I have no concept of what my parents were like at my age. My future children however will have gigabytes of evidence of what I was like.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a very slim, small person, I like to think people believe they hit the jackpot when I choose to sit next to them on a plane.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a woman hanging out on reddit, I get to read the kind of conversations that men had only in pubs and locker rooms outside of female company fifty years ago.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	As a woman pregnant with a baby boy, I'm literally growing a penis
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As a woman, when I say "my partner" people assume I mean my business partner. When my husband says "my partner" people assume he is gay.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As adults, we are just trying to return to the days of our early childhood. We want to eat when we are hungry, sleep when we are tired, play when we are bored, never have to worry about money, and be loved unconditionally.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As an Adult I think about running away way more then I ever did as a kid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As an American, I sometimes find it funny the way British people pronounce things. Until I realize that they invented the language and I'm the one that should be laughed at.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As an American, it's nice to see that another country is the laughing stock of the world for a change.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As an adult I don't procrastinate; I just straight out ignore my responsibilities.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As an adult on reddit I have to remind myself that I'm oftentimes arguing with teenagers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As an adult, I can quite literally do whatever I want to, but I always end up wanting to just go home.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	As an adult, I no longer masturbate because I'm horny. It's either to relieve stress or because im bored.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As an adult, I'll receive a £300 bill for the front tooth that I lost. As a kid, I would receive £2 for every tooth that I lost. These were no gifts. The Tooth Fairy is a Loan Shark.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As an adult, I'm not eating nearly as much ice cream as 10 year old me thought I would.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	As an adult, my penis is the closest thing I have to the little red devil that stood on shoulders and whispered terrible advice in to cartoon character's ears.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As an adult, the beer aisle at the grocery makes me feel exactly like the cereal aisle made me feel as a kid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As an adult, you can literally do what ever you want to do, I always end up wanting to just go home.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As an early 90's child, I'm really glad that a 6 to 15-year-old me couldn't post my thoughts all over the Internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As an hourly-paid worker, I am literally paying for the crap I buy with hours of my life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As an introvert it seems so pointless to hate people for their race, religion, or sexual orientation. Get to know them instead, and you'll find there are literally hundreds of other, perfectly valid reasons to hate them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As cars become quieter and more electric, crossing the street will become even more dangerous
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	As far as my penis knows I'm getting laid 2-3 times a day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As kids, we're told talking to yourself is crazy. As an adult, talking to myself is one of the few things that keeps me sane.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As long as you don't have kids, your 30s are like your 20s but with money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As marijuana is legalized, someone is going to be the last person jailed for selling pot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As more people turn to internet steaming over cable, Netflix needs to adopt an Emergency Broadcast System.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As most people are buried in suits, the zombie apocalypse would be a rather formal affair.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As my kids grow up, they will initially associate the word "Amazon" with an online store and not a rain forest in South America.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As someone in Scotland, it feels like England is being the friend who got way too drunk and got us kicked out of the club.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As someone who doesnt drink, and also has a weakness for redheads, I can accurately say that "I like my women like I like my ale: Ginger".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As someone who is not religious, I say the words "Jesus Christ" more than someone who is
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As someone who was born well after Nixon's Presidency, I have learned more about him through Futurama than anything else.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As someone who wears glasses, I'm so glad 3D televisions never caught on.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As someone with a bad memory, I wish I could Google things that happened in my life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As someone with depression dying for someone is nothing. Living for someone is harder than anything.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As the mom of a 5 year old, I don't understand why all ELI5 answers aren't "Because I said so."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	As time passes, more and more people will believe "That '70s Show" was made in the '70s.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ashley Madison is about to become a dating website for divorced people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ashtray is just Pig Latin for Trash.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Asking a quiet person why they're being so quiet is the equivalent of telling angry person to calm down
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Asking for someone's name is just asking what noise you should make to attract their attention
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Asking for someone's name is weird... Basically: "What noise should I make to get your attention?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Asking someone "where are you" is a recent thing. Before we had mobile phones, the only way we could talk to people is if we knew where they were.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Asking someone a question used to be a good way to start a conversation. Now that we can just "google it", I almost feel like asking someone a question makes me look lazy or weird for not having just searched for it on the internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Askreddit is like my wife. Ask one simple harmless question and recieve and angry torrent of abuse and negative criticisms.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Astronauts are about to eat food grown in space. Technology has looped far enough around to make farming an astonishing achievement yet again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At 11:11:11 on 11/11/1111 no one had a clock accurate enough to care
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At 27.44mph top speed, it is illegal for Usain Bolt to run in a school zone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At 31, I am older than every dog in the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At 36 years old, I am older then Al Bundy was at the start of Married with Children. When watching the show as a kid, I always thought he was an old loser. I fear what that means I am.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At 4:16 p.m. and 16 seconds today, the date and time will be: 1/6/16 16:16:16.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	At 5.5", the new iPhone will be bigger than the dicks of 50% of the men who own one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At a 27.44mph top speed, it is illegal for Usain Bolt to run in a school zone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At a certain age, Halloween stops being about candy and starts being about eye candy.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	At age 25 if a friend tells me they're pregnant I don't know whether to say "oh shit!" Or "congratulations!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At age 30, you've spent a month having birthdays.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At any given moment it is entirely possible that I have already triggered the chain of events that ultimately leads to my death.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At debates they should just mute the mic of the candidate who's not supposed to be speaking
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At first everything was Cool, then we were all Sick. Things started to get Hot until mixtapes caught Fire. Now everything is Lit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At first, the Lochte story confirmed my negative stereotype of Brazil, but in truth it confirmed negative stereotypes of Americans
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At his maximum speed, Usain Bolt legally cannot sprint through a school zone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At least Stephen Hawking can have a conversation with his dentist during a cleaning
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At least three people won the Powerball, I belive that there should only be one winner. I say we put the three winners into a pit and make them fight until only survives, we can put it on PPV and call it PowerBrawl...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At night I have all this motivation to get my life together and become a better person but then in the morning I'm just like "Nah"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At one point I was the youngest being in the entire universe and at another point will be the next being to die.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At one point in history there was someone who was the first to shoot a human with a gun and kill them. They were literally the first person shooter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At one point in my life I shifted from using my weekdays to recover from my weekend to using my weekend to recover from my week.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At one point in my life, I was exactly pi years old.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At one point in out lives we became self aware, but we were too young to understand the gravity of that event.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At one time or another, you have ALL tried using the force only to disappoint yourself and confirm the fact you aren't a jedi.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	At some point before Andy went off to college, Woody, Buzz, and the gang must have seen him savagely masturbate
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	At some point in history, a mosquito has to have bitten into a pimple and thought "What the fuck is this?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At some point in my life someone has probably seen me and thought "Well... at least I'm not that guy"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At some point in my life, I will unknowingly pose for the picture that will be used at my funeral
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At some point in the future paralympics will be better than olympics due of biotechnology
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	At some point in the future, some parents are going to walk in on their kid masturbating while immersed in VR, and he's just going to keep going.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At some point in the future, when people show pictures of their ancestors, they won't be grainy sepia photographs, they will be HD selfies from their Facebook profiles
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	At some point you stop wiping and say "Fuck it, that's as clean as my ass is going to get today"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At some point, Reddit will be the next Yahoo or AOL, and only old people will use it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At the age of 28, my expected lifetime remaining is around 63%. When I see my phones battery at 63%, I feel like its almost dead.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At the end of each day, life should ask us whether we want to 'save changes'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At the end of my life one of my legs will have walked further than the other but I will never know which one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At the store I can exchange legal tender for chicken tender
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At this point the phrase "beating a dead horse" should be replaced with "beating a dead gorilla"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	At this point, the Grand Theft Auto games would be far more controversial if they let you play as a law enforcement officer
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	At this very moment, someone you greatly admire may be taking a shit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Atheist say "Oh my God!" because they find the situation unbelievable.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Attractiveness is the sole difference between being "dark and mysterious" or "that weird guy in the corner that doesn't talk much".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Auctioneers are proof white people can rap if they try hard enough.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Authors probably don't even intend half of the symbolism and "deeper meaning" that you have to find in literature classes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	AutoCorrect should have options such as "I intend to swear.", "I have a large lexicon." and "I regularly use technical words."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Autocorrect probably thinks there's an epidemic of people who have trouble spelling "duck".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Automatic garage door openers should have carbon monoxide detectors to help prevent suicide.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Avogadro makes mole. Avocados make guacamole.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	BMW could save money by not installing turn indicators, and nobody would notice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	BMW drivers have a bad reputation, but I get cut off by a Chevy pickup with a Marine Corps decal on the back at least once a day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Babies are just a parasitic STD that, after 9months of sucking on a woman's nutrients, grows strong enough to leave the womb and instead feed on your financial resources.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Babies cry a lot because any little discomfort is literally the worst thing they ever felt in their life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Babies cry all the time because the worst thing that's ever happened to them, happens on a regular basis.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Babies cry over little things, because everything bad that happens to them, is literally the worst thing that's ever happened.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Baby Boomers were the generation of rebellion yet cant handle that their children dont want to live the way they did.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Baby names aren't actually baby names, they are just 'names'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Baby-boomers have become the people that they protested against in the 60s
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Babysitters are just teenagers who act like adults so adults can go out and act like teenagers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Babysitting is a way for teenagers to feel like adults while adults go out to feel like teenagers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Back to the future should be remade every 30 years, with the exact same plot except all the cultural references updated. That way every generating can reflect on what is was like and how we thought the future would be.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bacon and eggs is a day's work for a chicken and a lifetime achievement for a pig.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bacteria multiply by dividing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bagels are merely a vehicle to get cream cheese into my mouth
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bags of cat food should come with cat toys inside like cereal boxes for children.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bags of pet food should come with a toy inside.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Band aid packages should be engineered to be opened with one hand as in most cases you will only have one hand free
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bank robbers probably find out how much money they have stolen by watching the TV instead of counting it all out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Banks should issue an "anti-PIN" for debit and credit cards that serves as a distress signal and signifies that the cardholder is under coercion.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Barack Obama could be ejaculating right now
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Barack Obama's ama should have been titled "obAMA"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Barn owls must have been stoked when the barn was finally invented.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bars should have an area for designated drivers so all the sober people can hang out with each other
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Based off the amount of people who seem to actually use their turn signals when driving, it's a good thing that reverse lights turn on automatically.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Based on genital structure men should really be the ones wearing skirts and women should be wearing pants.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Based on genital structure, skirts should really be worn by men and pants by women.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Basically, all pets have Stockholm Syndrome. We keep them locked up until they love us.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bathroom graffiti was the original 4chan.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bathrooms should play loud music so nervous pooers don't need to worry about being heard
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bathrooms that only have air dryers and no paper towels make me want to wash my hands less
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bathtubs are just reverse boats...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Batman is a 1 percenter beating up the mentally ill.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Batman is a good name for a man who sees via echolocation, Daredevil is a great name for a billionaire vigilante
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Batman only fights crime at night because otherwise he would have weird and obvious tan lines.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Batman still lives at home in his parents basement
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Batman v Superman should have been 2 movies released at the same time, but from each perspective.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Batman's parents got killed when he was lil Wayne
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bats must be like angels to rats
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Battlefield 1 should honor the Christmas Truce of World War I by disabling all weapons on Christmas day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Battleship is just a two person bingo.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Be skeptical. Tomorrow will be April Fools Day, so you should be wary of news reports because many will be lies intended to trick you. You should also be wary of news reports on the other 364 days because many will be lies intended to trick you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bear Grylls should reboot Man Vs. Wild with one twist, Gordon Ramsay accompanies him and he cooks delicious food out of what Bear brings him.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bear Grylls should take the spoiled rich kids from MTV's My Super Sweet 16 to live in the wild and name the show "Grylls Scouts"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Beatboxers must be really good at demonstrating the noise their car has been making when they bring it to a mechanic.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Beavis and Butt-head are known for being 2 of the biggest imbeciles in society, but in reality they're 2 orphaned teenaged boys trying to finish high school while maintaining a full time job and paying all their bills/rent.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because I have to bribe my dog to take her medication she probably thinks peanut butter has healing properties.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because I only take my dog to awesome places like the beach and the dog park, he must think that, every time I leave the house alone, I play by myself at the beach and the dog park.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because I'm dating the identical twin of one of my coworkers, I can't tell my friends at work how hot my date is without sexually harassing a colleague by extension.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Because not everyone has a penis, I have an above average number of penises.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because of One-child policy, uncles and aunts will soon be a rare thing in China.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because of Tinder, it's easier for me to meet women on my toilet than at a bar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because of blinking, I've never seen the entirety of any film.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because of incessant advertising, most American 10 year olds have heard of Erectile Dysfunction.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because of inflation the five dollar milkshake from Pulp Fiction doesn't seem so expensive now.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Because of internet porn, I've probably seen more naked women than three generations of my ancestors combined.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because of muscle memory, I think I would forget some passwords if I lost my hands.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Because of my cancer, any room I enter will then usually have an odd number of testicles present.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because of the internet, Ahmed Mohamed actually blew up.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Because of the large amounts of amateur porn on the internet, someone in the future will unknowingly masturbate to a video of their own grandparents.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Because of the nude photo scandal the FBI are currently actual 'Female Boob Inspectors'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because of the rapid pace of innovation, the first people to leave our planet to settle a distant solar system, might not be the first to arrive there
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because of time zone differences, New Year's eve day is like people doing "the wave" on a global scale.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because telescopes work using mirrors, we will never know if space is full of space vampires.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because telescopes work using mirrors, we'll never know if there are any space vampires.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Because the internet wasn't around when I was in highschool. Going to a class reunion is pretty much facing 90% of the girls face to face that I masturbated to as a teenager.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because the platypus both lays eggs and produces milk, it is one of the few animals that can make its own custard.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because there's a period of my life I'm too young to remember, my older siblings have known me longer than I've known myself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because they're loud and heavily-perfumed, Abercrombie &amp; Fitch stores are ideal spots for farting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Because we have salt in our sweat, by sweating when we're afraid, we're really just seasoning ourselves for predators to eat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Becoming an adult feels like slowly being put into a managerial position you didn't really want
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Becoming an adult is watching Home Alone and wondering how the parents afforded the house.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bed, Bath and Beyond would be a great name for a brothel
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Beds are chargers for humans
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bedtime is so metal. I'm currently brushing the exposed bits of my skeleton so they don't get destroyed by tiny creatures in my sleep, then I'll turn off all the lights and lie in the silent dark for 8 hours.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Beef Jerky is essentially just a cow raisin
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Beef Jerky is like a meat raisin.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Beef jerky is a meat raisin
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Beef jerky is like a cow raisin
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Beef jerky is sort of like a cow raisin.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Been playing D&amp;D since I was a kid and some adults were concerned I couldn't tell fantasy from reality. The same adults tried to get me into religion.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Before I die, I should chug popcorn kernels before getting cremated
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Before I die, want to hire some people to come to my funeral dressed in suits and sunglasses and do some like bizarre salute when they leave so people think I lived like a cool second life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Before I was born, I was just a man trapped in a woman's body.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Before cameras, no-one had ever seen themselves with their eyes closed.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Before people knew what allergies were, whenever someone died from one bee sting, everyone must have thought they were just a giant pussy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Before record players, no one had sex to music without seriously weirding out the musicians.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Before the camera was invented, nobody had ever really seen what they looked like with their eyes closed.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Before video games the statement "Fuck I died" was probably never said by anyone
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Behind every pornstar is at least ten people from their high school that "Totally fucking called it."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being "up for pizza," "down for pizza," or "in for pizza," all mean that you're "on board for pizza."
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Being God must be awesome. You can ignore prayers and no one gets pissed. Then when something positive happens you get the credit!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being KO is pretty much the opposite of being OK.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being New to Reddit kinda feels like going to a party where everyone knows each other, and you're just standing outside the circle waiting to say something to make everyone laugh and be welcomed in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being a Canadian is confusing at times because you sound like an American, write like a Brit and throw in just enough French words to freak everyone out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being a professor at Hogwarts sounds highly prestigious until you realize you're still just a high school/middle school teacher
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being a reckless driver is bad, but being a wreckless driver is good.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being a redditor feels like being a time-traveller, All the famous posts that I've already seen weeks back are now showing up on my Facebook newsfeed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being a sexual partner of mine is a more exclusive club than being President of the United States.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being a teenager is the awkward stage where you like adults more than the kids, but the kids like you more than the adults do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being a worm must be awesome. It's like "man, that dirt was great, I wish there was more." And there always is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being able to kill one bird with one stone doesn't get enough credit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being able to scratch my balls as thoroughly and as often as I wanted (in public) would be a seriously underrated perk of telekinesis.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being an adult is realizing that $5,000 is a lot of money to owe and very little money to own.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being an adult now, in hindsight, I've realized "cool parents" are just bad parents.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being an introvert, I've had more thoughts about how I would have a conversation than actually having a conversation
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being an only child is third wheeling your parents for life.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Being attracted to women or men who wear glasses is the one fetish for the disabled that is socially acceptable
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Being attracted to your own flacid penis would be the worst fetish ever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being awake is exhausting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being bored on Reddit is basically saying that you can't even be entertained by the combined efforts of a billion people
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being born in 1994, there was never a span in my life in which it would have been creepy for me to be attracted to Emma Watson
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being born into your parent's religion is the first time you agree to terms and conditions without reading them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being born is a death sentence
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being born is the first time I did something for the last time and dying will be the last time I do something for the first time
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being born wealthy is like getting an RPG video game with a preexisting save file that has already beaten the game and has all the best armor and weapons.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being completely naked feels less naked than being naked with shoes on.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being described as "The Last of My Name" is way cooler than "an only child"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being fat is a problem that you can literally run away from.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being forced to watch an ad in order to watch an ad for a movie is aggravatingly ironic.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being gilded by someone in /r/Frugal seems like it's more of an accomplishment than usual.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being good because Santa Claus is coming to town is the opposite of being good for goodness' sake.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being healthy only means you are dying as slow as possible
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being high in front of your parents, is like doing the best impression of yourself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being in love is the easiest way to have sex with the most beautiful woman in the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being old means referring to 3AM as "really early" instead of "really late".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being on reddit means you're too weird for Facebook, but not weird enough for 4chan
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being paid minimum wage is like playing life on hard.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being polite is so rare these days that its often confused with flirting.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Being poor is really fucking expensive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being pregnant is like saving up 9 months worth of periods for one massive cramp filled and bloody mega period that ends with a baby.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being single and on the "Market", I am finding out that the market is flooded with defectives, recalls and safety concerns.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being the son of a small town gynecologist would be the worst.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being told over and over to "stay in school" is the only reason it ever occurred to me that I could choose not to stay in school.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being trapped in a room of Helium would be a dark yet very comedic way to die.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being ugly is cool, because then you know people like you for your personality
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being underwater is a cruel joke. You can fly, but you can't breathe.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Being unique is so common that twins are interesting to us.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Belt loops are like belts for a belt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Belt loops are like belts for your belt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Belts are gross. They're the first thing we touch after using the toilet and nobody ever washes them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ben &amp; Jerry's should hire a mascot called Scoop Dogg to promote their new cannabis ice-cream
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ben and Jerry's should make an ice cream with chocolate dinosaur bones that you can dig up with your spoon
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Benedict Cumberbatch is the only man in history to play Sherlock Holmes who has a name sillier than "Sherlock Holmes"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Benjamin Button was born a baby sized old man, so it doesn't make sense he died as a regular baby. He should have been an old man sized baby.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Best thing about the Panama Papers scandal so far is that its name doesn't end in "gate".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bethesda should have waited to announce Fallout 4's release until the day of. With the ad campaign of "You never know when a nuclear bomb might go off."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Betty White has been an old lady for my entire life, and I am 33.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Between "South Park", "Rick and Morty", "Archer", etc., I watch more cartoons now than I did as a kid.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Between a drunk person and a sober person, if one of their cars gets fucked by the other, the drunk one gets arrested. But if one of them gets fucked by the other, the sober one gets arrested.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Between my drinking, language, and having sex with my wife, my life would be rated R.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Between pens and lighters, Bic is making a fortune off of people losing their products.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Between the coffee and the cocaine, it looks like the mission of Colombia is to wake up the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Big supermarkets should have baskets placed around the store for that moment when I realize I can't carry another thing and should have got a basket
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bill Cosby being a gynecologist in The Cosby Show makes a whole lot of sense all of a sudden.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Bill Cosby has more rape accusers than I have consensual sex partners.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bill Gates and I have a combined fortune of around 80 billions of dollars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bill Gates has about $6 for every year the universe has existed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bill Gates should change his name to Trill Gates if he becomes a trillionaire.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bill Nye's recent spike in popularity is due to the generation of kids who watched his videos in grade school coming to power.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bill O'Reilly could replace Jon Stewart on the Daily show, saying the same stuff he says on Fox but with a laughter track
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bill gates buying a 1 million dollar house is equivalent to someone who makes $70,000 a year buying a 6 dollar item.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bing's top search is probably "google".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Binge watching a TV show for 8 hours is more socially acceptable then playing a videogame for 2 hours.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Birth Certificates are just receipts for human beings.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Birth control pills should be for men, it makes more sense to unload the gun than to shoot at a bulletproof vest.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Birthday presents are rewards for not dying that year
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Birthday sex is celebrating exiting a vagina by entering one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Birthday sex is like having celebratory sex because your parents had sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bisexual girls could alternatively be called "more-or-less-bians"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Black metal is probably the whitest genre of music on earth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Blaming Snowden for causing distrust in government is like blaming a fire alarm for starting a fire.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Blankets don't make us warm, we make blankets warm.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Blind kids can stay up reading under the covers and their parents can't ever tell
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Blind people could use a glue stick as a higlighter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Blind people don't turn the lights on at night, they just walk around in the dark.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Blind people dont need to buy light bulbs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Blink-182 is a bunch of guys in their 40's, singing to an audience in their 20's about being a teenager
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Blood I've donated in the past could be in someone's boner right now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Blood is thicker than water but maple syrup is thicker than blood so technically pancakes are more important than family.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Blue + yellow = green. Water + Sun = plants.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Blues singer Buddy Guy has the most Canadian-sounding name ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bobby Flay should have a daughter and name her Sue.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bodies are weird. I can run, jump, wakeboard, do cartwheels, play piano, and type 90 words per minute, but if I brush my teeth with the wrong hand it's like time slows down while my brain tries to process what the actual hell is going on
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Books have covers specifically so we can judge them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Books replaced tablets over a thousand years ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Books should be numbered downward instead of upwards, so you would know how many pages were left.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Booty call and butt dial use synonyms but mean completely different things
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Born too late to explore the world, born too early to explore the galaxy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Both "k's" on the word "knock" are useless.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Both 10 AM and 12 AM come before 11 AM
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Botox could be considered a performance enhancing drug for poker players
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie getting divorced would be great marketing for a Mr. &amp; Mrs. Smith 2.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Brad Pitt has fought all three World Wars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Brains are to people what people are to cars
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Brake lights should get brighter depending on how hard the person ahead of you is breaking.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Bras are actual booby traps.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Breaking Bad could have aired in the year 2000. Walter White never once uses a computer, Jesse Pinkman uses a flip phone, and videos are shared between characters through DVDs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Breaking Bad was an epic PSA urging us to pay educators more.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Britain is the Leeroy Jenkins of Europe right now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Broth is like meat tea
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Browsing Netflix has become like opening the fridge for a snack: look through, leave, lower standards, go back, repeat until something looks good enough.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Browsing Reddit has made me so accustomed to instant gratification that I find myself annoyed when I click something that turns out to be YouTube link.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Browsing Reddit when bored is like the virtual version of checking the refrigerator
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Browsing reddit is like a TV guide for what's coming up on the next few days on Facebook
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bruce Banner is the only man who increases the size of his carbon footprint when he goes green.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bruce Wayne could do a lot more to fight crime in Gotham City by funding youth programs with his immense wealth instead of dressing up like a bat and dishing out vigilante justice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bruce Wayne's parents being murdered was the best thing that ever happened to Gotham
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bruce Willis needs to age a bit more so Old Habits Die Hard can be filmed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bubbles underwater are the opposite of rain.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Buck and doe are both terms for deer. Buck and dough are both terms for cash.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Buffering is our generation's static
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Building a computer is like putting together a really expensive Lego set that you will eventually use to masturbate
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bullets are one of a few things that only do their job AFTER they're fired.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bullets are the only things that do their job only after they are fired.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bumper cars is a terrible way to introduce driving to kids
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bungee jumping is all the thrills of suicide, but none of the commitment
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bunkbeds are essentially shelves for people
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Burger King employees should be called Burger Knights.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Burglars must hate baby-proofed houses. Trying to rummage through drawers and cabinets? Can't get them opened more than an inch. Television bolted to the wall. Trying to sneak stealthily from room to room? Goddamn baby gates.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Bushing your teeth is the only time you clean your skeleton
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Butt dial and booty call are so similar, but so different
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Butterfinger should host a bowl game, and invite the two teams that had the most fumbles during the regular season.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Buttplugs are reverse pacifiers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Buy 1 pizza and feed yourself for a day, but buy two pizzas and feed yourself for a day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Buying a new computer online is like making your current one dig its own grave.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Buying a wallet is like trading your books for a shelf.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Buying an airline ticket is like paying shipping and handling for yourself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Buying hardcover copies of new books should come with a digital eBook code the way buying Blu-rays comes with a digital download.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Buying someone reddit gold is like walking around in a store with your buddies and giving the manager $4 when your friend says something particularly funny or insightful.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Buzz Aldrin's dad once shot a load that made its way to the moon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Buzzfeed employees have the perfect job: they get paid to browse Reddit all day
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Buzzfeed must be having a hard time finding new content since Reddit is currently overtaken with 'fat' posts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Buzzfeed will make an article on Asian people wearing English words within the week
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	By going out in public, you're trusting hundreds or thousands of people to not kill you
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	By having sex, you are continuing your family's oldest tradition.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	By illegally downloading music, I'm actually encouraging my favorite artists to go on tour.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	By killing spiders you see near you, you are allowing only the sneaky spiders to breed, creating an evolved species of super sneaky spiders that you won't see coming for you.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	By midday browsing Reddit just becomes a game of Which Unclicked Link Sounds the Least Shitty.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	By slapping mosquitoes, we are weeding out the slow, weak ones that we can hit so that the faster ones can breed
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	By the end of the night browsing Reddit just becomes a game of Which Unclicked Link Sounds the Least Shitty.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	By the end of this century people will start looking up their ancestors on Facebook.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	By the time artificial intelligence will know how to pass the Turing Test, it will also know how to fail it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	By typing "HEY, YOUR FOOD IS READY" here, there's a good chance I just helped someone out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	By writing this sentence, I have become a small part of your world
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	CNN used to blame video games for mass shootings. Now we blame CNN for reporting on the shooters.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	CPR is the human equivalent of punching/slamming/hitting a machine until it starts working again
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	CPR is the human version of blowing in a videogame cartridge and hoping it'll work again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Caffeine is the only drug I'm addicted to, but my nation's drug policy tries to convince me that my occasional use of marijuana and LSD are the real problem.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cake is just gay bread.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	California should be banned from posting to this subreddit until the drought is over.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Californians don't dress like 1840s gold miners. Virginians don't wear powdered wigs like their ancestors. Floridians don't dress like Conquistadors. So why do Texans dress like cowboys?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Call of Duty games will continue to progress through history until the point at which we're basically playing Halo
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Call of Duty releases a marginally similar game each year and is reviled. Pokemon releases the exact same game every time, which you need to buy 2 of to get all the pokemon, and is universally beloved.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Calling a girl a bitch implies she's being aggressive, but calling a guy a bitch implies he's being passive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Calling an infant 'tender and mild' makes it sound like a chicken wing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Calling yourself a hacker for executing a DDoS is like calling yourself a lock picker because you blew up a door with dynamite.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Camouflage is essentially America's Away colors.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Camping is fun as long as it's optional.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Can Chewbacca even say Chewbacca? Shouldn't his name be something like Rawwwraaraar?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Can orphans watch PG films?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Can the Pope bless all the water in the world or does he have an effective blessing range to make it Holy Water?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Can vampires read, or do all the lowercase t's make it impossible?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Can we all just take a moment to appreciate that Google is free
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Can we crowdfund Mike Tyson to win Martin Shkreli "one punch in the face" auction?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Can we please collectively change the name from hoverboards, to segboards? You know, cuz its like a fucking segway?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Can we start calling Walruses: Saber Tooth Seals?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Can we take a moment to appreciate the fact that the two most revered scientists in the world today are a Black man and a quadriplegic man? The world still has its problems, but that's pretty damn cool.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Can't a Knight in dirty armor be just as, if not more, heroic than a Knight in shining armor? In fact, a Knight in shining armor probably didn't do much fighting and is probably a coward anyways.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Canada and the US should just combine their independence days into one four-day binge drinking, fireworks, and bbq bonanza.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Canada is 50% the letter A
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Canada is 50% the letter A, but it is abbreviated CND
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Canadians are extremely polite because they are trying to make up for Canadian geese being such dicks
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Canadians are so polite because they fill their geese with hatred, spite, and malice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Candlelit dinners weren't so special before the light bulb was invented.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Candy corn is made from high fructose corn syrup. Probably the most accurate use of corn syrup.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cannibalism could potentially solve both world hunger and overpopulation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cannibalism holds the potential to solve both hunger and overpopulation problems.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cannibalism would fix hunger problems and overpopulation at the same time
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cannibals actually are what they eat
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Captain America teaches children that steroids make you more attractive and better at fighting evil
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Captain America would probably be unintentionally sexist and racist, due to attitudes when he was frozen
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Car brake lights should get brighter the harder the driver is using the brakes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Car companies should periodically produce replicas of iconic cars with EXACTLY the same exterior design specifications but modern internal engineering and instruments.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Car headlights should flash at the same time the horn is pressed to alert people with hearing difficulties.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Car horns should all be tuned to one diatonic scale so that during traffic jams it would make an amazing improvised concert of horns instead of the usual cacophony.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Car horns should only be allowed to be in pitches C, E, and G, so whenever two people honk at the same time it will be in harmony and traffic jams will sound like symphonies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Carrot juice is technically also orange juice
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cars can drive themselves, phones are voice activated, and I can pay for groceries with my phone-- but elevators still don't have a "cancel" button.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cars should come with a friendly horn and an angry horn.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cars should have "sorry" lights you can activate when you do something stupid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cars should have a light on either side to indicate to other drivers which way you plan to turn.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cars should have two horns: One is a "nice" one, the other is a "mean" one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cars with automatic braking would suck in a zombie apocalypse
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cartoons made me think dog catchers were super common, but now I'm pretty sure they don't even exist
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cartoons with no dialogue like Tom and Jerry require no cultural or language translation for children anywhere in the world
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cash Cab should have a version where they pick up drunks from the bar at 2 am
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cashcab would be so much better if they picked up drunk contestants trying to go home.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Casinos should play monopoly with actual money
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Catcalling a woman is about as effective as calling a cat
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Caterpillars have mastered beauty sleep
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Catholic sex ed claims abstinence is 100% effective birth control, but it didn't even work for Mary
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cats are the type of animal that, if they could, they would correct your grammar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cats dominate the internet, rather than dogs, because dog-people have to go out more often.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Cats have no fucking idea they're on the Internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cats probably think we are cleaning our ice cream
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cats were the first animal to dominate the internet because everyone with dogs were outside playing with them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ceiling fans are really just helicopters who gave up on their dreams and opted for an office job...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Celebrities can check each others' relationship status with Wikipedia rather than Facebook.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Celebrities should adopt pets from shelters and then offload them onto normal people who would take them because they were previously owned by a celebrity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Celebrities should hire paparazzi to harass paparazzi and publish it all in their own faux celebrity gossip magazine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cell phones should have an extra 'End Call' button that sounds like a handset being slammed down into the telephone cradle so the person on the other end of the line knows it is SO OVER.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cellphones should have 2 passwords for unlock, one which would be for you and unrestricted.. the other would be for you parents/friends that wouldn't show awkward applications/photos
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cemeteries would be way more interesting if they put the cause of death on the headstone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Centaurs have two rib cages
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Certain women won't date a guy who lives with his mom, but will date a guy who lives with his wife.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Chanting "ONE MORE SONG" at the end of a band's set is nice. Doing it in the middle of their set is mean.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Characters in the Star Wars universe are completely unaware of the amazing soundtrack that accompanies the most important moments in their lives.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Charles Manson was able to get married while in prison. I can't even find dates for Friday nights.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Charles Xavier has hundreds of students over decades and decades, but none can heal his spine
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Charlie Sheen having AIDS is like hearing Snoop Dogg failed a drug test.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Charlie and the Chocolate Factory is basically Saw, but with desserts.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Chat roulette should shadowban masturbating men by secretly connecting them only to other shadowbanned people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Checking the "remember my password" box on a website unchecks the "remember my password" box in my head.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Checking your phone when someone else checks their phone is the "yawn" of this generation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Chemotherapy will be one of those medical practices we look back on in a hundred years and feel sorry that we didn't know better.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Chestnuts should be slang for boobs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Chewed up mashed potatoes are still just mashed potatoes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Chief Wiggum and his wife look very similar. If they were siblings, that would explain a lot about Ralph Wiggum.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Childbirth is literally an emergency.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Childhood memories are a bit like being drunk. You don't remember all of it, and you cringe at some of the stuff you do remember.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Children are a very expensive reminder of that one time you got laid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Children are constantly warned not to take candy from strangers except for one day of the year when they are encouraged to take candy from as many strangers as possible in an elaborate ritualized and costumed ceremony.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Children are dicks by default. That's why they get compliments when they behave themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Children are like guns: I think I'd like to have one of my own but I don't like when others have theirs out around me in public.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Children cry over every little thing because anything bad that happens is literally the worst thing that's ever happened to them. Growing up is having increasingly worse experiences until the little tragedies become the everyday.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Children of gay couples probably shouldn't gift a #1 Dad mug on Father's Day
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Children of hipsters may choose to dress normally to rebel against their parents.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Children swear all the time. Adults swear all the time. However, mix these two groups, and suddenly everyone pretends swearing is awful and they would never ever do such thing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	China built a wall and now they have almost no Mexicans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	China has a billion people in it. One-in-a-million things happen one thousand times a day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Chinese alphabet soup must be crazy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Chinese tourists travel abroad and buy souvenirs made in China.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Chipotle doesn't use chipotle as an ingredient in anything on its menu
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Chipotle should offer free guac as a way to pay America back for their e-coli scare.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Chris Rock should have introduced Charlize Theron as "The first African presenter of the night" to wrap up his Oscar monologue.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Christian Bale has played two wealthy people who represented the best and the worst, and their names were only 1 letter different: Batman and Bateman.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Christian Grey is just Quagmire with money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Christians preach abstinence as a 100% effective form of birth control when it didn't even work for Mary...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Chrome should have a feature that allows you to mute a tab by clicking the speaker icon it displays
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Chuck E Cheese is a casino for children
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Chuck Norris will eventually die, and on that day the internet will turn into the biggest shit show we have ever seen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Chuck Norris' death is going to be the most annoying day on Facebook ever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Church is just a big book club.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Church is the worst book club I have ever been to.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Churches are like bookclubs that only ever discuss one book.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cinderella costumes should be breakaways you can pull off at midnight to reveal her tattered normal clothes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cinderella must have a hard time shopping for shoes if literally no one else in the kingdom had her size
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Cinderella must have had some fucked up feet if her slipper didn't fit anyone else's foot in town.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Cinema seats should have headphone jack sockets so you can bring your own headphones and not listen to the dick talking throughout the whole of Foxcatcher.... Dick.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cinemas should have audio jacks on chairs so you can drown out annoying people with your own headphones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cinnamon is really just delicious sawdust.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Clapping is just hitting yourself because you like something
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Clark Kent would have a lot of explaining to do if he pushed a "Pull" door.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Classes should have a final test in the first week and if you pass it you pass the class but if you fail you have to take it normally
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Click-bait has trained me to fight my natural curiosity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Clickbait writers should be sentenced to read an entire novel, spread out such that each sentence is on a separate page, located underneath a picture of a celebrity.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Clifford the Big Red Dog must have taken massive shits.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Clint Eastwood is a anagram for "Old west action"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Closing your eyes after turning off your alarm is a very dangerous game.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Clowns might do better than a well camouflaged person in a dangerous wilderness survival situation because the local carnivores would assume they are poisonous.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Cockpit is the perfect euphemism for vagina, yet you hardly (if ever) hear anyone use it as such.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cocktail has basically the same meaning as Dickbutt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Coconuts are just hard-core water balloons.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Coffee cake is named because it is eaten with coffee. By this logic, French fries should be called "burger sticks."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Coffee chains are socially acceptable drug dealers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Coffee shops are a calm environment that serve coffee, a stimulant, and bars are an energetic environment that serve alcohol, a depressant.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Coffee should have a "caffeine by volume" rating like alcohol so I can choose how wired I really want to be when I buy coffee
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Coffee should have a caffeine percentage indicator just like alcohol percentage in beer, wine, etc.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Coffins are just fancy trash cans for people
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Coitus and Fellatio sound like a pair of Shakespeare characters.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Coke should partner with Bethesda to make Nuka cola a real product to build hype for fallout 4.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cold war reenactments are a lot easier All you have to do is sit around and look worried about Russia.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Colgate had a 5 million dollar commercial to tell me to turn my faucet off to save water for the needy. When that 5 million could buy 74,671,445 bottles of water and they could tell me how to brush my teeth on their box.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Collectors are probably way more interested in the original than the "collector's edition"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	College is just the most expensive book club.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Colored salt would make it a lot easier to tell how much you're putting on food.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Comcast should post a /r/TIFU for throttling Netflix that directly led to them being reclassified as a utility.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Comedy Central should do an "Every South Park Ever" marathon and call it, "The Simpsons Did It" marathon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Comedy Central should have a 2nd channel showing stand-up comedians 24/7.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Coming from a big family, I don't know what is more sad - That one of us will have to go to seven funerals, or that one of us won't have to go to any.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Commitment is opening an ice cream container and throwing out the lid
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Companies like Coke and Visa will immediately cut ties with celebrities who cheat on their wives or say something hateful, but they're hesitant when it comes to not sponsoring slave labor conditions in Qatar ahead of the World Cup.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Companies like Netflix need packages made for hotels, they would make a lot of money, and people who don't have Netflix will have a chance to try it out when they travel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Companies should hire viners to make 6 second long ads on youtube.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Companies should make more interesting 5 second adverts as I'm going to skip them on Youtube anyway.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Computer labs should flicker its lights every now and then, to remind students to save their work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Computers freeze when they get too hot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Computers should allow an alternative password that unlocks your computer but also closes all open windows.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Con Air is a movie about John Malkovich hijacking John Cusack's plane. Being John Malkovich is a movie about John Cusack hijacking John Malkovich's brain.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Condom compagnies should make a starter pack were they would put one of each size to help people pick the best condom for them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Condoms are for pussies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Condoms are one of the most environmentally friendly things invented by man. A single one has the potential to eliminate the carbon emissions of an entire human over the course of their lifetime.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Condoms should come packed with a wet-nap.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Confidence is throwing away the Ben &amp; Jerrys pint topper before you've taken the first bite.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Congrats /r/Showerthoughts, you're the Subreddit of the Day!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Congress should be paid minimum wage.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Considering Plankton was able to create his wife Karen, who seems to have all the artificial intelligence of IBM'S Watson, he could have had a pretty promising career in computer science, yet he chose to manage a fast food restaurant.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Considering how big the universe is, there are probably space battles going on somewhere right now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Considering how there's no traces of humans in the film, the Lion King could be set in any era. It could be the bronze age, 21st century or a cyborg future where humanity has gone extinct.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Considering i routinely masturbate and defecate in the presence of my cellphone, I should think twice before putting anyone's cellphone close to my face ever again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Considering our anatomy, it makes more sense if males wore skirts and females wore pants.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Considering owls are nocturnal, wouldn't it be sufficient just to say someone is an "owl" instead of a "night owl"?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Considering that dogs pee to mark territory, they probably think humans are constantly battling over who gets to claim the toilet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Considering the 1000's of times I've done it, I still don't know were to put my arms when I go to sleep
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Considering the smallest dollar note is $1, and the smallest euro note is €5, european strippers (should) earn significantly more money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cops are like spiders. They prevent bad things, but no one wants them around. People are scared of them. Most mind their business and do their job - but the few which are threatening terrify us.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cops pulling you over for speeding is like the adult version of teachers telling you not to run in the hallways.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Copy and Paste is arguably one of the greatest inventions in the history of the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Could we put Nicotine in toothpaste to make brushing teeth addictive?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Couples who don't have children because they don't want to contribute to overpopulation are the ones that ought to have children.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Couples who know the exact date of their child's conception aren't having a lot of sex
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Covers are designed to represent the book; if you can't judge a book by its cover, it's a poorly designed cover.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cowboys that ride off into the sunset quickly run out of daylight and have to camp just outside of town. Probably should've just stayed put for the night instead of being all dramatic.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cows born in India basically won the life lottery
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Crabs are basically battle spiders
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cracking my knuckles is an ability that has a cool down time
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cracking my knuckles is an ability that has a cooldown.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Crazy people are going to blame the next American natural disaster on God's punishment for Marriage Equality.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cross dressing could be really popular in Muslim countries that use the burka, and nobody would ever even know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Crossfit is like the opposite of fight club
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Crucifixion is actually a very ironic death for a carpenter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cup holders are just cups for cups.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cups are only designed for use within a strong gravitational field.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cutting a corner off a piece of paper increases the number of corners it has.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cutting off one of your legs decreases your BMI, but when you cut off the other one it shoots way up again
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cyber Monday is the perfect day to unsubscribe from all unwanted marketing emails because you'll be emailed by every single one of them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Cyclopes can't watch movies in 3D
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	CzechsMix would be a great domain name for a Czechoslovakian dating website.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	D.A.R.E. led me to believe that there would be drug dealers on every corner offering me free samples to get me hooked. They must have confused drug dealers with Costco on Sunday.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	D.A.R.E. was the most important class I had in elementary school because it explained how adults were perfectly comfortable lying to me
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	DNA is like the menu at Taco Bell, an endless recombining of 4 ingredients to achieve a new result.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	DNA is technically an acid. That means I have the ability to shoot acid out of my dick.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Daddy Long Legs is a really pimp name for a spider
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dads who tell "dad jokes" are actually funny people who had to censor their humor for a younger audience.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dane Cook is the Nickelback of stand-up comedians.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Daniel Radcliff needs to play a Bond villain at one point in his career
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Daredevil and Batman should switch names. One is a blind guy that fights crime using echo location and the other is a rich guy that fights crime with crazy stunts and high tech gadgets.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Daredevil is a blind superhero whose superpower is that he can see.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Daredevil's super senses means he's constantly hearing and smelling every possible fart around him. In a city that densely populated he must live in a constant cloud of flatulence.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Darth Vader could fall asleep in Imperial meetings and nobody would notice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dating a girl as tall as you helps correct your body and neck posture.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dating a girl is like working in customer service: What do you need? How can I help? Tell me your problem. Customer is always right.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dating in your 30s and 40s is like, "I wonder what this person's tragedy is"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dating in your mid 20's: Finding a girl with no kids is as hard as finding a guy that doesn't live with his parents.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dating is just a series of interviews to become a partner at a two-person company whose only mission is sustaining mutual happiness.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dating is putting on fancy clothes so hopefully you can take them off later.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dating profiles should include preferred ambient temperature.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dating sites should use Drivers License photos, so people will have lower expectations from the start.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	David Bowie died, and a week later we have a new planet. I think he actually was from outer space.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Deadpool is pretty much a comedy movie, with action-relief.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Deadpool should "leak" the movie but have it like it is being recorded in a theatre with Deadpool in the middle of the camera watching the movie but covering the action and saying absurd things making it hard to see or hear the movie
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Deadpool should have leaked a fake version of the film where it's just Deadpool playing with action figures reenacting the entire film.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Deaf hipsters are the ultimate hipsters because they're into things even they haven't heard about.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Deaf people who read the saying "potato, potato" have got to be confused as fuck
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Deaf people will never understand why we all love Morgan Freeman so much.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Death is your last first experience.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Death only exists from a 3rd person perspective.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Death would be much more terrifying if it was actually possible to live forever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Debit cards are the reason I haven't found money on the ground in a really long time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Deciding not to buy lottery tickets is like winning a small lottery in itself. It just pays out discretely over a lifetime.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Deciding to date your best friend is like betting double or nothing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Defibrillators are the medical version of "Have you tried turning it off and on again?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Deleting a comment should only delete your name from the comment
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dementors in Harry Potter never fed on Ron Weasley because he's a ginger.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Demetri Martin's stand up routine has to be the best collection of shower thoughts ever assembled.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dentists make money when people get cavities, if 9/10 dentists recommend a certain toothbrush/toothpaste, shouldn't we be more suspicious?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Deodorant companies should stop advertising "last 48 hrs". Some people do believe that and then they get on a crowded bus.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Depending on how you look at it, half of 8 could be 4, 3, or 0.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Depression is like being in a stale and abusive relationship with yourself, and wanting to break up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Depression is like being in an emotionally abusive relationship with your brain
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Depression is like when your mind and heart stop loving each other but still eat at the same dinner table together
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Describing something as "military grade" often makes it sound better unless it's food
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Design companies should hire a few 14 year olds to point out any accidental penises in their designs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Despite Fido being a "typical" name for a dog, I have never actually met or heard of a dog named Fido.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Despite being an "island", Antarctica has no south coast. Only one big North coast.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Despite everything DARE taught me, not once was I ever offered drugs at school.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Deviled Eggs seem like an inappropriate food for Easter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Diabetes is one disease where a sugar pill isn't a placebo
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Diabetes sounds like the name of a mythological Greek hero.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dickbutt is a synonym for cocktail
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dickbutt is another term for cocktail
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Did Trix cereal really change shape to circles, or are they still shaped like fruit and I can't see them anymore because Trix are for kids?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Did anyone remember to wake up Green Day?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Did paper planes exist before real ones? What were they called?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Did the voice in my head age with me, or have my thoughts always sounded like this?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Did they ever find out if it was Maybelline?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Dildo factories probably don't have "Take Your Daughter to Work Day."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dinosaurs never seem to have sexual organs in books and museums. This is clearly why they went extinct.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dippin Dots has been the ice cream of the future for over 28 years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dipping Dots started out as "The Ice Cream of the Future" and gradually became the nostalgic ice cram of my childhood
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dishware and flatware should be sold in sets so your spoon matches the curvature of the bowls for maximum scoopability.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dishwasher racks are perfectly designed to hold certain sized dishes and cups I've never owned in my lifetime.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Disney Land is the greatest human trap a mouse has ever made.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Disney has been instrumental in extending copyright laws, but most of their most famous movies are adaptations of folktales passed down from many generations
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Disney has really given millions of young girls an unrealistic picture of how men should be.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Disney/Pixar movies about animals always increase sales of those breeds. They should research the most difficult breeds for shelters to re-home and make a movie about them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Django Unchained is about a dentist fighting candy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Django the bounty hunter killed Samuel L Jackson, but in an alternate universe Samuel L Jackson killed Jango the bounty hunter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do Christians seriously believe that, when he returns, it will please Jesus when he's instantly confronted with millions of crosses?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do I exist only because one of my ancestors was raped?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do Koreans think that Lil Jon, Lil Wayne, Lil Kim, and Lil Bow wow are siblings?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do Zubats think they're really strong because everyone runs away from them?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do caterpillars know they will be butterfly's or do they just build the cocoon and wake up like woah what happened?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do crabs think WE walk sideways?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do dogs have a "list" of their favorite people? Where do I rank on the lists of the dogs that know me?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do hipsters go on Amazon and sort clothing by least to most popular?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do people sneeze on purpose around the pope with hopes of getting blessed by him?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Do regular dogs see police dogs and think: "oh shit, it's a cop"
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Do sperm banks give out their wi-fi password instead of porn magazines now?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do the people inside mascot costumes also smile when they have their photos taken?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do the people who pose in those stock photos in frames just buy those frames and put them around their houses like "Here's the time I posed for a stock picture!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do twins even realize one of them was unplanned
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do twins ever realize that one of them was unplanned.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do we call Macaroni and Cheese "Mac" because it is an abbreviation or because it is an acronym?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do you ever see a stranger in a random place and think "this is probably the only time I will ever see this person in my lifetime" and feel sad?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do you remember the Shower thought that said that your future self is watching you right now through memories? If you do, it just came true.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Do you think Benedict Cumberbatch's friends ever say "No Shit Sherlock" if he states something obvious
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do you think Mohammed also appears on grilled cheese sandwiches but nobody recognizes him?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do you think Santa regrets giving all those naughty kids coal now that global warming is threatening his home?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do you think it's company policy at Microsoft to say "I binged it" instead of "I googled it"?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Do you think there are more spoons than people?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Doctor Who, a TV Show, is older than Singapore, a developed first world country.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does Ke$ha go by K€sha in Europe
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does Medusa have pubes, and if so, are they snakes too?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Does a Centaur suck milk from horse nipples or human ones?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Does a Columbus Day sale mean that I can just come in your store, kill your employees, take all your shit, and then claim the place as my own?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does a prostitute say "it's been business doing pleasure with you"?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does an inside-out bag contain the universe?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does anybody else randomly zones out while reading, coming up realizing you don't know what happened in the last two paragraphs?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does anyone else feel like they are just barely smart enough to not be completely ignorant of how crazy our society is, but too stupid to do anything about it?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does anyone else find it ironic that Harriet Tubman, a former slave, is going to be memorialized on a piece of cotton?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does anyone else walk into a building and think, 'this place is defensible in a zombie apocalypse'?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does anyone know what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh, or are we all just taking their word for it and telling others?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does having a pokéstop within swiping distance of my living room increase my house's value?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does medusa have pubes and if do, are they Also snakes?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does my doctor have his own doctor? If so, can't I just ask his doctor who HIS doctor is and so on until I follow the chain to the world's ultimate doctor?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does my dog realize he's gone deaf or does he just think everyone has stopped talking to him.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does my dog think i'm a hypocrite because I poo in the house?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does the hole in the middle of a doughnut still exist after you've eaten it?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Does the square block in Tetris really turns when you click the button?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Doesn't matter if you speak or use sign language- you'll develop a stutter when you get cold.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Dog breeders literally live by the motto, "fuck bitches, get money."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dog food can say it's any flavor it wants, it's not like you're going to test it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dog food could say it's any flavor it wants, you're not going to test it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dog heaven and squirrel hell are the same place.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dog toys are only brightly colored so they're attractive to humans in the store.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dogecar spelled backwards is Racegod.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dogs are great because they could rip you apart and eat you but they don't, because they want belly rubs instead.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dogs are just hostages with severe stockholm syndrome
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dogs are proof that you can buy friends
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dogs get taller when they sit down.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dogs have no idea that Whales exist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dogs lick us because we have bones inside.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dogs must think no humans love them because no one will lick them back.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dogs probably destroy shoes because they see humans put them on before they leave the house.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dogs understand more words in our language than we do in theirs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dogs would feel so betrayed if they ever learned the majority of our short trips out are to go eat without them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dollar bills don't have dollar signs on them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dolphins are so smart, that once captured, train humans to stand at the edge of the pool and feed them fish
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Don't be ashamed of who you are, that's your parents' job.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Don't get mad if you parents ask "simple tech questions" because they taught you how to use a spoon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Don't know where your kids are in the house? Turn off the internet and they'll show up quickly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Donald Trump doesn't actually want to be president. He just wants to get more airtime where people listen to his opinions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Door to door salespeople are just real life popup ads.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Door-to-door salesmen were the original pop-up ad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Doors are just really short tunnels.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dopamine and serotonin are technically the only two things you enjoy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dora calls herself an "explorer," but travels exclusively through mapped territories
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Double Dick Dude should be the CEO of Johnson &amp; Johnson.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Downvotes should move a post up in /r/dadjokes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dr Seuss would have had a hell of a time trying to write his stories with autocorrect
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dr. Drake Ramoray might be the most well known character from Days of Our Lives, and has never appeared on the show
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dr. Pepper might be a woman and you should be ashamed that you've never considered that until this very moment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dragons can't blow out candles
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dragons would think its cool that we create water in our mouths
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Drake is Canadian, and when he says goes 0-100 real quick, he is probably referring to KPH, which equates to 0-62 MPH real quick.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Drawers should be called pens and pens should be called drawers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dreams would be much more fun if they were multi-player servers that other sleeping people could join.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dribbling a ball is passing to your future self
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Drier sheets are the bay leaves of laundry
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Drinking 8 glasses of water each day seems to be a monumental task; yet drinking 8 beers and several shots in a few hours goes down like a fat kid on a seesaw
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Drinking alcohol makes you think you're much more interesting than you are. Smoking marijuana makes you think everything else is much more interesting than it is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Drinking water from a coffee mug is incredibly dissatisfying.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Drinking water through a straw is the opposite of snorkeling.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Drinks without alcohol are called 'virgin' because they never have anything hard in them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Driver's Ed should include a section where you're pulled over and learn how to handle interacting with a cop.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Driverless cars will be awesome, but not until everyone is using them. The in-between stage will be Road Rage Against the Machine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Driverless cars would allow an extra person to call shotgun
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Driving tests should include jumping a car, changing a tire, and checking basic fluids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dropped the soap and just kicked the bar up the side of the tub like a half-pipe and caught it in my hand. Coolest thing I've ever done that nobody will ever fully believe.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Drug-resistant bacteria are like that hero in action movies who witnessed his entire family get murdered before his eyes and now has grown up, become extremely deadly, and now want revenge against us.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Drugs are like cheat codes for real life, they make the game more fun for a little while, but stop you from getting achievements.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Drunk History is all fine and good, but I would watch the shit out of High Conspiracy Theories.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dubai is just a rich mans game of Minecraft.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Duck Dynasty is essentially Keeping Up with the Kardashians for rednecks
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Duck-Billed Platypuses lay eggs and lactate making them one of the very few animals who can make their own custard.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ducks are the ultimate animals. They can walk, swim, dive and fly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Due to full body armour and so many castles, the medieval era would have been the best time to survive a zombie outbreak
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Due to inflation, future viewers of *Pulp Fiction* will think a 5 dollar milkshake is a cheap milkshake.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Due to the evolution of bacteria with respect to our bodies natural defense mechanisms, traveling forward in time could kill you, and traveling back in time could kill everyone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dumbledore should really do background checks before hiring new professors.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dungeon keys in Zelda work on any door but can only be used once. That is the exact opposite of how a key is supposed to work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	During December Reddit should be able to purchase coal instead of gold for comments they truly hate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	During a full moon, we only see half the moon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	During a zombie apocalypse there would be a group of "zombie rights activists " who would protest the killing of zombies because they used to be people.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	During childhood, we are told that jokes about the genital areas are adult content, but once we become adults, these jokes are considered "childish".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	During leap years we should take the extra day and move it from February 29th to December 32nd. Then we can make a big holiday out of it and have a combined Leap Day/New Years extravaganza every 4 years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	During the day you can see only one Sun. At night, you can see over two thousand Suns.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	During world war 2, Germany had the extended arm, the US had the victory sign, and Russia the uplifted fist. - All together just an escalated game of rock-paper-scissors.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson should host a cooking show where contestants have to guess what he's cooking by smell alone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson should make a cookbook so we can finally smell what he's been cooking.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Dying of old age is basically saying death by survival.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	EA should change their slogan from, it's in the game, to its in the DLC
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	EAT becomes FAT is you don't draw a line.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	ESPN should have a segment sponsored by Digiorno about players that didn't deliver
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Each subreddit should have a dial I can turn up or down, depending how much content I want on my front page from that subreddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Each theater in a cineplex should have it's own bathroom next to it with screens inside playing the same movie you're watching so you don't have to miss anything if you have to pee.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Early humans must've flipped the hell out when they saw the moon turn red, then disappear.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Earphones should have an 'in ear' sensor so your phone can pause the music when you take them off and play it again when you put them on
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Earth could just be the North Korea of the galaxy and we'd have no idea either way
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Earth is like a guy who knows exactly where to stand next to a bonfire.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Earth is the third planet from the sun, so all of our problems are technically third world problems.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eating a lollipop is just swallowing your flavored spit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eating a potato is pretty Irish, but so is not eating a potato.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eating a spoonful of frosting on its own is considered disgusting and unhealthy, but putting it on top of something else unhealthy first is normal.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Eating crappy food while watching food shows is a bit like watching porn and masturbating.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eating grilled cheese with tomato soup is just a sneaky way of eating pizza
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eating is killing animals and absorbing their power.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eating something and saying its "tasty" is equivalent to listening to music and saying its "soundy".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eating while taking a poo is kind of like those stacking point pencils from the 90s.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Educating a child is like getting them caught up on a TV show that's been running for 14 billion years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eggs have such a good balance of nutrients because they literally contain all of the ingredients for a small animal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Either the universe had a beginning, or it didn't. Either possibility is a mindfuck
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Elastigirl of the Incredibles had to fake child birth pains so they wouldn't know she was a superhero
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Elevator doors are the only time it's considered reasonable to halt the progress of large machinery by sticking your limbs into its moving parts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Elizabeth has to be the most versatile Western name. You can go by Elle, Ellie, Liz, Lizzie, Liza, Lisa, Libby, Beth, Betty, or Betsy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ellen should give away more stuff like Oprah and rename her show Ellen de Generous
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Elon Musk should come out with a self-titled Cologne.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Elves work for free, aren't considered human, and are only 3/5ths the size of a normal person. Santa owns slaves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eminem always worried about his daughter not fitting in because of his explicit rapping. A clean-rapping father didn't seem to help Jaden Smith fit in at all
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eminem should have been really impressed with Stan's rapping
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eminem should make a line of sunglasses and call them Slim Shadys
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eminem should make a sequel to 8 mile depicting his struggle with fame and drug use and rise, fall, and return in popularity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Energy drinks and caffeine are basically just stamina potions
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	England have managed to exit the Euro twice in one week.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Enrique Iglesias and Eric Church have basically the same name just in a different language.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Entering "99" on my microwave cooks my food for 39 seconds longer than when I enter "100"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Erect has a hard c, while flaccid has a soft c.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Erectile dysfunction is a growing problem.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Europeans may have introduced Smallpox and decimated Native Americans, but Native Americans introduced Europeans to tobacco, killing many more over the subsequent 500 years. Well played, Natives.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Even Popeye didn't eat spinach until he had to.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Even a good harmonica player sucks half of the time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Even after midnight, I don't usually consider it to be the next day until I fall asleep and wake up again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Even as an atheist, when I hear "he/she is in a better place" I still find myself agreeing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Even if an ad is about a product I'm interested in, I'll still google the product instead of clicking on the ad because I don't trust them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Even if you are not successful in life, you are guaranteed to get two certificates.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Even if you don't believe in Santa, odds are your gifts were made by tiny people in an unpaid, dangerous environment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Even if you managed to legitimately catch a ghost on camera, it's so easy to fake that nobody would ever believe you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Even immortals don't know what it's like to live forever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Even on your worst day, you've still stopped as many terrorists as the TSA.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Even though "up" and "down" are opposites, the phrases "I'm up for it" and "I'm down for it" mean the same thing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Even when Reddit's servers are down, I can procrastinate my homework by refreshing the page to see if its up yet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eventually once all phones are waterproof we'll be able to push people into pools again
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eventually someone will die in a self-driving car and it will keep going to its destination
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ever consider how weird emojis are? As a civilization, we've spent thousands of years refining the craft of the written word, then one day someone's like: you know what we really need? Hieroglyphs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ever notice that "strap on" spelled backwards reads "no parts"?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ever noticed how supervillains are always trying to change things and superheroes always try to resist the change?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Ever since I got adblock all the single horny women have lost interest.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ever wonder how many strangers have thought you were attractive in passing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every "How it's made" video should be archived in the event of an apocalypse.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every A in Australia is pronounced differently.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every Facebook memory is a reminder of how dumb I was a few years ago
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every Jurassic Park film I am disappointed the Universal Logo isn't an ancient version of the earth's continents.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every Olympic Event Should include one Average Person Competing for Reference.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every Olympic event should have an 'average Joe' participate in order to provide context.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every Saturday I grudgingly mow my lawn. To me, mowing the lawn is a chore. To the ants, grass and other wildlife that have made a home on my property, I am a destroyer of worlds, wielding a terrifying death machine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every Shoe is Buy One Get One Free
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every ad is an ad for Adblock.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every bag of chips is Family Size if you're an orphan.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every bee alive is completely innocent; they have never stung anyone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every bullet that has been fired has missed me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every bullet that's been fired has missed me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every car should have a button for a half volume horn so I can beep at daydreamers at the lights without sounding angry.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every celebrity that says "Follow your dreams" just has confirmation bias.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every cell in my body knows how to replicate DNA yet i'm not in on it so i have to spend hours studying it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every country has an Independence Day except Britain because they were the ones everybody was seeking independence from
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every current football player for Atlanta was born after 1980. This makes them the Millennial Falcons.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every day is 'Bring your kid to work day' if you're pregnant.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every day this week is a palindrome. (6-13-16 through 6-19-16)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every doctor is a veterinarian specialized for only one animal
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every ginger in America has Trey Parker and Matt Stone to thank for being accused of having no soul at least once in their lives
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every gym should have a Beginner's Room, so out-of-shape people can work out without feeling like they're being judged.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every home has a smell that you can't smell when it's your home
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every hot girl I've ever had a crush on has probably at some point had violent diarrhoea
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every hotel refrigerator should at least fit a pizza box.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every human who has ever lived has seen the same Sun and Moon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every insect I've ever killed just lost its Final Boss Battle...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every material is bulletproof if you have enough of it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every morning I wake up and catch my brain closing some really weird open tabs. But when I check the history, my brain's been on incognito mode all night.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every morning, you grow one day closer to eating your next plate of nachos.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every movie based on a true story is part of a shared cinematic universe.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every now and then I suddenly realize that other people's lives are just as complex as my own, and that they have no clue what happens in my head, just as I have no idea what happens in theirs. It's like looking at the stars and suddenly feeling very small.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Every orifice on a donkey is an asshole.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every paper towel commercial reminds me that the cleanest solution is to just not have children.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every person alive today has an ancestor that lived through every moment of human existence.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every person sees the world in a unique way. When someone dies it is, in a way, the death of an entire world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every picture I take is a "before meth" picture
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Every post on /r/OSHA should be tagged NSFW
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Every post on Reddit is NSFW because I'm not supposed to use Reddit at my work
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every problem that takes place on earth is a "third world problem" since earth is the third planet from the sun.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every public bathroom toilet should have a foot pedal to flush instead of a handle.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every single decision you have ever taken has led to you reading this sentence.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every single person on earth has a hidden talent they probably dont even know theyve got because their life hasnt led them down a path where theyve found out the could do it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every single year, someone shows up an hour late for work when we set the clocks ahead an hour but I have never seen anyone show up an hour early to work when we move them back in the fall.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every so often I say "Computer, end simulation" out loud. Just in case.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every sperm whale was once whale sperm.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every survey is skewed towards people willing to participate in surveys.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time Albert Einstein jerked it, he had a stroke of genius.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I browse /personalfinance, I end up reading posts by people half my age complaining about making twice as much as I do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I check my pockets for my wallet, keys, and phone, I do 25% of the macarena.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I don't play the lottery I win a dollar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I feel unexpected pain, I wonder if my descendants got hit so hard that their ancestors could feel it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I get a notification that I got a message on reddit, my first thought is, "Alright, what did I say to make someone angry this time"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I have to chase a ping-pong ball, I feel like a 3 year-old. I'm convinced there is no cool way to chase a ping-pong ball.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I hear a car alarm go off, I think "someone accidentally pushed the alarm button" instead of "someone's car is getting broken into"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I hear someone talk to their dog in a foreign language, my first thought is always, "That dog can't understand you, lady."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I hear the 20th Century Fox fanfare, I'm slightly diappointed if I'm not about to watch Star Wars.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Every time I hear the word "dictator", I think "penis potato"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I pop bubble wrap, I'm releasing imprisoned Chinese factory air that otherwise had a life sentence for just being in the wrong place at the wrong time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I put on my seat belt while driving, I am basically wearing a 2 ton, turbocharged, speed suit that helps me accelerate to 60 mph in under 6 seconds.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I read the acronym ROFL, I can't help but imagine Scooby Doo trying to say waffle.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I see a Marvel movie, I wonder if this will be the bad one. Every time I see a DC movie, I wonder if this will be the good one.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Every time I see a NSFW tag, it hurts cause I am jobless.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Every time I see a post about ISS astronauts, I "oh shit" as I think the extremists have made it to space.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I see a woman with a newborn child, I realize she's been laid more recently than I have.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I shave, the longest beard I could possibly grow becomes shorter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I think of the black market, I actually imagine a market, with little stalls selling illegal things like nuclear weapons and organs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time I watch a mountain climbing documentary, all I can think is how the true star is the cameraman.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time Wolverine retracts his claws after a kill, he's pulling bloodborne pathogens directly into his body. If it weren't for his mutant healing, he'd have full-blown AIDS by now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time a celebrity dies, someone goes through their Wikipedia article and change all of the 'is' phrases to 'was'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time a celebrity dies, there's somebody racing to Wikipedia to edit "is" to "was" on their page.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time a character dies on a TV show I just feel bad for the actor who pretty much just got fired in front of us.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time a wind farm powers my desk fan, I'm just teleporting wind.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time my husband and I have sex we both set a new record for the oldest person we've done it with
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time my mother scrolls through facebook, she often stops scrolling to say something like "Wow" or "Unbelieveable" and expects someone to be interested. She is real life clickbait.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time my wife shows me something on facebook before I see it on reddit I feel like all of you have failed me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time one of my relatives (mostly Grandma) try to convince me to have kids, they're literally rooting for me to come inside a girl.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Every time someone finds a video-game "score" at a flea market, there's a dude somewhere that doesn't know his mom is selling his shit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time someone says "ten years ago" I think of the mid-nineties instead of 2006
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time the Bayer family took Aspirin, they got a taste of their own medicine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you agree to date someone, statistically they then become the person most likely to kill you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you clog a toilet you've exceeded someone's expectations
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you cut a corner you make two more.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you drink water, you reset a timer that is counting down the seconds until you die of dehydration.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you feel thirsty or hungry, it's your body letting you know that you're beginning to die
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you get dressed remember that, if you die, that's your ghost outfit forever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you have McDonald's as a kid, it's a victory. Every time you have McDonald's as an adult, it's a defeat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you paint a room it gets smaller.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you paint a room, it becomes smaller. Every time you paint an object, it becomes larger.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you paint a room, it gets slightly smaller.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you paint a room, it gets very fractionally smaller.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you pick up a coin, you're being paid to clean up after the person that dropped it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you pull someone out of a car to steal it in videogames, that person wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you receive an up vote, a real person has liked what you said. Even 20 up votes is a lot of people to liked it.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Every time you smell a flower, you are sniffing it's genitals
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Every time you take the garbage out it's like the house is taking a shit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you upvote someone, you are making their day better, at the cost of nothing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you've beaten a computer at chess it's because it let you win.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every time you've rushed to try and to catch a flight, there's been two strangers sitting in your row hoping you don't make it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every upvote you've ever gotten was given to you by someone with a life as complex and full as yours who liked your comment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every winter, pitchers from Major League Baseball should get together and have a snowball fight.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every word is literally a made-up word.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every year on my wife's b-day, I get to have sex with the oldest woman I've ever slept with.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every year, reddit should take that year's top 12 submissions from /r/earthporn and turn them into a calendar, and sell it on the reddit marketplace.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Every year, we unknowingly pass the anniversary of our future death.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Everybody gives the movie "signs" shit for having aliens that invade a planet that is 70% water and deadly to them, but we are trying to colonize mars and we can't even breathe on it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everybody is actually just a naked person in disguise.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everybody knows about the Secret Service.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everybody says the idea of a unicorn is ridiculous, but Narwhals are more ridiculous and they exist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyday, Someone On Earth Unknowingly Does The Loudest Fart In The World For That Day
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyday, my daughter's school bus driver gives us a treat for the dog. To the dog, we sell Ava everyday for one dog treat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyday, someone on Earth unknowingly does the biggest poo in the world for that day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone actually has 3 voices, the one in your head, the one you hear when you talk and the one that everyone else hears instead.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone at the Grammys looks like the people from district one in the hunger games.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Everyone calls them dick pics. Why are we not calling them dictures?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone can speak telepathically, but no one knows how to listen
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone dies within six months of their birthday...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone gets three random wishes granted in his or her lifetime, but almost all of them are wasted on things like "I wish this light would turn green, already!" or "I wish it would stop raining."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone hates performance enhancing drugs, yet everyone loves Captain America.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone in my family has sucked on my mom's breasts
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone is hiding their naked body from us. Our goal is to find someone and convince them stop.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone is praising Boyhood for letting us see a child grow up on screen, but at the same time they're ignoring the fact that Harry Potter did it first, with an entire cast of children.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone knowing the joke "Netflix and Chill", is making it extremely difficult for me to Netflix and chill.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone on Reddit is a straight 20-something male pseudo-intellectual gamer who's kinda into fitness, until proven otherwise
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone on reddit has the same voice as me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone pointing out for years that Leo hasn't won an Oscar was more of a recognition of his talent than the actual Oscar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone posting on Facebook about how much data Pokémon Go collects seems to have forgotten that they're posting on Facebook.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone says dating someone because of their personality and not their looks is a good thing but telling someone you're only dating them because of their personality and not their looks is a really bad thing to say
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone tells teenagers that they don't know what love is. But everyone wants to feel like a teenager when they fall in love.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone that you see in the grocery store is buying ingredients for poop.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone who I've heard say "don't tell me how to raise my child" was not doing a good job at it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone who knows what TIL stands for once had a day when their TIL was what TIL means.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone who said, "long live the queen" didn't think it would actually work this well.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone who thinks they're the Jim Halpert of their office is usually the Andy Bernard.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone would drive much better if money collected from traffic citations was given out randomly to people driving responsibly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everyone you know sees you as a side character in their own life story
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Everything I cook literally turns out to be shit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everything i have ever lost, is somewhere
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everything in the universe is either a banana or not a banana
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everything is a boomerang if you throw it straight up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everything is or isn't ice cream.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everything man-made that exists was once just an idea.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everything on earth is either a banana or not a banana.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Everything posted in r/food is a shit post, eventually.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everything we eat is processed sunshine.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Everytime I hear a forced ad on the internet. I make a mental not never to buy what they are advertising. Fuck you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everytime I kill a spider, I am improving their genetic genepool by getting rid of the weak ones, thus innocently creating the ultimate spider.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Everytime someone in a movie has to draw blood they always cut the palm of their hand. Surely this is the least convenient place to have a deep cut.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Everytime someone on TV or a movie goes underwater, i hold my breath along with them. I've died almost everytime, they've survived almost everytime. My lungs must be shit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Evolution is making us taller, skinnier, with bigger eyes. Kinda alien looking. Maybe we'll invent time travel and come back in neat little UFOs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Evolution-wise, going out in space might be similar to getting out of the ocean.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ex-Girlfriends should be called Near Mrs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Explain as a 5 year old would be way more entertaing than ELI5
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Extremely glad that YouTube was not popular when I was a child. I would've absolutely made some cringey, terrible shit.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Eyeballs look fucking terrifying, but put it in a socket and dress it up with some lids and lashes and they become quite pretty.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Eyeglasses' job is to screw up a perfect stream of input in just the right way so your messed up eyes see it as perfect.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	FBI director says citizens filming the police makes them, 'feel like they're under siege'... The tv show COPS is on its 28th Season...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook Go would just be hanging out with your friends in real life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook buying reddit would make a great April fools joke.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook game requests are the Jehovah's Witnesses of the Internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook has become so boring that people have nothing to do but simply re-share old memories.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook has made me realize that if could read people's minds, I would probably kill myself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook has to be the greenest app because 99% of it is recycled content.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook is a Pokedex for humans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook is a Pokedex for people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook is just a Pokédex for people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook is like Reddit's friend from school that steals all their jokes and gets a bigger laugh even though they told them wrong.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook is like the tiny town you grew up in and always wanted to escape, while Reddit is like NYC and it's noisy and you're anonymous.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook is the refrigerator of the internet. I keep going back to it expecting something to appear that I'll enjoy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook is the refrigerator of the internet; you know there's nothing good in it, but you keep going back to check
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook is ubiquitous, but has a reputation for low-quality content. It's become the Walmart of social media.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook is where you lie to your friends. Reddit is where you're honest with strangers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook isn't a list of my friends. It's a list of people I used to know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook makes you hate everyone you already know. Reddit makes you like people you'll never meet.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Facebook memories are a great reminder of how shitty my phone's camera was in 2010.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook needs a verified untrue button. When enough people click it, the viral photo or story with completely false information vanishes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook needs an 'agree' and/or 'support' button, so I don't have to 'like' that you're having a tough struggle with cancer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook really needs an 'Are You Sure' confirmation screen before you can accidentally like someone's photos that are over a year old.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook shares are just the new "Fw: Fw: fw: Fw: Fw:" of stupid images and jokes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook should add a feature called "breakup" so it can immediately remove all traces or even slight connections to your ex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook should charge users $4.99 to block all the Ice Bucket Challenge post from your timeline, and donate all that money to ALS research.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook should have a 'Degrees of Seperation' button on non-friends pages.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook should have a «I am into you» button, with the other person finding out only if she also clicked on «I am into you» for you too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facebook's list of "suggested friends" is quite literally a list of people I've been avoiding my entire life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Facial recognition software can pick a face out of a crowd of people, but the vending machine at my work can't recognize a dollar with a bent corner
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fake living rooms at IKEA should also have a couple in them trying to assemble IKEA furniture and fighting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Faking during sex should be refered to as Sargasam.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Faking using the restroom in order to waste time is a very literal form of stalling.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Falling asleep is the best example of "fake it till you make it".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Falling asleep on the couch and waking up with a blanket is one of the best feelings...unless you live alone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Falling asleep with the TV on is the adult version of being read a bed time story.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fallout 4 should have a Catmeat companion that doesn't follow any commands and occasionally sits in front of terminals while you're trying to use them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fallout's 'S.P.E.C.I.A.L' system probably doesn't make much sense if you play the game in any language other than English.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Family Guy is 90% Seth MacFarlane talking to himself
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Family Guy is mostly Seth Macfarlane talking to himself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Family Guy seems to be 90% Seth McFarlane talking to himself
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Family guy should have hidden a bunch of different kids that looked like Quagmire in each episode.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Farts are ghosts of your food
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Farts are like children. I'm proud of mine and disgusted by yours.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fast food restaurants should make drinks that you purchase at the drive-thru cheaper because you can't get refills.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fat people are most likely to be selected when playing spin the bottle
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fat people have more skin than skinny people. Shouldn't 'skinny' be a term used to describe fat people?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fat people have more skin, so aren't they actually *more* skinny than thin people?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fat people may actually be able to run away from their problems.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Father's Day is really Motherfucker's Day
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Father's day is a celebration of motherfuckers.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Father's day is a day dedicated to mother fuckers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fathers day should be nine months before mothers day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fe-male would be a synonym of Iron Man
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	FedEx and UPS drivers are the closest things we have to an actual Santa Claus, and Amazon is essentially the north pole.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	FedEx should hire DMX for a series of commercials. He could sing X-Gon' Give it to Ya while he's delivering packages door to door.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Feeling numb is an oxymoron
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Female cockroaches should be called cuntroaches
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Female masturbation is more taboo than male masturbation; yet male sex toys are much more taboo than female ones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Females are the most advanced 3d printers ever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Females is much more fun to say if you pronounce it like tamales
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fevers are just your body's way of trying to kill the disease with fire
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Few things are as comforting as seeing your exact issue pop up in Google autocomplete
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Few things in life are more irritating than making an awesome joke (quip, witty remark), having no one hear it but one person - who laughs, repeats the joke, and for some reason everyone hears THEM so they get full credit for your joke.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fewer people have stood in my shower than have been in space.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Field goal kickers are like the IT guys of the NFL. When they do their job correctly no one really noticed. But the entire world gives them shit when something bad happens.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fifa 16 should let you use real-money to bribe officials in online matches for a more realistic experience.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fifteen year olds on summer vacation are probably the least stressed they will be until they're retired.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fifty Shades of Grey would make a great title to a movie about a dog trying to read a map of the United States
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fight Club and Crossfit's rules are exactly opposite
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Figuratively, if someone is "killing it," "slaying it," or "murdering it" then they are doing a great job. But if they are "butchering it" they are doing a horrible job. These phrases have opposite connotations in real life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Finally figured out what makes Clickbait titles so effective.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Finding Bigfoot has been on the air for 5 years. It should be called Not Finding Bigfoot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Finding a worm in an apple has not proven to be as common of an occurrence as I thought it would be as a child.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Finding the real "Download" button is like Indiana Jones picking the real Holy Grail. Just have to look for the least conspicuous one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Finding your horse dead is both a first and third world problem
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fingerless gloves are now perfectly sensible for Pokémon trainers to wear.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Finn was the first stormtrooper to find the droid he was looking for
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fire trucks are actually water trucks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fireplace is probably the laziest name for any object ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	First person video games don't blink.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	First we put watches in phones so that we don't need to look at our watch, now we put our phones in watches so that we don't need to look at our phones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fish jerky is the ultimate insult to fish. First you take the fish out of the water, then you take the water out of the fish.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fish that are caught and released probably sound like insane conspiracy theorists to the other fish.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fish who are caught and released are like the aquatic equivalent of people who claim to have been abducted by aliens.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fishing is the underwater equivalent of Alien abduction
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fishing would be a lot less popular if fish could scream.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fishing would be a lot less popular if fish had vocal cords.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Five hours feels like an awful lot when you're awake, but precious little when you're asleep
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Five months ago, I was ecstatic when gas went below $2/gallon to $1.90/gallon. Now I am pissed that it went from $1.70/gallon to $1.90/gallon
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Five to ten years ago, custom cell phone rings were all the rage. Today, everyone I know either uses the stock ringtone or keeps it on vibrate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fix a man's computer, and he'll come back to you for a lifetime. Teach a man how to fix his computer, and he'll remember it for a day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Flare guns are least effective on the 4th of July and New Year's Eve
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fleeing from police is like choosing the double or nothing option.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Flossing is the opposite of masturbation. Nobody does it but everyone says they do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Folding clothes is just creating socially-accepted wrinkles.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Foo Fighters have been around for like 20 years, yet i hear the same damn 4 songs on the radio.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Food doesn't really go 'bad' something just starts eating it before you do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. Fool me three times, and you've scientifically determined you can fool me.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Foot fetishes are like clown phobias. I don't have either, but sometimes I can kind of understand why people would.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Football is basically two coaches playing "wizard's chess."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For "John Smith" being such a common name, I've never met someone with the name.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For Anakin Skywalker's entire life he had to call someone a master right up until he died
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For April Fool's Day a radio station should play nothing but Weird Al songs but act like they're the original versions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For April Fool's Day, HowToBasic should upload a video where he tidily prepares a genuine meal
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For April Fool's day, Google should dress up the search engine to look like Bing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For April Fools' Day 'The Onion' should run real news stories.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For April Fools' Day, the Hot or Not app should remove the social media aspect and just show the user a bunch of pictures (an igloo, a campfire, etc) and request each object to be identified as Hot or Not
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For April fools day the Onion should become a perfectly regular news site
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For April fools day, SnapChat should have all of their filters work as normal, but once sent the filter is removed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For April fools day, the Onion should just post truthful and accurate news stories.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For Clint Eastwood's birthday, Google should change "I'm Feeling Lucky" to "Do you feel lucky, punk?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For Google to just turn 18, I've been asking some very inappropriate questions to someone underage for quite awhile.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For Halloween, SnapChat should add a person standing in the background only after you take the picture.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For Halloween, spotify and other music services should play random noises like doors opening and whispers throughout songs to creep people out
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For a change I´d like to know how much karma I´ve given out
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For a cigarette-smoker a "smoke break" is smoking and for a pothead a "smoke break" is NOT smoking
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For a company named after a rainforest, Amazon sure does use a lot of cardboard.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For a drink that is Lemon and Lime flavored, Sprite isn't very sour.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For a sociopath, life is a single player game, for everyone else it is an MMO
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For a website that's 90% reposts, Reddit cares a lot when a comedian steals a joke.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For all we know, Jesus did come back, but he's just sitting in a mental institution and nobody believes him.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For all we know, the last human on earth might already have been born.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For almost 32 years now, one of Michael Phelps' father's sperm has been doing nothing but swimming and winning.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For an "adult cartoon" I've found that I've enjoyed Family Guy less and less as I've grown older
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For an atheist, I sure use "I swear to god" and "Jesus Christ!" a lot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For daylight savings, we should move the clocks forward an hour on Monday at 9 AM so that we lose an hour of work instead of sleep.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For decades parents told their children to empty their plates so that the sun will shine. Today we have fat kids and global warming.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For every "drug deal gone bad" you hear about on the news, thousands and thousands go swimmingly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For every reaction there is an equal and opposite social media overreaction.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For games, you press start to play; movies, you press play to start.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For guys who loved Die Hard so much, Ross Chandler and Joey were pretty oblivious to how much Ross's girlfriend's dad looked like Bruce Willis
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For having such a bad rap, Satanists really haven't done nearly as much damage as Christians and Muslims have.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	For hetero males, birthday sex is celebrating the day you came out of a vagina by going back into one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For how culturally and ethnically diverse Reddit probably is, I basically see you all as the same type of person
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For how popular reddit is, Im suprised none of my friends have ever heard or used it.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	For me, all Reddit posts are NSFW. Because if I get caught browsing Reddit at work I'll be fired.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For most of human history, vehicles had automatic collision avoidance and could even take you home when you were sleeping or drunk. Then we got rid of the horse.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For or against same sex marriage there's gonna be a lot of butt hurt people today
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For someone, somewhere in America, today is the last day they'll wake up with all 10 fingers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For the amount of sex in Game of Thrones, there's a ridiculously low number of pregnant women and children seen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For the first time in history, we have produced a class of poor people who are more likely to be obese than starving.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For the last season of American Idol, they should have all the former winners come back and compete against each other to decide who the all - time best is
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For the low price of a dollar you can leave a dollar somewhere and instantly make someone's day better
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For the new Star Wars film, I want a major character to die from being shot by a stormtrooper.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For the next "Dirty Jobs", Mike Rowe should try being a senator.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For the next Miss USA they should add a "no makeup" and "ask her ex" competition to spice things up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For those born on November 22, 1989 you have a special birthday in the year 2033. Why? On 11/22/33 you're turning 44.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For thousands of years literacy was exclusive to the elites of the world and historians always pondered what life for the common man was like. Today, thanks to social media, we can safely assume they had nothing all that important to say.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	For-profit prisons should be paid based on whether the inmates get reformed. They should have to house repeat offenders for free.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Forcing an atheist relative to go to church because it's Christmas is a bit like dragging a eunuch along to an orgy because it's Valentine's Day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Forget "slow and steady wins the race." The real moral of The Tortoise and the Hare is that talent and skill are useless if you're lazy, irresponsible and arrogant
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Forget a dislike button, Facebook needs a "this article/picture is fake" button.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Formerly obese people should be allowed to donate skin to burn victims free of charge.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Four-leaf clovers ARE lucky, considering our species has been systematically trying for some time now to remove them from the gene pool.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Franz Ferdinand's (band) last concert ever should be in Sarajevo
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Free WiFi would probably be more helpful at a sperm bank than a magazine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Freshmen starting high school this year will be learning about 9/11 as a historical event that took place before they were born
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	From Gandalf's perspective, The Hobbit is a really long escort mission with low level NPCs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	From a dinosaur's perspective, we're living in a post-apocalyptic world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	From a wookie's perspective, Chewbacca is the handsome rogue and Han is the dumb sidekick communicating in animal noises.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	From the mouth of my 8 year old son: "When you think about the future, your mind is time traveling."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	From the perspective of a plant, carnivores are peaceful, docile creatures while herbivores a murderous killing machines
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	From the viewpoint of the Simpsons characters, Itchy And Scratchy has hyperrealistic animation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Frozen is the first time Disney on Ice makes any sense.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Frozen pizza should be pre-cut in case to bake just a slice
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Future Me is constantly fucked over by Present Me, who should have learned after being fucked over by Past Me
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	GTA 7 will play very boring because of self-driving cars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	GTA made me a violent person as much as Madden made me an athlete.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Gagging during a blowjob is really a romantic sound, think about it. Someone is choosing your dick over the oxygen they need to survive, that really warms my heart.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gambling addiction hotlines would do so much better if every fifth caller was a winner.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Game reviewers should start their reviews with how many hours they played that game
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gandalf forced a party on Bilbo to get rid of all his food so he wouldn't have a rotten pantry when he came back.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gangs are just frats for people who don't go to college
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gary Busey's out there just doing something right now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gay people dress so well because they've been in the closet so long.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gay sex is literally twice as manly as straight sex
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	George McFly paid to have his car cleaned by someone that tried to rape his wife. That's a bit fucked up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	George R.R. Martin could write sex scenes for any actor he wants to see naked in the show.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	George R.R. Martin is taking his time writing the final GoT books because he realized the only way to hurt fans more than killing off all their favorite characters is to die himself before completing the series.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	George RR Martin dying before he can complete his series would be meta as fuck and help highlight his themes about death and reality.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	German Shepherd is also a type of human.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Getting A Ticket Is Like Retroactively Purchasing A Permit To Do Something Illegal
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Getting Reddit gold and not editing your comment to say thank you is like walking away from an explosion and not looking back
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Getting a blow job is literally having "the life sucked out of you."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Getting a dollar every six minutes sounds alot better then getting ten dollars every hour
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Getting a haircut is like the final boss of making small talk.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Getting a life sentence in jail is like getting the death penalty but with the execution method being death by old age.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Getting another set of teeth would be much more useful at age 60 than age 6.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Getting birthday money is the real life equivalent of passing 'Go' and collecting $200.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Getting dick pics is like a cat giving you a dead mouse. "I can see you're proud, but I'm going to throw that away without ever touching it."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Getting mail as a child is infinitely more fun than getting mail as an adult.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Getting married at 21 is like leaving the party at 9:15 pm
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Getting married takes signing one document, getting divorced is close to 100. Shouldn't it be harder to get married than divorced so we'll avoid more divorces?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Getting off is good. Getting Laid is good. Getting laid off is bad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Getting out a piece of paper while doing calculations is basically getting your brain extra RAM
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Getting pissed at a video game is basically like saying "I paid you to distract me from real life, and you can't even do that right"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Getting stoned in 2015 A.D. is fun. Getting stoned in 2015 B.C. is not.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ghost sightings sure fell out of popularity now that everyone has a smartphone in their pocket
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ghosts that haunt graveyards are really lazy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gifs are just normal pictures in the Harry Potter Universe
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gifs shouldn't start playing until they've fully loaded.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ginger was the only Spice Girl who was actually a spice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ginger was the only true Spice girl
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Giraffes must take forever to vomit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Girl Scouts are the ONLY door to door salesmen that make me want to say "Where the hell have you been?!" when they show up
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Girl Scouts is basically a brand-name cookie company that gets away with child labor.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Girls always say it's "gross" that I used to work at a porn shop and that it must have had a lot of "creepy" guys - 95% of the customers were female buying sex toys. Guys mostly bought bongs.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Girls always say they appreciate the little things in life, until you whip out your little penis.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Girls always want a taller guy, but consistently complain about being tall. It's because your mom found a taller guy, and the cycle continues.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Girls are more comfortable being naked around each other because they don't have to worry about getting an accidental erection and making things awkward.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Girls can't find their hairclip, but they remember what you said exactly 2 yrs ago at 2:13am
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Girls don't really buy hair ties. They just rent them from the universe for an undisclosed amount of time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Girls wear makeup to look older. Women wear makeup to look younger.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Give someone a penny for their thoughts. Take their two cents. Repeat. Profit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Given that Deadpool is aware he is in a comic/movie, the best commentary track for the BluRay would be Deadpool watching his own movie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Given that I visit Reddit far more often than Facebook, it stands to reason that I prefer perfect strangers over actual friends and family.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Given the choice between $1,000,000,000 or a single chicken wing, a dog will choose the chicken wing every time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Giving blood for the Red Cross sounds metal as hell if you don't know what the Red Cross is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Giving out candy on Halloween is like paying protection money to a child mafia so they won't vandalize your house.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Giving someone a heater as a house warming gift is a literal house warming gift.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Giving someone gold on Reddit is like saying "I enjoyed what you said enough to pay you for it. But instead I'm going to pay someone else to give you a tiny pixelated gold image."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Glass half full and Glass half empty doesn't depend on your philosophical bend as much as it depends on whether it was poured half way up or drank half way down
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Global warming is the revenge of dinosaur ghosts because we disturbed their oily slumber.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	GoFundMe should automatically put up rejected ideas on a wall of shame called "GoFundYourself."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	GoPro should manufacture a police body camera and name it either the GoPro 5-0 or the GoPro Popo.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Goat milk should be marketed to children with the slogan "Kids love it!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Goats are like gift cards for 3rd world countries.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	God bless public restrooms with paper towels instead of those blow thingys
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	God is often depicted as male and this offends many people. The same people don't care that Satan is depicted as male too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	God is the most AFK admin ever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Going on a Welsh journey to Llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch is something that is easier done than said.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Going private is the funniest thing I've seen out of /r/funny in ages.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Going to bed 10 minutes earlier doesn't seem like anything but sleeping in 10 minutes feels like everything.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Going to see Star Wars tomorrow. I think I'm more excited about no longer having to dodge spoilers than I am to see the actual movie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Going to work hungover is like playing your job on a harder difficulty.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gonorrhoea sounds like a medicine to treat Diarrhoea
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Good and Evil are both only one letter away from God and the Devil.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Good atheists deserve a place in heaven more than good religious people, because their good behaviour was never stimulated by any rewards.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Good drivers should be allowed to level up and gain new abilities, like left on red lights when no traffic is around
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Good guy Elon Musk - Finds out that Facebook is spying on everyone - Destroys their $200 million dollar spy satellite by blowing up his own rocket.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google Earth gives You the opportunity to go and see anywhere in the world... so what you do? You go and look at your house.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google Earth is good for finding out which of your neighbors has a pool
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google Maps should have a "halfway point" option. Where it lists restaurants and things to do halfway between the two locations you enter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google Maps should have a "road trip" feature that highlights points of interest along your planned route.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google Street View Should Have A "Time Travel" Feature So That Future Generations Can See What Places Looked Like In The Past.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google and Apple build driver-less cars cause the only time you're not on your phone is when you drive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google chrome should have a mute button for each tab.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google earth should have a nighttime feature so you can see different cities' night life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google has been doing the largest AMA in history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google is always doing an AMA
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google is better at finding posts on reddit than the search on reddit itself
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google is better at searching reddit than reddit's own search engine
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google is like CTRL+F for the entire internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google is the place you go when you have a question. Reddit is where you go to find the questions you would never have ever thought to ask.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google maps should have a "Scenic!" route option for when we're not in a hurry and just want to enjoy the ride.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google maps should have a "home town" option that starts directions from the nearest major intersection, and doesn't waste time telling me how to get out of my own neighborhood.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google maps should have a "on the way" feature to find the most convenient gas station, Starbucks, or whatever along the route to your destination.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google maps should have a feature where if you know a better route, you can say "OK, Google, watch this," and then drive it. They could improve their directions that way.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google maps should have an "I need gas" feature. This button would re-direct your route through the nearest gas station.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google maps should team up with garbage trucks to update street view weekly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google self-driving car should have an "I'm Feeling Lucky" button that drives you to a random location.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google should collect roadkill statistics just like traffic data and create a map overlay that tells you where high risk areas of encountering animals on the road exist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google should do a "Street View" of the International Space Station.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google should give you an award if you're the first person to ever Google something.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google should have a "Trailblazer Notice" that tells you "Hey! Guess what!" if the thing you searched has never been searched before.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google should launch Googlr, similar to Tinder, Grindr, and Sizzlr, to match you with potential soulmates based on your search history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google should let you know and congratulate you whenever you enter something into the search engine that's never been searched before.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google should make a new filter: No Pintrest results.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google should mess with us by always making the link to the déjà vu Wikipedia page purple
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google should produce and maintain an online jokes database and call it "Giggle".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google should send a self-driving car to capture street view images in Chernobyl.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google should send you an alert every time someone searches your home address on Maps.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google should tally all the scores from the offline dinosaur game in an area and bring Google Fiber to whichever area racks up the most points.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Google should tell you if you're the first person to ever Google something
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Googling 'nice truck' will never be the same again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gorillas don't know any bodybuilding techniques so we have probably never seen one at full potential.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gorillas don't know any bodybuilding techniques so we probably have never seen one at full potential.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gotham City is kinda screwed if it's a clear night and there aren't any clouds to put the bat signal on
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gotye is now someone that we used to know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gotye is someone we used to know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Goyte is now literally just somebody that we used to know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Grand Theft Auto is such a common game now that I frequently forget that it's the name of an actual crime
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Grandpa Joe Laid in bed for 20 years while his daughter and grandson worked their asses off to support him. As soon as he gets to go to a chocolate factory, he literally dances out of the door. Grandpa Joe was an asshole.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gravity is more relevant to the plot of Interstellar than to plot of the movie that is actually named "Gravity."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gray hair is just your hair printer running out of ink.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Great Britain learned one crazy trick to lose billions of pounds overnight.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up I was always told how smart I was. Now that I'm an adult I realize I'm not really smart at all.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up doesn't mean that the teenage angst stops, you just stop making a scene about it because you realise nobody cares.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up in a house of 7, 5 of them women, I never cared which way the toilet paper was facing, I just wanted there to be toilet paper
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up in an Anglican church, whenever somebody says "May the fourth be with you," I always want to say "and also with you"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up in the 90s, I assumed African killer bees were going to be something I'd have to worry about on a daily basis.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up is going from being excited for Ralphie getting his Red Ryder BB gun to seeing how happy and excited the father was the share something amazing with his son.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Growing up is realizing that "Lord Farquaad" in Shrek actually means "Lord Fuckwad"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up is realizing that the bottom bunk is probably more convenient.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up marijuana was seen as a gateway drug for harder drugs but, ironically, Chuck E. Cheese was never seen as a gateway for gambling.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up my parents made me believe that someone turning a light on in the car while I'm driving was going to be a much bigger issue in my life than it actually is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up playing Monopoly I was lead to believe that there is such a thing as a bank error in my favor.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up, I heard a lot about Anchovy Pizzas. Now that I'm an adult, I realize that I have never once heard anyone order an Anchovy Pizza.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up, I thought 'slow dances' would be a bigger occurrence in my adult life than it is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up, I used to look forward to a 3 month break. As an adult, I get a 4 day weekend and it's the highlight of my year.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up, everyone tells you to chase your dreams. Once you become an adult everyone tells you to be realistic.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Growing up, everyone was worried that "the powers that be" were going to microchip us. With the spread of smart phones, we microchipped ourselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gum is just a human chew toy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Guns are basically just an advanced way for people to throw rocks at each other.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Guns is another name for arms and arms is another name for guns.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Guys think girls dress up for them, but really, girls dress to impress other girls. Guys work out and think it'll impress girls, but mostly impress other dudes that work out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Guys who think girls don't notice when they are nice, are probably ONLY nice to girls they think are pretty.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Guys, if a girl hits you with the "I'm pregnant" text on April Fools Day just reply yeah you looked like you were gaining weight
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gym Machines should have high scores
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Gyms should have memberships where your fee goes down based on how often you go.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	H20 is a chemical. Water guns are chemical weapons.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	HBO should buy the rights to Harry Potter and make a series where every season is based around one book.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hackers have broken this year's biggest stories, while journalists have tried to cover them up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Had Voldemort hidden pieces of his soul in mundane objects like rocks, instead of rings, diadems, and other valuable items, and scattered them at the bottom of the ocean, he would have been truly immortal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Had he not been healed, Frodo would have made the dorkiest ringwraith in the history of Middle earth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hair dressers should only be allowed to decorate their salons with pictures of people with haircuts THEY did.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Half Life 3 was never meant to exist. Half Life + Half Life = one full life
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Half of 8 is 4. Half of 8 is also 3. Half of 8 can also be 0
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Half of Blink 182 is Wink 91
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Half of Blink182 would be Wink91
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Half the time when it says the video will start after an advertisement I decide, "Meh, I don't really want to watch this video that much anyways" and close it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Half the world is starving and the other half is trying to lose weight.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Halloween is a great day to be a burglar. You can dress in all black, wear a mask, and carry your loot around in a sack with a dollar sign on it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Halloween is the best day to break out of prison.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Halloween is the worst day to have an actual, bleeding injury
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Halloween is the worst day to severely cut your face or hurt yourself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Han Solo doesn't seem so great when you realize who his real-world analog would be: A trucker doing cross-border smuggling for drug cartels, who shot a guy in a bar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hand sanitizer should be renamed small cut finder.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Handcuffing a deaf person infringes upon their 1st Amendment rights.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Handcuffing a deaf person who uses sign language to communicate is like gagging them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hanging pictures of your children in your office is an implied threat. "These kids will die of malnutrition if you fire me."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hangovers are the body's way of saying "Oh, by the way, that was poison."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Happiness is such a good drug that you use other drugs to crave it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Happy Scottish Dependance Day
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hard drive recovery will be a valuable skill for future archaeologists.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Harry Potter fans who have only seen the movies have no idea who Peeves is.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Harry Potter is actually kind of an asshole. He's not very good at magic, and he's constantly relying on his friends to do his research for him and bail him out so he can take all the credit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Harry Potter is the ultimate example of someone that 'peaked in high school.'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Harry Potter named his kids like some geek who is obsessed with Harry Potter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Harry Potter would have been amazing if each book got a season in a Netflix series.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Has anyone actually finished the "99 of beer on the wall" song?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Has anyone ever noticed how in Harry Potter, the soul-eating dementors never go for Ron?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hats off to the first guy in history to ever eat a crab, for he must have been the hungriest person in existence... "Woah, look at that giant armored spider of the sea, let's eat it!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Have I ever had milk from the same cow twice?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Have you ever stopped paying attention in class, realized you stopped paying attention and started focusing so hard on paying attention you're not paying attention?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Have you ever thought about the significance of a father calling his kid a "little squirt"?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Have you noticed how guys always shake their gas pistol when they are finished and women don't?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having "Birthday Sex" essentially means that you're having sex to celebrate your parents having had sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having "active shooter" drills in schools is teaching your shooters where you'll be hiding.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having $200 in your bank account feels amazing when you're younger, but terrifying when you're older.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having Facebook, there is no more reason to have high school reunions, you already know what people are up to and you still don't care.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having a bath is "downloading" water; having a shower is merely "streaming" it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having a bloody nose in England must be a tough situation to explain to another person.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Having a child is like having a really shitty roommate that never cooks, cleans, or pays rent.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having a creative password is really unfortunate. Because as much as you want to, you can't tell anyone about it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having a face only a mother could love is pretty cool when you toss MILFs into the equation
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having a favorite color turned out to be less important than I expected as a child.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having a toddler is like being on a permanent escort mission: A low AI character tries to follow you around, and if you're not careful enough, they'll find a way to kill themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having a video not load after watching an entire ad, is like the equivalent of having a vending machine eat your money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having an IQ of just above average is the worst. You're smart enough to notice how stupid others are but not smart enough to make a big difference.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having anti-piracy messages on legitimately bought and legal DVDs is like lecturing a punctual classroom on attendance.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having random boners as a teenager is like having a Pokemon that is too high of a level to control.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having sex in public is like eating a noisy bag of chips in church.... Everyone looks at you in disgust but deep down inside they want some too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having sex with Mila Kunis would actually kind of suck, because when you closed your eyes it would sound like you were banging Meg.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having sex with a horse is legal in more states than smoking Marijuana. God bless America.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having someone's picture as the background of your smartphone is the modern day equivalent of having someone's picture in your wallet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having the last name of Down and trying to be a police officer would make the job highly inconvenient for your coworkers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Having to watch an ad doesn't make me want to buy a product, it just makes me hate the product/company
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Healthy is simply the slowest rate at which you can die.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hearing my voice on a recording makes me want to apologize to everyone I've ever spoken to
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hearing someone was 'hacked' doesn't strike fear the way it would have 100 years ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Heat, Pressure, and Time. The three things that make a diamond, are also the three things that make a waffle.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Helen Keller would have probably been completely immune to flash-bang grenades.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hey Arnold's mom isn't on the show because she probably died giving birth to him and his huge skull.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	High IQ can result in the ability to create brilliant justifications for doing terribly stupid things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	High School should have a required class called life where they teach finance, real estate, taxes, and other essential life skills.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	High school is like a free trial on education. Once you've graduated, they say "now if you want to continue, pay $50,000"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	High school teachers tell us not to plagiarize, but they get all of their assignments from the internet
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	High schools should have a "How to adult" class, where students learn how to do taxes, resumes, and other essential adult things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	High schools should make shop and basic plumbing courses mandatory, so everyone can fix basic house problems
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Highwaythoughts: On the back of road signs, they should put the text in reverse, that way, you can read the sign you just passed in your rear view mirror, in case you missed it the first time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hillary and Bill Clinton should be known collectively as Hillbilly
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hindus revere cows as being sacred. The rest of the world kills and eats cows on an enormous scale. No holy war waged, props to them...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hippo is faster then human both on land and in water, so bicycle is your only chance to beat it in triathlon
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Historians are very important people...they are currently saving our progress.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	History classes are only going to get longer and harder as time goes on.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Hitler masturbated.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hitler probably turned out to be so aggressive because throughout his life time travelers kept turning up trying to kill him
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hitler ruined a name, a mustache, a symbol for peace, and literally just raising your arm in the air.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hockey is much better if you imagine the teams are fighting over the world's last Oreo.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hodor is basically a Pokemon. He is only able to say his name and he fights under his master's control.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hogwarts should have a muggle teacher, to teach about electricity and such.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Holding down the "Print Screen" button should create a gif of what was happening on your screen while you were holding it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Holding my finger on the power button to shut my computer down feels like suffocating someone with a pillow
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Holding the power button to shut down your computer feels like you're choking someone to death.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hollywood shouldn't remake good movies, they should remake terrible movies and make them better.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Home is where I don't mind my dick touching the toilet seat when I sit down
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Homeless people are really good at finding sharpies and cardboard.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Homeless people are the ultimate proof that ignoring a problem doesn't make it go away.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Homeless people should relocate to local Best Buy, Toys R Us, Walmart locations for the holidays. Get line for Black Friday. Then sell their spot in line on Thanksgiving night.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Homosexuality is older than the bible,the guy writing it had to know about such a thing before complaining about it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Homosexuality predates Christianity, so it's actually more natural to have gay sex than it is to worship Jesus
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Honesty is probobly one of the most highly regarded traits in a person, but if I was 100% honest 100% of the time I probobly wouldn't have any friends, family or even a job
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hooters restaurant should introduce options for drink sizes: A Cup, B Cup, C Cup...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hooters should do a home delivery service and call it 'Knockers'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hooters should just give job applicants a bra and say "here, fill this out."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Horrible and horrific are synonyms. Terrible and terrific are antonyms.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Horror movies should include a blooper section to help people relax before bed
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Horses must be the most farted upon creatures in the whole world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Horses went from pulling the cart to getting towed around in trailers. That's a pretty good deal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hotel vending machines should accept your room key as payment and have it charged to the room.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How I Met Your Mother is the longest Ted talk.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How I Met Your Mother was the world's longest TED Talk.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How It's Made is the only show that gets better the more they run out of ideas
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How attractive I feel changes a lot from day to day, week to week, but I probably look exactly the same to everyone else.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How come people don't sing happy birthday to the baby as it's being delivered? I mean That's their actual birthday.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How cool it would be to downvote your friends Facebook status without knowing whom they came from. Then maybe they would stop posting pics of their kids
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How cool would it be to see your brain's "task manager"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How did Americans go from rallying against the 1% to potentially nominating the embodiment of the 1%?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	How did a guy with a name like 'Magic Johnson' wind up an athlete and not a porn star?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How did hamsters ever survive in the wild?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How do nudists clean their glasses?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How does Superman have any muscle mass? It's not like he can do resistance training.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How far back in history do you have to go before it's considered archaeology instead of grave robbing?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How fast a car can go from 100-0 is probably more important than how fast it can get from 0-100.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How fast a car goes 60-0 is a lot more important than how fast it goes 0-60.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How has r/goldenshowers not been renamed r/kelly?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How hilarious would it be if farting was as contagious as yawning
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	How is "Selfie Stick" not yet a slang term for a dildo?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How is it that facebook can recognize faces, cars can almost drive themselves, but the vending machine still can't read my dollar bill if it has a wrinkle?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How many animals did we try to ride before we got the right one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How many times do you think that you've seen the exact same bird outside, but had no idea that you've looked at it before.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How many trees does it take before you start calling it a forest?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	How much fun it would be to own a lightsabre in a zombie apocalypse
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	How much good porn have I missed because the thumbnail didn't interest me.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	How pissed is the guy who killed 9 people in SC, trying to start a race war, but instead, ended the Confederate flag as we know it?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	How shitty do you think that one kid in Airbud felt when he got replaced by a dog in the championship game?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	How the fuck am I meant to stay with the same girl for the rest of my life when I can't even jack off over the same porn twice?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	How the fuck did cake become so fucking special. Birthday cake, Wedding cake, Graduation cake, Retirement cake... I wanted apple pie but Nnnoooo we have to serve cake. Eat a Dick cake.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	HowToBasic should make an April Fools video where he cooks something correctly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Huddle is a more manly word for cuddle
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hugh Jackman 16 years as wolverine and never wore the yellow suit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Human beings are the most intelligent and complex organisms in the known universe. They're often made by accident.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Human mouths always had the ability to beat-box. Someone a thousand years ago could have dropped the sickest beats of all time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humanity went from PvE to PvP
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humanity won't care about investing seriously into space travel, until we are in a situation where we wished we invested more into space travel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humanity's fear of aliens boils down to fearing that aliens will treat humanity like humanity treats the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humans are Half-Centaur, Half-Minotaur
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humans are a really good example of how dangerous an invasive species is for the local environment
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humans are inherently lonely cause no one can "hear" your thoughts except you. Even when you express some through words, you cannot describe the full gamut of your mind.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humans are originally from Mars, but after using up all its resources and destroying the atmosphere, scientists launched a vessel containing basic genetic material to start a new world into space. This vessel was the asteroid that killed the dinosaurs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humans are weird. We invented the helmet so we could keep doing the things that were wrecking our heads.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humans can't even co-exist peacefully with their own kind on Earth and somehow still manage to convince themselves that meeting an extra-terrestrial species would go smoothly
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humans cut down trees to build bird houses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humans have a 12-16 hour battery life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humans have a 16 hour battery life
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humans have a fear of aliens coming to Earth with superior technology and killing everyone but that's exactly what happened to the Native Americans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humans have become scientifically advanced to the point of engineering 75-ton planes that fly tens of thousands of feet high. But we're still superstitious enough to not put the number 13 on them.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Humans have made themselves so comfortable that they build scary rides so they can remember what it's like to shit themselves with fear.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Humans have shit all over Jalapeños' defense mechanism by turning their defense into cuisine.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Humans require years of training to not shit themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humans spend 33.3% of their lives asleep. They spend 50% of that dreaming. That means that 16.6% percent of your life experiences never happened.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humans spend the first 18 (or more) years of their lives getting caught up to speed about what the other humans have been doing for the past few thousand years
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Humans will suck dick and eat assholes but are hesitant to eat a browning banana.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Humans would secretly communicate through Captcha in case robots become self aware and try to take over the World
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hundreds of kids killed in Syria, no one bats an eye. A lion killed and the whole world gets in a uproar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hundreds of people put thousands of hours of work into a project, just for me to watch two minutes of it on Netflix then say "Ugh, nevermind."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hurricanes are becoming so powerful and violent that they should be named after fictitious monsters and villains to encourage evacuation. Hurricane Patricia doesn't sound scary, but Hurricane Sauron does.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Hyperlinks go from Blue to Purple when you click them because then you've "Red" them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I Wish the word palindrome was a palindrome
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I Wonder what would happen if NASA's 17.5 Billion Dollar Budget was switched with the US Military budget of 683.7 Billion?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I add "reddit" after every question I search on Google because I trust you all more than other strangers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I almost didn't join Reddit because the layout was so annoying, but now I couldn't imagine it any other way.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I also have a teardrop tattoo for every person I've killed.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I always assume my cat likes it when I meow at him, but I'd be pretty fucking freaked out if he started making human sounds at me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always avoid the 'Ad' links when Google searching, even when that is the link that I want.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always felt bad that the rabbit never got any trix and I hated the kids for it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always imagine the questions in Askreddit are all from the same person. He seems nice but a little annoying.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always lie on those "18 and up" websites that ask for a DOB. Not because I'm under 18, but because I'm so old, it's a hassle to scroll to find my actual year of birth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always put my music on shuffle but then get annoyed when it doesn't play the songs I want.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always read the TL;DR, even after I read the whole submission.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always read the tl;dr even though I read the post
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always say I've "heard" things I've learned on Reddit to make it seem like I talk to more people than I actually do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always scratch under my dogs collar in case he has an itch there that he can't get.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always seem to have a just strong enough data connection to play a YouTube ad without interruptions but never the video I'm am trying to watch.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always skip Google searches that have the word Ad in front of their URL. Google is ultimately charging companies for me not to click their websites.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always stress out trying to hide my boner in public, but I've never noticed another guy have a boner before
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always take for granted how awesome it is that my body is waterproof. I can confidently jump in a pool or a bath tub without the fear of my insides filling up with water and dying.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always tell my dog to have a good day when I leave for work, but I don't know if he actually does have a good day or not.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always thought jokes about Germans were exaggerated, until I spent 30 minutes to explain the concept of knock knock jokes to my German dad
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always use too much shampoo the day after a haircut.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always want a poo that requires one clean wipe, but when it comes back clean I always double check because I don't believe the first one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I always want to sleep in to get more sleep, but I never want to go to bed early.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am 13.7 billion years old according to law of mass conservation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am 136 - 0 for not finding a dead prostitute in the hotel rooms I've rented in my life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am First World Poor. I use my laptop or smartphone to log into my bank account to see I have no money.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I am a firm believer that every traffic jam starts with one dumbass
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am a much better proofreader the moment after I post something than the moment before.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am a time traveler. I only go one direction and I do so patiently.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am against monopolies in principal, but I still want Netflix to have all the shows.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am almost 100% more likely to click on a gif than I am a youtube video
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am as old as the universe because matter cannot be created or destroyed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am currently controlling miniscule lights on your display
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am forever disappointed that a group of squid is not called a squad
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am glad that farts aren't contagious as yawns
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I am just a penis. The rest of me is just there to make sure my penis survives long enough to make more penises.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am less concerned about what homeless people do with my spare money than what most major banks would do with the same money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am more comfortable talking with newer friends because they are familiar with the newest incarnation of me and hold less expectations.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am more interested in the thoughts of strangers on Reddit than any of my friend's tweets or Facebook statuses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am more responsible with the resources I have in video games than I am with the resources I have in real life.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I am more willing to go to the 12th page of pornhub than I am to the 2nd page of google.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am no where near as scary as 10 year old me thought people my age are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am one half centaur.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am pretty sure that most of the adults who told me wiki is a terrible source, now use viral facebook posts for most of their "news sources".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am really proud of the soft drink industry for agreeing on a standard cap size for bottles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am so bad at capchas, I am starting to suspect I am not human.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am so happy I live in a world with Facebook. Before that, it would have taken weeks, even months, before finding out someone was an idiot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am surprised more ELI5 answers arent "because i told you so".
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I am the result of 3,5000,000,000,000 years of things successfully fucking each other.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am tied for the world record for the least amount of world records.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I am willing to bet that every carpenter who has ever picked up a stud finder has pointed it at himself, said "beep," and declared it to be in perfect working order.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I assume all skulls are male
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I assume everyone on Reddit is a dude about my age unless they state otherwise.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I assume everyone on Reddit is a straight white male atheist from the USA unless they state otherwise
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I avoid having to read an entire linked article by reading triple its length in reddit comments.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I base my purchases almost solely on user reviews, but I never review products myself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I became an adult the day I realized that parking near the entrance is not as good as parking near the cart corral.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I before E except after C is another theory disproved by Science.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet 7-11 is glad the Twin Towers attack wasn't on July 11
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet Clark Kent lied during his job interview when asked what was his greatest weakness.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet Dog Heaven is located directly underneath Toddlers Eating Messily At A Table Heaven.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet I can have pretty loud sex without offending the neighbors, as long as I play the Game of Thrones theme song first.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet I'd make a fortune if I opened a kiosk in the mall that sews real pockets into women's pants
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet Kanye West will be the first person to perform with the hologram of Kanye West
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet Pokémon Go will eventually turn into an advertising platform, selling "ads" to local businesses by placing rare Pokémon at their location
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet Sloppy Joe meat would taste amazing in a quesadilla, and you could call them Sloppy Josés
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet a heroin junkie could find a needle in a haystack.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet a lot more people would be on board with the draft if they just called it "Call of Duty 5: Actual Warfare"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet art schools have the best bathroom graffiti
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet attractive people think the world is a lot kinder than it actually is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet attractive people think the world is a lot more polite than it really is
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet clapping was invented by the first guy nobody wanted to high five.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet couples in the Harry Potter universe sometimes use polyjuice potion to turn into one another and have sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet drug dealers wish they could sell their drugs for as much as the police think they're worth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet foreigners visiting the U.S. are wondering why we never use the top half of our flag poles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet genies were a real thing until one jerk wished for genies not to exist anymore
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet giraffes don't even know what a fart smells like
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet giraffes never have to smell their own farts
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I bet if you texted "I heard what you said about me" to every person in your phone you could find out some real shit for sure.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet in 1989, when people were watching Back to the Future II and wondering what 2015 would be like, very few people guessed we'd be getting psyched up for a new Star Wars movie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet it's pretty hard to give a loud, impassioned political speech in Germany nowadays.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet mailmen sometimes try to get in to the passenger's side of their cars after work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet more people would use the Gamblers Addiction Hotline if 1 out of every 5 callers got a prize.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet no one will say "he's in a better place" when Hugh Hefner dies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet people who work at the Patent Office spend a lot of time wishing they thought of that.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet people would look better in their driver's license pictures if they took the photo at the beginning of the DMV visit rather than the end.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet teen pregnancies have gone down because you can buy condoms at self checkouts now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet the Colorado and Washington girl scouts have been killing it in sales the past couple of years
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet the medieval stretching torture device felt really good for the first few seconds.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet the top 1% of Redditors have more karma and gold than the entire bottom 50% combined
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet there's a direct relationship between the rise of smartphone usage and a decline in bathroom stall graffiti.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet there's some mail carriers out there with amazing Pokémon GO accounts
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I bet when the Pope is in a room where someone sneezes, everyone looks at him expectantly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I boycott every company that has a YouTube ad over 20 seconds with no skip button.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I browse Reddit on my phone while on the toilet for shits and giggles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I buy trashbags just so I can throw them away.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can do amazing drifts, jumps and other things in racing games that I couldn't do in real life. Yet driving normally and keeping the car on the right side in those games is next to impossible.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can download a 1GB file from the other side of the world faster than I can transfer it to my USB stick.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I can drink 10 alcoholic cola mixed drinks every weekend without a second thought but whenever I drink a normal can of coke I feel like a fat fuck
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can gather spit in my mouth and swallow it with no issue but the thought of spitting into a cup and swallowing it after is disgusting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can go East or West forever, but if I go North I will eventually go South.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can hold my breath for the rest of my life
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can kiss your lips, look into your eyes, but suddenly it's weird if I sniff your nose.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can make up any TIL I want and then link a really long Wikipedia page and 99% of Redditors will never actually read the wiki but will assume the fact is true.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can never flirt with an attractive bank teller because she will always know how poor I really am
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can only visualize a gallon in the shape of a milk jug.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can post this here, and someone I've never met, seen, or even knew existed will most likely see this.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can readily find videos of people being brutally beaten and murdered on youtube but if I use 30 seconds of a song my account gets terminated.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can search the entire Internet faster than I can search my computer
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can send pictures of smiling poo, but I can't text in italics
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can send someone a poop emoji, but I can't type a text with italics.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can slowly feel myself getting older by how long I have to scroll down to find my birth year on website age gates.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can spend $2 almost every day on my morning coffee and it's nothing but spending $0.99 on an app seems just outrageous.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can stream Netflix in 1080p HD all day but god forbid I try to load a GIF on imgur.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can tell how productive I was, at work, by how much battery my cell phone has left when I leave.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can tell that I just Googled a stupid question when Yahoo Answers is one of the top hits.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can tie a tie. I can fix my car. Youtube has replaced my father.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can transfer data from my brain to someone else's by opening my mouth and pushing air in their direction.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I can wipe my ass with 1 square of toilet paper, but only if it's the last square on the roll.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't be the only one that is sick of pretending to be sad when a famous person that had no impact on my life dies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't be the only one who says "no it won't" out loud and hit the back button when a YouTube video says "your video will play after this ad."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't believe DC failed to make a story about a team of human convicts believable, but I never once questioned Marvel's gods from another world coming to earth and chilling with a dude who turns green when he gets upset.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't believe Keith Richards outlived David Bowie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't believe a James Bond movie didn't come out in 2007
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't believe breakfast cereal companies haven't come up with a better idea to close their damned cereal boxes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't believe frying pans and pots don't have standardized detachable handles yet. One handle fits all, and storage would be so much easier.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't believe that people with prosthetic limbs haven't gotten cool addons like a flashlight wrist or a laser finger. Or a taser hand.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't decide if people who wear pyjamas in public have given up on life or are living it to the fullest.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't imagine a male version of Orange is the New Black-- a show about men going to prison and having sex with each other that I have to convince my girlfriend to watch with me and all my straight male friends and I love and talk about it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't imagine fighting in armor. I feel uncomfortable just walking uphill in blue jeans
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't look at a word without reading it
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I can't make a call because Skype is improving my Skype experience, but what would really improve my experience is being able to make a fucking call.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't remember a single product I've seen advertised on Youtube. Not one. My brain registers the ad as an impediment to what it wants and immediately shifts my focus to something else until it's over.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't remember the last time world peace was talked about except in a beauty competition.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't submit anything on reddit because most subreddits want a minimum amount of karma. I can't get any karma because I'm not allowed to submit anything. This feels just like applying for jobs that demand work experience after studying ...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't tell if I'm becoming more attractive or if I'm just getting used to how ugly I am.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't think of a phrase with a more reverse impact than, "Calm Down".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't wait for the wave of angry parents who took their kids to see the Deadpool movie without knowing what it is
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't wait till 2020 so I can wear those New Year's Eve glasses and continuously make the joke about 20-20 vision.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't wait till it's the future and the kid that got into the Harambe pit does an AMA
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I can't wait until I'm 80 when I can be as lazy and worthless as I am now, but instead of being considered a loser people will be amazed that I can still smoke pot and play video games.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I can't watch The Walking Dead because I can't suspend disbelief in a zombie apocalypse where nobody ever says the word "fuck"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I cannot WAIT for the south park episode about Pokémon go.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I cannot bother to watch a two hour movie on Netflix but I can binge-watch a show, where one episode is 50 minutes long.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I cannot look at a word without reading it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I cannot wait until I can pirate Lego sets from a 3D printer in the future.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I cannot wait until a dental hygienist needs MY help with a computer. "Now, you know you haven't been backing up your data as frequently as you should, right?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I care a lot about what my computer background is, but rarely ever look at it
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I carry my phone with me to the bathroom to browse reddit literally for "shits and giggles".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I choose my friends based on whether we hate the same things more than on whether we like the same things
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I close Reddit because I'm bored, But then instinctively open it back up because I'm bored
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I close Reddit when I get bored and then instinctively open Reddit because I'm bored
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I consider the redditors that live in opposite time zones of me to be the night shift of reddit that always prepares content for me when I wake up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I correct autocorrect more than autocorrect corrects me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I correct autocorrect more than it corrects me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I correct autocorrect more times than autocorrect corrects me
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I could be anyone and you'd have no idea
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I could be middle aged right now because I don't know when I'm going to die.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I could get 90% off a Bugatti and I still wouldn't be able to afford it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I could have a child and keep it off the grid if it's a home birthed child, never get it a birth certificate or fingerprinted and just keep its birth a secret, homeschool it, and it could be one of the most dangerous unidentifiable people in the world
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I could increase my productivity tenfold by changing the title of my to-do list to "Active Quests"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I could post a pic of me winning a Nobel prize on instagram and still get less likes than a mildly attractive girl's picture of a bagel
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I definitely used way more glue in the first five years of my life than I have in all the time since then.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I didn't exist in your world until you started reading this sentence of mine
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I didn't know how many of my FB friends were experts on gorillas/zoo-keeping until this week.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I do not know which is worse: to be present and your presence not acknowledged; or to be absent and your absence not felt.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I don't actually dislike ads, I just dislike seeing the same ad, over and over, on every damn internet video I watch.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't agree with "save the children first" mentality. It takes way less time to replace a 5 year old kid than it does a 40 year old.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't appreciate the time that I don't have a cold nearly enough as I should.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't buy lotto tickets because I think I'll win, I buy it to grant myself access to day dream
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I don't care if people know I watch porn, I care if they know what kind of porn I watch.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't get why people are upset we haven't invented hover-boards by 2015 when according to the same movie, we should've had a time machine back in in 1985.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't have a headache. Thank goodness. You know, I never really appreciate not having a headache until I actually have a headache, so I should probably enjoy this moment
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't have a inner voice, I have 3 inner voices. One that says what I'm really thinking, one that calls me stupid for thinking that and one that tries to explain my point of view.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't hit the snooze button to get a few more minutes of sleep. I hit the snooze button hoping in the next few minutes, something happens so I don't have to go to work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't know what the word irony means anymore because so many people keep using it incorrectly. Oddly enough I suspect that that's ironic but I have no clue.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't like bumping into anyone I know in public because I hate jumping into character.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't like the fact that my body can kill me.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I don't mind advertisements at the beginning of porn videos, as it provides me with a final opportunity for emergency volume adjustment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't need to check Reddit every day - if I miss a popular post, I'll see it again in a few months.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't need to order the Ronda Rousey fight. I'll just watch the gif right afterwards.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't pay attention to usernames unless someone says "username checks out."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't post links on reddit because all the interesting things I find on the Internet are on reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't smoke cigarettes in my car or apartment because it's disgusting. I have more respect for my property than I do for my body.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't text or call people. I'm paying $70 a month to look at memes on the go.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I don't think I would recognize my own asshole if you showed it to me
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't think I've ever confidently used a semicolon in my life.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I don't think I've ever heard a car alarm going off and thought "Oh shit, someone's car is getting stolen!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't think I've ever met anyone whose favourite colour is brown
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I don't think I've ever seen an uncircumcised penis drawn on a bathroom stall
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't think the inventor of Twizzlers ever actually tasted a strawberry.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't think we're thankful enough that the whole world agreed on the same units of time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't trust people to genetically 'design' their child because I see what they do with character creation in games.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't understand how, late into the zombie apocalypse when the zombies have lost a lot of weight, they aren't walking with their pants around their ankles and tripping all the time.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I don't understand the human race. People eat each other's assholes, but won't eat the end piece of bread in a bag
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't understand why some Christians promote abstinence as a form of birth control when it didn't even work for Mary.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I don't watch porn for the plot, but I do notice plot holes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't wish to be rich to have a bunch of fancy things, I wish to be rich so I don't have to worry about being poor.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I dont know if jesus walked on water, but more recently ordinary people walked on the moon and I think thats more impressive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I don't necessarily work 'better under pressure', I just literally will not work until I am under the extreme pressure of time constraints created by my own unnecessary procrastination.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I drank nothing but breastmilk for an entire year of my life and I still have no idea what it tastes like
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I drive a 71 beetle. All day long people get punched, because of me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I drive safer when there's food on my passenger seat than when there's a person sitting there.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I exaggerate more than anyone in the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I excelled at Algebra, Calculus, and Trigonometry in high school and college... 20 years later and I've never used any of it once and can't remember 99% of it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I feel bad for Eminem's ex-girlfriend Kim because the world only ever hears his very angry side of the story.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I feel bad for Justin Bieber. He has been to every Justin Bieber concert.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I feel bad for kids in the future that will grow up on Mars and never make enough money in their lives to visit Earth
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I feel like Frodo would have some serious PTSD picking out an engagement ring.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I feel like I'm the charismatic leader of a cult my dogs are in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I feel like a boss whenever i use an inside breast pocket on a jacket.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I feel like a pimp taking my son around trick or treating, because I expect to get a percentage of that candy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I feel like being both a procrastinator and suicidal kinda just works itself out
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I feel like if Quentin Tarantino didn't start making movies, he would have become a serial killer.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I feel like my penis and the hulk are similar in many ways they both double there size, do things they regret, and then shrink feeling tired
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I feel like the kind of person who might mess with Texas wouldn't be dissuaded by a bumper sticker.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I feel more disappointed in myself when I click on click bait than I do about almost any other everyday bad decision
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I feel so stupid. It just clicked. "Ray-Bans" ban the sun's rays from your eyes... 28 years.....
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I feel uncomfortable calling someone from Mexico a "Mexican," or calling someone who follows Judaism a "Jew," even though they are technically correct terms, because assholes use those words as derogatory insults.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I find it funny how the first Netflix ads were aired on TV. It's like the the television networks assisted in their own homicide.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I find it hard to believe that absolutely EVERYbody was Kung fu fighting
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I find it so hard to think "sassy" or "rude" little children are cute. Because I know they are just mimicking their parents who are probably major assholes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I gave up on Facebook for Reddit. Instead of a steady feed of nonsense that I don't want to read from people I know, I get a steady feed of stuff I do want to read from strangers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I gave up soda because it's unhealthy, but three or four nights a week, I consume alcohol that could severely damage my liver and see nothing wrong with it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I get mild anxiety when I'm listening to the intro and I can't tell if it's going to be "Ice Ice Baby" or "Under Pressure"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I get oddly excited when my pee is clear and think "oh yea I'm so hydrated"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I get oddly stressed when I see someone post a screen shot and their phone's battery is low.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I get paid to work. I use the money to buy gym membership. The only reason I go to the gym is to get laid. I'm paying for sex
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I go on Facebook to see stupid comments from people I know and I go on Reddit to see smart comments from strangers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I go on Reddit in the morning to see if there's anything serious happening in the world, because I know if I see "this tomato looks like a duck" on the front page- everything must be okay.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I got hit by a train in my dream, and it woke me up. I got knocked conscious.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I got married so that I could live with a girl who doesn't flirt with me but gets angry when other girls do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I guess if I had to eat a person I would want them to be a vegetarian. I like irony and prefer grass fed beef.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I guess the moral of Willy Wonka is that 4/5 children are obnoxious and should just die.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I guess today is officially the day that Charlie is in charge of Wonka.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I had adblock on for so long that until today I didn't know reddit had ads.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I had blood drawn this morning. Later in the day I lost my virginity. My virgin blood still exists somewhere on earth, but it's not in me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I had no involvement in your life at all until you read this sentence
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I had this revelation today: I can tell when my husband is taking a shit when he mass - likes my posts on facebook.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hate XP grinding in video games, yet I'm currently doing 5 years of college with plans to continue after I graduate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hate any shampoo company that shapes their bottles in a way that makes it impossible to put them down upside down
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hate every shampoo company that shapes their bottles in a way that makes it impossible to put them down upside down.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hate it when anyone looks at my computer screen without me asking them to, regardless of what's on it.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I hate that obligatory feeling I get when I use a public restroom and have to clean someone else's piss off the toilet seat just so the person using the same stall after me doesn't think I left piss on the seat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hate when I've spent the whole morning on the Internet and then I sit down to go to the bathroom and I realize I've read all of the things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hate when people ask me to "watch their stuff", like what if someone actually comes and tries to steal it? Do I have to fight them? I'm not ready.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hate when people say 'tuna fish' sandwich. I don't say I'm having a 'chicken bird' or 'beef mammal' sandwich.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hate when people show me YouTube videos but love showing people YouTube videos
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I have 10 million different personalities.. In my testicles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have a Samsung. When I call my girlfriend at college, I'm calling from a Galaxy far, far away.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have a fear that someone will break in my house while I'm pooping and I have to fight him without wiping.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have a small tentacle in my mouth that helps me eat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have a weird grudge against stingrays ever since one killed Steve Irwin.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have an undergrad degree in math. I wonder how far back in time I have to go to be considered the world's greatest mathematician
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have arrived at the time in my life where 100$ is barely anything to receive, but way too much to give.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have been a pizza deliveryman for 72 hours. So far, exactly zero sexy babysitters have answered the door. I feel like I've been cheated, somehow.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have been burned more times by water than fire.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have been using Adblock for so long that I forgot YouTube even has ads.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have just realized I have survived literally everything life has thrown at me so far. I have an 100% survival rate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have memorized all the digits of pi, I just don't know what order they're in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have more respect for someone with opposing views but an open mind than someone with the same views and a closed mind.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never confused Digiorno pizza with delivery
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never ever stored any gloves in my car's glove compartment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never had a female pizza delivery person in my 27 years of life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never heard a woman narrate a movie trailer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never in my life wanted to text ducking.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never liked, commented, or subscribed, just because a youtuber asked me to
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never looked at a button, and thought it was cute.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never once hit the space bar while watching a YouTube video with the intention of scrolling halfway down the page
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never pressed the Shift key 5 times in short succession with the intention of activating Sticky keys.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never put a suit in a suitcase
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never seen a Starbucks commercial of any kind.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never seen a Starbucks commercial
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never seen a advertisement for Candy Corn. Ever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never seen a plus sized male model
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never seen someone write the letter "a" with how it is shown in most fonts. I have only seen it written as "ɑ."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have never told person 2 that person 1 said hello.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have no idea what I've forgotten
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have no idea where Puerto Rico is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have no physical evidence that today is Sunday, I just take everyone's word for it that they've kept count since the first one ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have no problem buying a single can ok Coke for $1, but I debate if the $5 for the 12 pack is really worth it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have no problem letting my mouth fill with saliva, then swallowing it. If you asked me to spit into a clean glass and pour it back into my mouth, however, I'd probably vomit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have no problems watching a 45 second gif on Reddit but balk at going to YouTube for a 10 second video
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have no way of knowing how many things I've forgotten that I said I'll never forget.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have noticed that when all the lights are on, people tend to talk about what they are doing - their outer lives. Sitting round in candlelight or firelight, people start to talk about how they are feeling - their inner lives.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have now gone from seeing a group of people at 3am and thinking, "Great another drug trade" to "Great another Pokémon Go group."
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I have probably missed out on tons of otherwise great porn clips just because the thumbnail didnt look good enough to click on...
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I have probably said the word "fuck" more times than my own name
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have so little faith in humanity I look both ways before crossing a one way road.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have spent an entire day not seeing, hearing, looking after or cleaning up after kids. A day like this would be an unspeakable luxury if I had kids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have spent well over 120,000 hours wearing pants, and therefore according to Malcolm Gladwell I am a complete master of the subject.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have successively pooped, going 500 mphs, in a chair, in the sky.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have the power to move things with my mind, but only while I'm holding them.﻿
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have twice as many ancestors as my Dad
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I have two boys. One of their penises resembles my own, the other doesn't. I can only surmise that that is what my wife's junk would look like if she were a man.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have two cushions. My wife bought them. Their sole reason for existence is to throw the them on the bedroom floor at 11pm every evening.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have visited Imgur countless times, yet never once have I purposefully gone to imgur.com for the sake of Imgur.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have won as many Oscars as Leonardo DiCaprio.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have yet to hear of an ovation that was of the non-standing variety.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have yet to meet a gay couple named Adam and Steve
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I have yet to see absolute proof that I'm not immortal
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I haven't been on Reddit nearly as much in the past week because I haven't been at work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I haven't clicked "page 2" on my Google researches for years.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I haven't heard a damn thing about acid rain since high school.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I haven't heard of any Bigfoot sightings in awhile. I hope he is ok
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I haven't misspelled bananas in 10 years thanks to Gwen Stefani.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I haven't read a shampoo bottle since I got my first smartphone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I haven't seen anyone complaining about the Starbucks cup. I've only seen people complaining about people complaining about the Starbucks cup.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I haven't swam competitively since I was a sperm.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I haven't written the cent symbol (¢) since second grade math class.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hit snooze to find out how my dream ends, even though I was the one making it up
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope I never go to jail because I haven't memorized a phone number since 2001.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope I never go to jail. I haven't memorized a phone number since 2002.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope I'm nowhere near a vibrator factory when the machines decide to rise up against the humans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope Jared Fogle gets fat again in prison.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope Leonardo DiCaprio wins an Oscar, because I am tired of hearing about Leonardo DiCaprio not winning an Oscar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope Steve Harvey doesn't announce the powerball numbers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope The Simpsons is cancelled before any of the main voice actors die because a family death episode would be too weird
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope boat engines are measured in seahorse power
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope fast food workers get their $15/hr wages so the cost of fast food will double and I will stop eating it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope my dog never realizes that I'm full of bones
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope science never figures out how to make dogs talk. If my dog ever learns to talk, everyone will know my deepest darkest secrets in exchange for a slice of cheese or something.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope that if Monica Lewinsky ever writes a memoir, she calls it "A Hard Bill to Swallow".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope that when Donald Trump dies he gets cremated and the guy working the oven says "You're fired" and laughs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope that when my generation is elderly that we don't sit around and play canasta but have nightly super smash bros tournaments in our retirement homes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope there is a special place is Hell for people who knock on bathroom doors then immediately attempt to open the door.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope they make 2 more Thor films so I can say at the cinema 'four for Thor 4 at 4'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I hope tomorrow we all can wake up, have a normal day, and go home and go to bed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I imagine my browser eye-rolling everytime I open a new incognito tab
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I imagine people in North Korea have an amazing view of the night sky.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I insult my best friend more than someone I hate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I judge people for their "Only God Can Judge" tattoo.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just ate 40 chicken wings. At least 10 chickens had to die for my single meal.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I just got a book (made of tree) and put it in gift wrap (made of tree). Then I wrote a card in pencil (made of more trees) to put it in an envelope (another tree) and put it all under a goddamned TREE.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just got married. This is the first time in my life that I've wanted to have sex with someone with same last name as me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just had a fajita wrap from Tim Hortons in New Jersey. That's Mexican food from a Canadian restaurant in the United States. I just ate North America.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just looked at a picture of a brain and I was grossed out by it. My own brain doesn't like how it looks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just murdered a tree and put its decorated corpse on display in my living room. For Jesus.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just now realized the connection between the words "timid" and "intimidate"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just procrastinated watching a TED talk on procrastination.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just read the word "emerged" out loud as "ermehgerd." Memes have ruined me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized "discovered" is the negative form of "covered"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized I haven't seen a single Guy Fawkes mask today. Good job everyone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized I prefer Reddit to Facebook. This means I'm more interested in what strangers have to say, rather than my friends.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized I'm a "service human" for my rescue dog with ptsd.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized I've survived everything I've ever encountered in life. I have a 100% survival rate over everything ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized Justin Bieber is Canadian and his most popular song is, "Sorry."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized how absurd the rotating license plates on James Bond's car are. Are we supposed to think that he could switch plates and become lost among all the other silver Aston Martin DB5s?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized it's called the Mediterranean sea because it's in the middle of all that land.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized that "homeowner" has "meow" in the middle of it and now I can't stop reading it as "ho-meow-ner".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized that being the dungeon master for your group of friends sounds very different to someone who has never heard of D&amp;D before
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized that dog toys have squeakers to simulate an animal making dying sounds.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized that my son's first birthday party will also be his first surprise party since there's NO WAY he's expecting it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized that watching magic tricks is basically like when you're playing with your dog and you pretend to throw the ball. I am the dog.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized that when I got clothes for Christmas as a kid from grandma, it wasn't a gift for me but for my broke mom
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized that whenever I hear a "... walk into a bar" joke, Ive been picturing the same bar my whole life. I wonder if it exists somewhere or if its just a mesh of different bars I saw on tv as a kid.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I just realized the phrase "honk if you're horny" is a pun about horns.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized there hasn't been any big 'End of The Whole World' hype this year good job everyone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized today on the beach that sand is called sand because it's between the sea and land
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just realized today's date 2016.10.2 is a palindrome, which is the same when you read it forward and backward.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I just texted myself something to remember it later. I'm so lazy that I sent data to space, bounced it off a satellite, and got it back rather than picking up a pencil and writing it down.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I keep my condoms in the same nightstand drawer as my gun. I have protection from every type of human in that drawer, from the unborn to the undead.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I kind of hope that one day in the future our recorded history gets lost or distorted to the point that the events of the Lord of The Rings are somehow misinterpreted to have actually happened long ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I know I'm getting old, because I don't know how Twitter, Instagram, or Snapchat work, and I'm okay with that.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I know more about WWII, which happened 50 years before I was born, than I do about the war Iraq War, which happened while I was alive
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I know more people whose lives were ruined as a result of World of Warcraft than as a result of smoking pot
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I know my way around the Grand Theft Auto maps way better than I do the city I've lived in for the last 20 years.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I left my moms house to deal with shitty roommates, higher bills, and more responsibilities just so I can comfortably have sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I like Reddit because I feel like I'm having conversations with minds and thoughts, not profile pictures and "look what I'm doing." Thanks for being you, Reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I like Reddit better than Facebook because at least the idiots on Reddit are anonymous.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I like Reddit more than Facebook, and I don't even know the people on Reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I like how "as fuck" is a common unit of measurement.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I like how Pitbull announces his name at the beginning of his songs so I can change the radio station
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I like how the term "as fuck" is a common unit of measurement.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I like how the term "as f*ck" is a common unit of measurement.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I like reading comments because it's like a conversation between people, but it's not weird if I just listen and don't add anything.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I like to go to self checkout because it doesn't judge me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I like to imagine that Satan has this adorable goat pen out back where he lovingly tends to all the goats that have been sacrificed to him.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I like to think money wouldn't change me; yet when I'm winning Monopoly I'm a terrible person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I literally cannot come up with a better business partnership than putting McDonalds in Walmart
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I live alone and have my own computer, but still use Incognito Mode for porn.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I live alone with a cat. The most used word in my home is probably "meow".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I live closer to space than to Asia
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I live in Colorado, I bought pot on my credit card. Wells Fargo fronted me an eighth. Thank you Wells Fargo.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I live in a country where millionaires and the unemployed are likely to have the same phone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I live in a modest 1 bed/bath apartment. To me it's small, but for insects that find their way in, it is akin to the Mines of Moria, huge and cavernous and unfamiliar architechure. And my cat is like the Balrog.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I live in a society where it's socially acceptable to say "I'm so hungry I could eat a horse", but it's not actually socially acceptable to eat a horse.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I live in an era where I'm actually more surprised to hear that two parents are still together than I am to hear that they're divorced
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I live in the U.K. My local pub has been a pub longer than America has been a country.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I live the same way I play RPGs, I ignore the main questline and mess around doing side quests
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I look both ways before crossing a one way street. That's how much faith I have left in humanity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I love being alone, but I hate feeling alone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I love how literal the word "fireplace" is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I love how stars are billions of miles apart and we're like "that's a soup ladle".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I love how television has redefined the word 'marathon' to the exact opposite of physical exercise
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I love listening to someone knowledgeable talk about a hobby I have no knowledge of. It reminds me how of much unnoticed complexity exists right beneath the surface of every aspect of life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I love sleep because it's like a time machine to breakfast.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I love that John Krasinski is the voice of esurance - Jim from The Office is endorsing a company that, literally, limits the need for paper...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I manage my money in a game better than I do in real life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I may go through my whole life with an allergy without ever knowing what it is
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I may not be 2016 healthy, but I'm 1816 healthy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I measure my day's productivity by the amount of phone battery remaining when I leave work.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I might have ejaculated a genius.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I miss being able to sit up without making sound effects.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I miss being the age I was when I thought I'd have it all together by the age I am now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I miss the days when bottle caps told you explicitly if you were a winner or not.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I mock girls for having 100 outfits and "nothing to wear", when I have 100 video games and nothing to play.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I mostly use my driver's license to buy stuff that impairs my ability to drive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I must live 16 hours from the most interesting people on earth, because every time I want to post a reply to an interest thread it is 16 hours old and my comments never get seen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I need self-tinting glasses, which get darker the longer someone talks to me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I never actually scrub my feet, I just walk around on the soapy water and it's been fine so far..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I never appreciate how painless it is to swallow until I have strep.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I never burn bridges; I just fail to maintain them, and let them structurally degrade over time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I never look at someone's username on Reddit unless someone comments "Username checks out"
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I never poke fun a a post with spelling or grammar errors partly because I'm not a dick and partly because I know my response will without fail have a spelling of grammar error in it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I never read someone's username until somebody points out how ridiculous it is
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I never realised how great having no food allergies is. I can go to the store and literally buy anything without having to check the ingredients.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I never realize how dirty a song is until I listen to it with my parents around.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I never realize how explicit my music is until my parents hear it in the car.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I never realized I farted so much till I started dating.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I never realized how short a month is until I started paying rent
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I never realized what phenomenal aim Ash Ketchum has with a Pokeball until I missed hitting a Pidgey 5 times.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I never see the FBI anti-piracy warnings anymore because most of the movies I watch are pirated.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I never understood how people could kill their loved ones over money or property until I played Monopoly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I never understood straight men disliking gay men. Not only do they leave more women for you, they take another dude out with them!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I notice i'm getting older because famous people are getting younger.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I now feel the same way when I see "starring Kevin Hart" in a movie trailer as I do when I see "starring Adam Sandler"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I now identify more with the bus driver yelling at kids to sit down than the kids who think she's crazy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I occasionally still catch myself thinking 'when I grow up I'm going to...', then I remember that I'm in my 30s with a wife and child, a house, car, job...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I often google how to spell a word before I correct someone for spelling it wrong, to make sure I'm right.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I often sit down at my desk in front of my $1200 custom built PC and browse Reddit on my iPhone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I often wonder how many memories I am in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I once logged out of MySpace unaware of the fact I'll never sign back in
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I only charge my phone when I sleep. My phone's battery level reflects my own battery level.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I only ever feed my kids dark chocolate. They think chocolate is gross and they never ask for it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I only ever wear my black suit to funerals. I own clothes that hang in my closet, waiting for someone to die.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I only have left two minutes to live, but that clock resets every time I take a breath.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I only just now realize in my life that Uncle Sam stands for U.S.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I only just realised Bill from Pokemon who invented the PC is a reference to Bill Gates.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I only know how to spell "amateur" because of porn.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I only refer to flavors of Gatorade by their colors.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I only use about 3% of toilet paper for wiping my ass, the rest is just for not getting shit on my hands.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I only write etc. because i dont know more examples.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I owed blockbuster late fees. My game plan of waiting them out worked.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I pay $5 for a coffee but not $0.99 for an app
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I pay such little attention to usernames on Reddit, that for all I know, the same five or ten people post every single thing.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I piss and moan about spending $0.99 on an app for the rest of my phone's life, but don't think twice about adding guac for $1.95 on one burrito
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I play the Sims to escape reality and live impossible fantasies - like having a house and job.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I posts on reddit because my real life friends don't reply as quickly as you guys
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I prefer nightmares. I wake up from bad dreams relieved, because I know they're not real; I wake up from good dreams disappointed, because I know they're not real.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I prefer random Redditors to facebook friends I know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I prefer reading dumb comments on Reddit rather then Facebook because I don't feel sad that my friend are so stupid
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I probably don't know that you exist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I probably live more comfortably than kings and queens in the distant past.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I procrastinate because I am stressed. I am stressed because I procrastinate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I procrastinate way too much on reddit when i should be playing computer games
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I raise this glass to all unknown time travelers that saved this world numerous times with no credit for it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I rarely need to comment on reddit because the hive mind usually expresses my thoughts for me
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I read in a TIL that "huh?" was the only universal word. That means the only word everyone can understand is a sign of misunderstanding.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I read through /r/nosleep yesterday and realized that terrible things only happen to people with excellent storytelling skills.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I realise now that when adult's occasionally didn't reply to something i said when i was young, it wasn't because they didn't hear me, it's because i said something stupid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I realized my friends have reached maturity since I can leave my Facebook open without them posting "I am gay" as my status.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I really feel like FarmersOnly.com would have been much more effective if they named it efarmony instead
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I really feel like I'm doing toilet paper a favor when I use it to blow my nose.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I really feel that if Subway had any balls, they would start using the hashtag #blackolivesmatter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I really hope Jeff Dunham carefully invested all that money from the 8 months when everyone thought he was funny.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I really hope THIS isn't the alternate universe where Trump becomes president.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I really like the thought of going to a city where nobody knows my name or anything about me
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I really miss snapping my flip-phone shut
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I really need a day in between Saturday and Sunday.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I really want marijuana to be legal, but only because I'm tired of grading terrible student papers about how marijuana should be legalized
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I really want some film maker to have an actor loudly fart in a scene but not for comedic value, but because that shit happens.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I really wish my male pattern baldness would start with my armpits and shoulders.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I really wish there was a better way to meet your favourite celebrity other than having cancer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I recently came to the startling conclusion I will probably never ride a giraffe in my lifetime.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I recognize click bait almost every time, but still want to know what that child celebrity looks like today.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I remember my math teacher telling me i wouldn't be able to carry a calculator with me all the time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I replaced facebook with reddit and my life has been way better!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I saved the most on Black Friday, by not buying a single thing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I see a post about a new breakthrough with curing cancer almost everyday but I never hear about it again later.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I see kids at my college driving $60,000 cars yet earlier today I used quarters to buy gas.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I see no point of labeling a public bathroom by gender when only one person can use it at a time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I see the Google logo everyday, but I don't know which letter is which color.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I seriously can't remember what I did when I was bored before I found Reddit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I served Kevin Bacon in a restaurant once. Everyone I've ever met since then is at minimum two degrees of separation from Kevin Bacon
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I share my random thoughts with strangers because my family members won't care about them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should ask my barber where he gets his hair cut, then go there and slowly make my way up the chain until I find THE GREATEST BARBER IN THE WORLD...or perhaps just a bald dude.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should be reimbursed for the data ads use.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should buy some weird stuff and hide it in my attic so my grandkids have cool stuff to post in Reddit in the future.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should call one digit away from my number and introduce myself to my phone neighbors
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should find the one joke that makes an Alzheimer's patient laugh the hardest and then repeat it to him every single day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should flip my tinder profile pic upside down, so that when people turn their phones, they're swiping the wrong direction...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should get a tattoo of a QR code, so if somebody finds my body and scans it, they'll be Rickroll'd.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should get out soon or I will be late for work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should have grown my hair really long in my 20's, then cut it off and saved it for use in a custom toupee now that I'm older and bald.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should invest in gorilla suits now before the Halloween rush hits.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should name my cat "meow" so it could introduce itself
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should secretly learn a foreign language so that on the off chance I have brain surgery, I can freak people out when I wake up by only speaking it instead of English.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should start a Chik-Fila black market operating only on Sundays
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should start a band that does country versions of U2 songs and call it Y'all2.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should start a deliver company where hooters girls deliver your food, and call it "Knockers"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should start a magazine called Alzheimer's weekly where the same magazine is published every week.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should start a magizine called alzhiemers weekly were the same magizine is published every week.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I should theoretically be able to tell my girlfriend, an identical twin, that her sister is bangin'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I sit at work in front of a computer all day just to afford to sit at home in front of a computer all night.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I smile at dogs more than I smile at humans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I sometimes wonder how many kilometers I've scrolled on my phone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I spend 1% of the time feeling confident and the other 99% trying to figure out how to get that feeling back.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I spend more time at the place that pays me than I do at the place I pay for.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I spend more time staring at my speedometer to make sure I'm not speeding in a school zone than actually watching for children in the street
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I spend so much time alone if I was ever falsely accused for a crime I would never have an alibi.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I spend so much time and money keeping my body alive and the only thing I get in return is shit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I spent 4 minutes watching a video of dogs chasing their tails thinking how easily amused they are, then I realized I spent 4 minutes watching dogs chase their tail.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I spent my early 20's trying to get new games to play on old computers and I spent my late 30's trying to get old games to play on new computers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I spent my whole childhood wishing I was older. Now I'm older... and it sucks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I spent seven hours vividly hallucinating then I woke up and ate the meat of other animals for energy, now i'm going to do something I don't want to for eight hours for pieces of paper.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I started to use reddit 6 months ago, and now I can't remember how I used to use Internet before reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I still can't believe the Seahawks didn't run the ball.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I still find driving crazy. We trust complete strangers going 50 miles per hour driving 3000 pound machines not to hit us, with the only thing separating us is yellow paint on the road.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I still use my college ID to get two dollars off movie tickets 15 years after graduating. So, if i see 10,000 movies my diploma will have pretty much paid for itself!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I swallow my own saliva hundreds of times a day, but the idea of spitting into a cup and drinking it makes me gag.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I swear I came up with 'the floor is lava' game but apparently so did everyone else.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I talk to my dog and she talks to me, yet we will go our entire lives literally not knowing a single word that was said.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I text "hahaha" when I am actually laughing while reading a message, and "lol" when something is only mildly amusing. Weird.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think ELY5 would be vastly more entertaining, albeit less informative, than ELI5
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think I take it way too much for granted that the internet's 'primary language' is English
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I think I've masturbated more times in my life than I've flossed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think Mad Max would have avoided a lot of trouble over several movies had he just invested in a sand colored tarp to cover his car.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think North Korea just announces a bomb test every time they have an earthquake.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think Samsung research team misunderstood when their customers said they needed a "Lighter" phone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think a good response to "you don't take criticism well" is "You're probably right, thanks for the feedback."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think a lot of the conflict in the Wild West could've been avoided had architects designed their towns big enough for everybody.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think eating a steak after a workout is the most savage thing ever. You're eating an animal's muscle to basically steal its strength.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think if I ever got crazy rich, I would hide it from my kids until they're 21 or so. Then once they finish college I'm like "We're actually stupid rich. I just wanted you to have a normal upbringing." I feel like they would turn out way more successful.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think it would be funny when our kids turn 5 to tell them if they lie or misbehave their teeth will start falling out
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think more people are prepared for a Zombie apocalypse or alien invasion than their own retirement.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think of all you people as my minions working hard to find funny and interesting things for me on the internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think of public toilets as dirty but really they get cleaned far more frequently than my toilet at home.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I think one thing that's clear with the rise of Tumblr, Flickr, Scribd, Grindr, etc, is that people are pretty fucking sick of the letter e.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I think that NSFW tags are useless on this sub because most of the posts don't have anything beside title anyway.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think that every time a single sock goes missing, it shows up as an extra Tupperware lid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think that if instead of our taxes being deducted from our paychecks we received a detailed invoice of services provided and a big bill at the end of the year - everyone would be a bit more mindful of how the government spent our money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think the Wicked Witch kept the flying monkeys around to mask her terrible smell since she could never shower.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think the final episode of Sunny in Philadelphia should be "Dennis kills the gang"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think the first person to have a mohawk hairstyle was just trying to even up his sideburns and got carried away
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think the phrase "in the closet" should be changed to "keeping a straight face"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think the term "bodybuilder" should be used to describe a pregnant woman.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think the worst part about a break up isn't the loneliness; it's knowing there is someone out there who knows how incredibly weird you are that you no longer trust.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think we can all agree that Neil Armstrong, the first person to walk on the Moon, was not a werewolf.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I think we should all take a moment and be grateful our bodies don't shit while we're asleep.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I think we should launch flat-earthers into orbit. Not so they see the earth, just so they are gone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I thought I made up "the floor is lava." It never occurred to me that every child knows what it is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I totally understand how batteries feel because I'm rarely ever included in things either.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I treat my body in a way that proves I have 100% confidence in medical science being able to fix ANY medical problem by the time I'm 50.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I trust Google's search result algorithm relevancy so much that if what I'm looking for in a search result doesn't appear I assume it doesn't exist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I trust Snapple facts more than CNN and Fox News.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I trust a lot of people not to kill me every day
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I trust the world so little, I look both ways when crossing a one-way sreet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I turned 18 a half hour ago, I've spent 100% of my adult life on reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I turned 40 today. My late father used to tell me, "I'll tell you when you're 40." Today would have been a good day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I use Twitter to talk to people I wish I knew, Facebook to talk to people I wish I didn't know, and Reddit to talk to people I don't know
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I use my mobile phone more when I'm at home than I do when I'm mobile.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I use the "Parents Guide" section on imdb to see if a film is suitable to watch with my parents
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I use the app "Reddit is fun" so much I can barely navigate Reddit on my computer
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I used hola unblocker to watch Argo on the Canadian Netflix. I was an American who had to pretend to be Canadian to watch a movie about Americans who have to pretend to be Canadians making a movie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I used to be a man in a woman's body.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I used to be scared of dentists because of the pain, now I'm scared of dentists because of the cost.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I used to be the youngest person alive
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I used to carry a condom in a particular pocket in my purse. I now carry stamps in there instead. At some point in the last few years, it became more likely that I'd send a letter than have sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I used to have to watch my swearing because i was a kid amongst adults. Now i have to watch my swearing because I'm an adult amongst kids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I used to laugh at the movie Office Space, now I just get sad at how accurately it reflects my work life
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I used to look at my Grandfather carving with a knife and thought he was a master carpenter. He'd look at me with a computer and think I was a software engineer
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I used to set up a SINGLE song downloading on limewire OVERNIGHT and bask in the glory of it the next day, now if I click a gif link that doesn't load within a couple of seconds I cancel it and move on.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I used to take breaks from work to read Reddit, now I take breaks from Reddit to do work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I used to think I could control ducks with my mind. But then I realized that ducks and I have very similar ideas about what ducks should do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I used to think I wasn't good at anything. Then I realize that I'm really good at making posts that no one likes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I used to think setting a passcode was to keep strangers out of your phone, but really it's to keep your friends out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I used to think women wouldn't date me because they are shallow. Now I realize they don't date me because I'm not interesting, funny, attractive, or have any other admirable qualities really.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I usually assume people who know the date automatically have their shit more together than I do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I usually end up ignoring the featured links on Google even if they are exactly what I'm looking for
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I usually take two poops a day at work, around 5 minutes each. I work 6 days a week. I get paid 13 dollars an hour. I poop for 1 hour a week. There are 52 weeks in a year. I make $676 dollars a year solely by pooping.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wake up an hour early nearly every morning just to take a series of 10 minute power naps.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wake up to a cup of coffee and browse Reddit every morning. I'm the modern day grandpa with his daily newspaper.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want MythBusters to melt steel beams with jet fuel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want Taylor Swift to date Eminem, and then to break up, just to listen to these two's dis songs towards each other.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want a bumper sticker that says "I was once an honor student too. This is your child's future." This should look good on the back of my broken down 2000 Honda Civic.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want my kid's middle name to be "Withawhy" just to mess with people's spelling.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want somebody to flush a camera down the toilet while recording and uploading the journey it takes through all the pipes on Youtube
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to believe that the sperm that became Michael Phelps out swam all of the other sperm by a mile.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to get a parrot and train it to say "I've been turned into a parrot"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to hear my native language as a foreign language
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to live in Bikini Bottom. A place where you can afford a decent house on a single fast food employee's wage.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to live in a world where it's possible to listen to YouTube AND lock my phone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to live my life in such a way that I'll end up in a Google Doodle.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to make a store like Best Buy, except it's a grocery store, and we only sell items that are close to expiring. I will call it, Best by
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I want to put a horse in a horse costume. People would see it and say, "Damn, those guys are good."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to salute all the hungry humans who died figuring out what was and wasn't edible
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to see Bear Grylls survive living in San Francisco for a month on minimum wage
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to see a hydraulic press crushed by a bigger hydraulic press.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to see a member of the opposite sex with the same attractiveness as me so I can see what I'm workin' with
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to see a movie where machines gain intelligence and go to war with humanity, only to be defeated when some guy deletes a single semi-colon from their code.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to see a show like Drunk History, but High Science. Neil deGrasse Tyson and Bill Nye smoking a blunt just going on and on about space.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to see an action movie in which Tom Cruise defects from a cult, and then gets revenge on the leadership who would threaten his family
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to start a creative writing class for convicts and call it, "Prose and Cons"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to start a major software company called "Orange," just so when I get compared to Steve Jobs, I can say, "Woah, now. You're just comparing Apples to Oranges, here."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I want to throw a party where everyone dresses in coveralls, wears big headlamps and smears soot on their faces. Then someone will call the cops and reports a party with "a bunch of miners drinking alcohol."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I was always annoyed as a child when adults said, "pokemans." Now, as an adult, I am annoyed by children who say, "pokemans."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I was born Dec 31st. The world counts the seconds until my birthday is over, then parties because it's ended.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I was born breech (legs first) so for a brief moment of my life I wore my mum as a hat....
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I was dead for 13 billion years before I was born, and that wasn't so bad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I was illegally downloading movies on my house boat... when I realized I was pirating on a boat!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I was joking about inventing button-up tank tops for formal occasions. Then I realized, they're called Vests.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I was much better at being myself when I was a kid.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I was too young to realize it, but Cherry Poppin' Daddies is a pretty fucked up band name.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I went from being told 'You are too young to understand' to 'you are old enough to know better' without being told when it happened.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I went to the bathroom right before midnight and finished right after midnight. Same shit, different day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I will be remembered by less people than a gorilla when I die
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I will be the last person to die in my lifetime
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I will be thoroughly disappointed if the first human born on Mars isn't named Marvin.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I will be very disappointed if the first human born on Mars isn't named Marvin.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I will consider myself an adult when I can consistently and correctly cook the amount of pasta I need to eat
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I will drink hot coffee, I will drink iced coffee, but I will dump room temperature coffee down the drain.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I will live forever or die trying
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I will live to see the terms "the 20s", "the 30s", "the 40s", "the 50s", "the 60s", and "the 70s" have new meanings.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I will never be able to seriously google, "Can jet fuel melt steel beams?" and look for a real, scientific analysis of the question.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I will never know true disappointment like the first people did when they found the ocean and tried to drink it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I will not rest until I find a cure for my insomnia﻿
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I will one day flip through my kid's school history book and find it strange to have been alive during some of its chapters
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I will only trust a napkin if it's in a stack
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish Chris Farley was alive to have done Rob Ford skits for SNL.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish Facebook had a "People You Should Delete" section instead of "People You May Know" so I could conveniently clean up my friends list.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I wish I could be as picky about women in real life as I am with women in porn
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I wish I could drown the people that constantly masturbate in me...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I could enjoy sleeping, while asleep.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I wish I could know how many people thought about me when they were masturbating
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I could meet everyone born at the exact same time as I was and compare each of our lives up to this point.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I could psychically communicate with bugs so I could tell them I'm just trying to catch them and put them outside and they'd freaking cooperate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I could see a slow-mo replay of all the times I unknowingly almost died
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I could see a woman that I know is equally as attractive as I am so I know how attractive I am to the opposite sex
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I could see all of the pictures I've accidentally been in the background of.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I could send Star Wars spoilers to Martin Shkreli since he didn't get to see it last night.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I could swipe away content I've seen so that it doesn't reappear on my homepage of the reddit app. That way I wouldn't have to keep seeing the same thing over and over every time I start the app
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I could switch how I feel in the morning and the night, so when I wake up it feels like there's no way I could go back to sleep and when I go to bed I fall asleep the second I close my eyes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I could temporarily hide photos on my phone in case someone decides to swipe left or right.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I could unlearn English for one day so I could hear how it sounds without meaning
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I could wipe current thoughts from my mind like I can close running apps on my phone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I had a Mario Kart-like ghost of myself punctually getting ready for work in the morning so I'd know if I was running late.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I had a USB port in my belly button so I could charge my phone with the excess calories from beer
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I was as fat as the first time I thought I was fat
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish I was as skinny as the first time I thought I was fat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish Jon Stewart would just do a one-hour The Monthly Show with Jon Stewart. Even if its from his living room and he's wearing sweatpants.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish Netflix and Hulu would tell you how many people at that moment are watching the exact same thing as you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish Reddit had a counter of how many times I've clicked "reply", started typing, then realized I don't actually care enough about the topic at hand to get in a multi-hour debate with OP/OC.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish Spotify had a 'never play this song again' option.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish Tabasco had a fine mist spray top, instead of a single hole that scatters splooches of flavor patches on my eggs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish The Cure would send cease and desist letters to the Susan G. Komen Foundation
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish Trey Parker had the time to do a Randy Marsh podcast. I feel like I'd love to listen to Randy interview celebrities and talk current events for some reason.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish at the end of our life we get a grand total of all our body's stats: Miles of hair we grew, gallons we peed, liters of blood we pumped, pounds we crapped, words we spoke, miles our texting thumb scrolled, etc.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish everything was as easy as getting fat
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish fat was like muscle; if you don't use it, you lose it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish i could just like a text so i didn't have to respond
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish life had a Koopa flying around in a cloud like Mario Kart, that would tell me when I'm going in the wrong direction
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish movies and shows had a separate volume level for vocals, special effects, and music, like video games.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish my car had a second horn that was just a little friendly noise to let the car in front of me know the light is green.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish my car had two horns. One for "thank you" and one for "I hate you"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish my life was exciting enough to warrant buying a Go-Pro.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish netflix would sort out holiday episodes so I can binge on them during their respective seasons.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish people offered me weed as much as my health teacher said they would.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish people randomly offered me weed as often as middle school health classes said they would
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish someone was as protective with me as fast food places are of their dipping sauces
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish taco trucks worked like ice cream trucks. I'd run out every single time I heard the mariachi music.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish that Chris Farley had lived long enough to impersonate Rob Ford on SNL
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish that YouTube had a "I don't want to see this video ever again." button.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish that when somebody started telling a story, a progress bar would appear.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I wish the NSFW tags had tags; there's a big difference between titties and heads falling off.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish the US would invade the US to build functioning roads and establish a democracy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish the first rule of Crossfit was the same as Fight Club.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish the word "symmetry" was a palindrome
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish there was Reddit Anti-Gold. I'd love to pay 3.99 to stop someone from posting for a month.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish there was a "WHO WON?" poll at the bottom of every flame war on Facebook
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish there was a Facebook feature to "Hide this person for one month"... Give them a time out for being annoying without writing them off entirely.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish there was a title between "boyfriend" and "husband" (or fiance)... I think my 4.5 year relationship warrants more than what middle schoolers refer to their relationships as...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish there was an app that could connect you with people that look exactly like you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish there was an office-acceptable non-smoking reason to intermittently go outside and do nothing productive for about 10 minutes at a time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish there were a app with statistics about my life. "9 woman thought about sex with you.", "3 people thought about killing you", ..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish there were a website called Frood that matches people who want a free meal with people who will pay because dinner alone is boring.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish there were an option to send a low priority text message that doesn't notify the recipient until they unlock their phone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish they would make a prequel to "Zombieland" that just followed Bill Murray around in his day to day life dressed as a zombie doing random things while the world crumbles around him.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish they'd stop remaking good movies, and instead remake bad movies that have good concepts so they're better.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish we had the ability to dream together with other people. Like multi-player dreaming.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wish web browsers would wait until after I've successfully logged in before asking to save a password for a website.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I woke up this morning at 4:04am and couldn't fall back asleep. I had a 404: Sleep Not Found.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I won't put my mouth on cow teats but I will drink the milk. I'll put my mouth on my girl's tits yet would never drink the milk.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I won't try heroin or crack because I think I'd like them too much.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how all of the signatures of people with my name look.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I wonder how disappointed my penis and balls would be if they ever found out that I have zero children after all the work they've done.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many "Netflix and chill" babies have been born so far.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I wonder how many Oscar heads have been in vaginas.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many amazing songs have been made by completely unknown musicians and will be never heard
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many animals we had to jump on the backs of before we noticed horses were cool with it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many anti-vaxxers gave their dogs a rabies shot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many awkward things people have said to me I've completely forgotten about but still makes someone cringe randomly when they are trying to sleep.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many cavemen would've been geniuses if they were born in the right time period
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many communion wafers you have to eat before you've consumed a whole Jesus.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many constellations the sun is a part of.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many cooks over the course of history were accidentally convicted of poisoning before people realised that food allergies and anaphylactic shock were a thing?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many couples will find out they both have Ashley Madison accounts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many drugs have failed animal testing, but would have worked in humans
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many fake arguments I've lost in other people's heads.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I wonder how many flies have been trapped in a car, then traveled hundreds of miles, got out and thought "The fuck..where am I?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many foods are thought to be poisonous because the first person to eat them was allergic.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many girls I would have been interested in have checked me out and I've just walked away oblivious?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many good movies I've missed because the cover art and description was crappy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many imaginary arguments I've lost in other people's minds.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many miles I've scrolled on my mouse
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many miles I've scrolled on my phone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many miles I've scrolled with my thumb
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many miles my thumb has scrolled on my phone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many miles my thumbs have scrolled on my phone
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I wonder how many miles of toilet paper I've wiped my ass with in my life
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many more views 'Never Gonna Give You Up' would have if YouTube registered a view after only 1 second
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I wonder how many nudes and dick pics Team Snapchat have got...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many numbers between 1-1,000,000 I've never heard
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many of Internet Explorer's first searches are "Download Chrome"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many of the 2 billion views of Gangnam Style on YouTube are from people wondering how many views the video has.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many of this generation's dads will leave to go buy vape pens and never come back.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many page views Google gets every day from people who just want to check if their internet is working.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many pairs of twins got their names reversed because the parents lost track of which was which when they were infants.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I wonder how many people I've unknowingly interacted with in public that had a butt plug in their ass.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many people are actively holding a grudge against me for something I don't remember doing or saying.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many people have a picture of me riding a roller coaster with them in their house.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many people have successfully hid from me when they saw me walking toward them.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I wonder how many people who "fucking love science" on Facebook, fucking dreaded it in middle school
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many people who have signed up for reddit are now dead
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many people within a 5 mile radius of me are orgasming right now
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many people's heartbeats are perfectly in sync right now?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many photos I'm in that I'll never see.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many places I've already visited for the last time.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I wonder how many random stranger's homework I've done answering to random shit on /askreddit, /askscience, etc...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many strangers I've walked by more than once.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many strangers have stories about me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many tattoos have been ruined because of earthquakes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many thousands of dollars I have missed out on in special effects in movies by blinking.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times 'It's not rocket science' has been used as a joke at NASA.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times I ate eggs that came from a chicken I ate
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times I unknowingly avoided death
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times I walked past or made small talk with someone who was on their way to murder someone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times I've avoided death by deciding not to go out somewhere.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times I've been in a photo unintentionally and if people have framed photos of me in their houses because I'm in the background of their photo
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times I've been referred as "I once had a friend who..." or "I once knew a guy that..."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times I've crossed paths in real life with people I've had discussions with on Reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times I've died playing online games and ended up on someone else's Youtube montage video.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times I've seen the same bird without realizing it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times I've seen the same bird
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I wonder how many times I've simultaneously masturbated with someone I know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times I've walked past or come into contact with a murderer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times a bird caller thought they were calling to a bird, but we're actually calling to another bird caller.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times a murderer has looked at me and thought, "na, not them."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times in my life I have thought "I'll always remember this," that I have now completely forgotten about
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times locking your door has actually been neccesary
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times someone I know has seen me in public and just didn't want to talk to me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many times the members of Fleetwood Mac had to explain "no, HE is Lindsey and SHE is Stevie"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how many watches are still ticking in buried coffins.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I wonder how many women lining up to see 50 Shades of Grey are the same women who get pissed if their husbands watch porn?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how much HP I'd have if I had a health bar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how much of Netflix's bandwidth is used by unconscious people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how much time is left on all the microwaves in the world that were stopped too early right now
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I wonder how often I turn up in other peoples dreams to do weird shit...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how often I've narrowly avoided death without even noticing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how often baby twins are mixed up by their parents and go their whole lives with each other's identity
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how often fired bullets hit flying insects.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how often people who work at the patent office say to themselves, "I should have thought of that".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder how often rare coincidences, like bumping into an old friend in an obscure part of the world, very nearly happen - but your tracks don't quite cross.. You could be one street away and never know
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if 50% is considered a passing grade in meteorology school?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if 90-year-olds are ever like "oh man, what was I thinking when I was 80? I have life way more figured out now"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if Alex Trebek's tombstone will say 'Who was the host of Jeopardy?'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if Apple called their new watch the Apple Watch because iWatch would just be creepy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if Buzzfeed managers yell at their employees for working on spreadsheets when they are supposed to be browsing reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if Dogs bark inside their heads, like we speak inside ours..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if George R.R. Martin gets invited to any weddings these days?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if Humanity is in the first or second half of its existence
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I am closer to my death or my birth right now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I have ever bought milk from the same cow more than once
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I have ever eaten an egg from the same hen twice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I have ever killed a celebrity while playing any online multiplayer game.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I have ever seen the same ant twice
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I'll ever have to write Earth at the bottom of a postal address
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I'll struggle with future technology the way my Grandma struggles with her TV remote
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I'm closer to my birth or my death right now
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I'm ever in my dogs dreams..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've already worn the clothes I'm going to die in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've bought the clothes I'm going to die in yet
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever been bitten by a mosquito that is descended from one that I failed to kill previously.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever been in possession of the same coin more than once
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever bought milk from the same cow twice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever drank the milk from the same cow twice?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever eaten a crab that was caught on TV.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever eaten an egg that came from a chicken I ate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever eaten two fruit that grew from the same tree
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever had an original thought?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever had the same dollar bill twice
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever paid with the same note or coin more than once.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever played against the same random person in two totally different online games without even knowing it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever pressed the "8" key on my microwave.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I wonder if I've ever seen a conception while watching porn.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever spent the same dollar twice...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever synced poops with Queen Elizabeth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if I've ever unknowingly shook hands with a murderer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if Jeremy Irons ever quietly laughs to himself when he is ironing
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I wonder if Magic Johnson regrets wasting the world's best porn name on a basketball career
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if Michelle and Barack are doing it in every nook and cranny of the Whitehouse for one last time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if Mike Rowe ever asks if someone wants a free microwave and then just waves at them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if Muslim women also get 72 virgins after they martyr themselves. Seems like that's not as good of a deal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if Native Americans are (secretly) laughing at the irony that white Americans are terrified their country is being taken over by a bunch immigrants who want to impose a new religion on this land.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if Nicholas Cage and John Trovolta have used the face swap app yet.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I wonder if Rick Astley thinks, "Got me again, you bastard" every time he looks in a mirror
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if Slash insists on being the top hat every single time he plays Monopoly...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if a Google self driving car will require a Google+ account to operate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if a hoedown is so named because you have to put the hoe (farming/gardening tool) down in order to party.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if a murderer has ever crossed my path, contemplated murdering me, and then thought "nah".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if alcohol has been responsible for more deaths or conceptions since its discovery.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if any children in third world countries receive toys as christmas donations from america and they happen to be the toys they made themselves in a sweat shop.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if any kids ever enter their actual birthday on websites and just accept that they can't view adult content until they turn 18
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if any of my ancestors owned one of my dog's ancestors
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if anybody's ever named their son "James Bond Bond," so that when their name is printed last-name-first it's Bond, James Bond.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if anyone else gets annoyed that Facebook videos get bigger when you click on them instead of pausing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if anyone ever fake sneezes in front of the Pope.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if anyone has ever walked out of a Chinese buffet and said "Wow that was a great decision. I am very pleased with myself right now"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if birds on my feeder are friends or if it's like a public bathroom and no one makes eye contact.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I wonder if centaur babies suckle from the horse-part nipples or the human-part nipples.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if cigarette sales plummet right after new years eve, because of all the people that are "quitting". And then it gradualy rise again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if dinosaurs sang like the huge primordial birds they were.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if every president goes through an awkward first few weeks in the office when they're not sure when the right time is to ask if aliens are real or not.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if in 50-60 years there will be TV-Shows like Boardwalk Empire,which take place during the "marijuana-prohibition".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if in another 50 years someone will make a romantic drama about a couple falling in love on 9/11, similar to Titanic
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if it's appropriate to get a "it's a boy!" or "it's a girl!" ballon for someone recovering from a sex change operation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if ive done something that has caused a chain reaction that has lead to someone's death
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if my cat thinks I just stand on the other side of my apartment's door for 10 hours a day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if my cat thinks my plant did something wrong when I mist it with a spray bottle
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if my cat thinks the delivery guy is my owner because He gives Me food.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if my cursor has passed over every pixel on my computer screen
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if my dog always follows me into the bathroom when I have to go potty because I always follow him outside when he does and he just thinks that's how it works.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if my dogs think the delivery people are my owners because they give me food.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if my house smells as weird as everyone else's seems to.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if our Sun is part of the constellation of an alien civilization.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if penguins taste more like poultry or more like fish.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if people appreciate the extra nugget I put in their 10 piece nuggets...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if people commit mass murders because they are products of this instant gratification age and do not have the patience to be a serial killer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if people in Mexico ever complain about jobs in America stealing all their Mexicans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if people on new years day in the year 3000 will be freaking out that it's the year Fry from Futurama comes back
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if people who have sex with animals care about the gender of said animal. "I'd screw a pig but not a boy pig, I ain't gay."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if prostitutes tell their clients "It's been a business doing pleasure with you."
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I wonder if somewhere in Japan there are Japanese teenagers saying to each other; "Have you seen American porn?!? That shit is fucked UP, dude."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if spiders compare web sizes. "Wow man, you live in a mansion" Thanks dude, I built it myself.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I wonder if spiders get as pissed off as I do when I walk through their webs...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if the 1st person to use sarcasm had to explain what it was, thus inventing irony.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if the Queen of England has ever eaten a burrito
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if the Reddit offices are full of cubicle workers who are constantly surfing websites about insurance, banking, and other office stuff when they're supposed to be looking at Reddit threads.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if the average headphone cable is long enough for Yao Ming to put his iPod in his pocket.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if the extras playing evil Stormtroopers in the upcoming Star Wars films are all smiling under their helmets, as they get to fulfil their childhood dreams of fighting in a Star Wars movie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if the girls on 16 and pregnant will come back on a show called 32 and a grandma.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if the new Snowden movie will be leaked before it hits theaters.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if the person that will perform my autopsy has been born yet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if the person who fired Victoria will post about it in /r/TIFU?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if the phrase 'toodaloo' came from English people excusing themselves to go 'to the bathroom'...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if the picture that will be used for my funeral has already been taken?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if the rate of crime drops drastically when it rains
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if the shower was a "bath thought".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if the writers of The Simpsons have ever had to scrap what they thought was an original idea because the show had already done it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if there are any times on the clock that I have never seen.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I wonder if there has ever been a moment since I have been alive where there wasn't a cock in someones mouth
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if there is a Redditor who's only subscribed to r/minimalism
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if they draw Waldo first and then fill everyone in around him, or draw everything first and then find somewhere to hide him.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if trees are allergic to our sperm too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if turtles think that frogs are homeless?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if uTorrent realises that you can download uTorrent Pro using the normal uTorrent.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I wonder if unemployed people get annoyed at NSFW tags
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if we will get to the point in car safety that a car crash will make international news like a plane crash does?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if when I pat a rhythm on my dog, he knows I'm making a beat or if he just thinks I'm super bad at petting him?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if when humans go extinct on Earth, will aliens find our DNA and create a human version of Jurassic Park?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if women who go into labor tomorrow will find it funny.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if, in past times, the space on Earth currently being occupied by my kitchen was the site of an epic life-or-death battle between two giant dinosaurs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder if, through evolution, rain sounds are "soothing" at night because there's less of a chance of predators in a storm
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder what "don't touch" is in Braille.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder what families own a photo of me riding the same roller coaster with them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder what it'd be like to see an album of all the photos you're unknowingly in the background of.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder what my dog named me
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder what my life would be like if I actually followed through on all the promises I make to myself at 2AM when all I want to do is fall asleep
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder what people who type "u" instead of "you" do with all of their free time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder what people who type "u" instead of "you" do with all their free time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder what song The Little Mermaid was singing when she viciously ripped a clam in half to make that cute bikini top...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder what the orphans in Stewart Little felt like after being told a potential family picked a mouse over them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder what the people that were born on the same day at the same hospital as I was, my nursery room buddies, are doing with their lives now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder what would happen if you only let kids watch strictly black and white films from the 50's for the first ten years of their life, and then on their 10th birthday showed them Avatar in 3D.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder when someone will make a movie or TV series with a gay lead character whose sexuality isn't important to the plot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder where all the strands of hair I've lost are in the world, and what place is farthest away from me right now?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I wonder which testicle my kid came from
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder who hearing 'Gold Digger' is more awkward for - Kim Kardashian or Kanye West.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder who the first person to die playing Pokémon Go will be and how they will die? It's going to happen though
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I wonder who the first person to grab an active bee hive and crack it open thinking, " I bet those bastards are hiding something delicious in here" was.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wonder who the lowest level employee is at Area 51
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would be a lot more motivated in life if every difficult thing had a progress bar that I could see.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would be significantly more productive if experience points popped up every time I completed a task/activity
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would be willing to donate blood to the mosquito community, if in exchange they would stop biting me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would cause gigantic family rifts and break lifelong friendships if I commented on Facebook like I do on Reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would gladly take 98% odds while gambling at a casino but suddenly 98% doesn't sound too good when it's the effectiveness of your girlfriend's birth control
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I would have been called crazy 20 years ago if I would have said Dr Dre would become a billionaire and well-respected rapper while Bill Cosby would become a rapist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would know alot more about WW1 if WW2 never happened
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would like to give thanks to the brave men and women who died a long time ago tasting which plants were edible and which plants were not.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would like to see Gordon Ramsay sing for Simon Cowell, and Simon Cowell to cook for Gordon Ramsay. No cuts, no edits.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would love it if there was a website where I could look up a license plate and then send a message to whoever owns the plate and tell them how bad they drive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would love to open a german bakery and call it Gluten Morgen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would love to watch a Romcom where the fiancé is a great guy, the deadbeat guy who tries to steal the girl away is just a dead beat, she doesn't cheat on her fiancé, the wedding goes well, and they live happily ever after.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would much prefer a new set of teeth when I'm 40 than when I'm 7.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I would much rather take a shit in the woods than take a shit in a porta potty.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would much rather watch Gandalf vs Dumbledore than Batman vs Superman
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would never have believed that I would see a new Star Wars AND a new Harry Potter before the next George RR Martin book
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I would never park in a handicapped spot, but I always shit in the handicapped stall when available.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would never pay for reddit gold, but I'd definitely pay a couple bucks to anti-gild someone to show how much I hate their comment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would open up an ice-cream place called "Too spoon" and all the flavors would be named after current trageties.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would pay a lot of money to see every "I was born in the wrong time period" person put into a reality TV show where they have to authentically live in that time period.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would pay good money to watch a version of the Olympics where only people using performance enhancing drugs can compete. It would be awesome to see the true extent of the human body.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would probably take better much care of my body if I had implanted sensors giving me live feedback of my body's vital stats and I could earn points and achievements for improving things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would rather click through 10 different websites to find one list than click through 10 slides on one website
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would rather find $5 on the ground then have my local WNBA team win a national championship
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would rather risk buying an exploding Samsung phone than an iPhone without a headphone Jack
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would rather spend 10 extra minutes driving on an empty road than be in traffic.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would rather use a dirty towel that I've used a hundred times before than use someone else's towel that they've only used once.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would rather watch a blank screen for the duration of an ad than watch the ad itself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would rather work 10 hours day Mon-Thurs and get three day weekends
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would really enjoy a Star Wars movie that goes back to the actual origins of the first Jedi Knights learning to harness The Force.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I would sacrifice my life in a heartbeat to save my wife, but I won't take out the fucking trash
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would totally buy a toilet seat with a scale in it so I could see how much weight I lost every time I pooped...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I would use a treadmill for hours if I had VR hooked up to google street view.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I would watch the shit out of a TV show where some short tempered person tried to put together IKEA furniture.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I would watch the shit out of a show called "How It Used To Be Made" about how people in different historical periods used to make things.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I wouldn't be okay with wiping shit off of any other part of my body with just a few sheets of dry TP.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wouldn't be surprised if a copy of Deadpool (The movie) shows up on the Pirate Bay, only for it to turn out to be an official video of Deadpool talking to you about piracy and stuff.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I wouldn't click an ad on Google, even if it's exactly what I was looking for.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd actually be much more hesitant to ask my dad for $20 if he was made of money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd actually watch NASCAR if they raced basic, everyday cars, with all standard features. It'd be a good advertisement for the car companies too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd be a lot more motivated at work if my boss paid me in cash every hour.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd be more likely to donate to charity if I knew they wouldn't sent me letters or call me asking for more money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd find less money on the ground if I was more confident
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I'd hate Spotify ads a lot less if they just played the damn ad instead of also playing 30 seconds of acoustic guitar before the ads and then playing a little more acoustic guitar after the ad to let me know that the ad is finished.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd like to see a Forrest Gump sequel about his incredibly intelligent son, who has miserable luck and constantly finds himself in bleak situations.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd like to think that Jessie's girl grew up and gave birth to a girl named Stacy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd love to start a "church" for non-religious people who just want a community of people who do good things together.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd much rather be somebody who can barely remember High School than somebody who considers it to be the best years of their lives.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd much rather have Gordon Ramsay yell at me to f*ck off than have him disappointingly look down at my food and say "What a shame."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd never buy a used mattress, but sleeping in a hotel doesn't bother me at all.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd never lick my dish sponge but I happily rub it all over stuff I eat out of.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd pay a lot of money to see a "narration battle" between Morgan Freeman, Mike Rowe, James Earl Jones, and Sam Elliott
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I'd pay an exorbitant amount of money to have my back window light up with led lettering certain phrases to other drivers like "get off your phone fuckface" or "use your signal lights dipshit"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd rather drive 30 minutes out of my way than wait in traffic for 15.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd rather overhear a compliment than get one face-to-face.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd rather power through the slightly-more-than-i-should-eat end of an ice cream container than leave a dissapointing amount for future me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd rather skip a song every time it comes up in my playlist than remove it altogether.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd say about 95% of the time a person has told me "it's a long story," it wasn't
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'd watch a reality tv show where 4chan people and tumblr people are stranded on an island and have to work together to survive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'll bet a lot of Ziploc's annual profit is provided by the illegal drug trade.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I'll bet that spider's just as pissed as I am that I walked through its web.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'll bet that when Thomas Edison played back his own voice on the first phonograph he thought it was broken because his voice sounded weird.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'll bet the leaders of the Flat Earth Society don't actually believe the Earth is flat, but they want a free ride into space from frustrated NASA scientists who want to prove them wrong by showing them personally.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'll consider myself successful when I no longer dread looking at my bank account.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I'll give a million dollars to the man who can do something about motherfucking webpages moving an inch just before I click something so I hit the wrong link.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'll only rate your app after you've annoyed me enough about it and I need a place to blow off the steam about how annoying your app reminders are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'll spend $20 on fast food without blinking an eye, but a $2.99 phone app is a serious decision.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'll throw $3 at a snack, a latte, etc, without even a second thought. But a $0.99 app? Ouch - lemme think about that and read a dozen reviews...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm 100% convinced that every time a sock goes missing in the dryer, it comes back as an extra tupperware lid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm 14 billion years old, but only 23 years alive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm 17, and frequently use IMDB's Parent Guide to make sure a movie is okay for my parents to watch.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm 19 and still can't remember the order of letters in the alphabet without starting from the beginning.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm 21 years old. There are kids younger than me in the NBA making millions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm 22 and I'm just realizing why some watermelon flavored lollipops have green wrappers but are actually red...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm 25 and just realized that Fruit of the Loom is a romantic way of saying "end product of a textile factory".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm 25 years old and I am still not used to being referred to as a 'man'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm 27 years old and Blink 182's "take off your pants and jacket" album pun finally landed with me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm 32 and it's likely I could still be lured into stranger danger by puppies and candy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm 34 years old and I'm still not sure whether you're supposed to pee directly into the water or against the back of the toilet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm British, but I watch so many American movies I'd probably end up dialling 911 instead of 999 in an emergency.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm a 33 year old man and I still sing the alphabet when I arrange things alphabetically
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm a guy living with two girls and they'll never know how hard I try to keep the toilet bowl clean by "peeing off" marks and stains.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I'm a straight female who always goes to the dentist twice a year. At some point in my life, the amount of time I've spent with dicks in my mouth surpassed the time I've spent with a dental hygienist in there.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm a twin. One of us were unplanned.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm a virgin. If i donated sperm the babies would technically be born of a virgin.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm an organ donor. If I die tomorrow, my death will be cause for major celebration for a total stranger.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm an orphan who is single; every picture of me is a family portrait.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm at a point in my life where 100 dollars isn't a lot to receive, but it's a lot to give.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I'm at least two times more likely to view a post that has a NSFW tag.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm at the age when having 'an adult night with the husband' means eating fudgicles on the couch and watching a movie with swear words.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm awed that two servings of pasta can be made, packaged, shipped thousands of miles, bought and resold to me for $0.18 each. Yet one stamp is $0.49.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I'm better at giving handjobs than my girlfriend is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm black, but not African American. I've never been to Africa, I don't identify with the African culture being as both of my parents are from the US.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm bored when I listen to a song from my personal music library, but when it's played on the radio I get excited like it's the greatest song ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm close with my best friend so I describe her as my "sister." I'm close with my sister so I refer to her as my "best friend."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm constantly torn between not wanting to die alone and generally wanting to be left alone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm controlling your mind right now. I'm making it talk
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm convinced most of the adults who told me wiki is unreliable, now use viral facebook posts for most of their news sources.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm convinced that every time a sock goes missing from the dryer... It comes back as an extra Tupperware lid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm drunk at the end of every year and drunk at the beginning of ever year.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm flabbergasted at how our education system managed to find a way to turn something as fascinating as history into a boring slog.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm french, live in Paris, and I've never seen a mime.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm friends on Facebook with someone I share a full name with. When he posts a status that none of his friends like, I should like it so all his Facebook friends think he liked his own status since no one else would.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm from California and I can't take a long enough shower to have shower thoughts
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm getting really excited for the final season of America!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm glad Reddit looks plain. I can browse it openly and most people assume I'm reading news or informational articles, etc. If I browse sites like Facebook or Twitter everyone knows I'm just wasting time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm glad to live in a society where seeing a woman in yoga pants is socially acceptable
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm going to be dead longer than I'm going to live
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm going to be the last person to die in my lifetime.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm going to blow my kids' mind when I tell him I'm older than the internet.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I'm going to feel so old when the porn-stars I masturbated to start dying.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm going to open a restaurant called "Peace and Quiet" where kid's meals are $250.00
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm intelligent enough to realise that I'm not very intelligent at all.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm just glad that milk doesn't have any pulp.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm kinda disgusted at the thought of drinking milk from my own species, but I'm totally fine with drinking milk from other species.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm kinda glad Reddit has pulled me completely away from Facebook
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm less likely to buy a product from a 30 second YouTube ad I can't skip
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm like the kid in school that's friends with everyone but when told to partner up isn't anyone's first choice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm lucky enough to live in a country where if I hear an air raid siren I expect it to be followed by phat bass and a banging tune.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm mad at Apple dumping the headphones jack not because I plan to buy an iP7 but because I'm afraid others will follow their stupid example
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm more amazed by the way a needle plays a vinyl record then by the way lasers read cds
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm more aware of swearing in a TV show when it's bleeped out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm more careful with video game currency than I am with actual currency.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm more conscious of citing my references on Reddit than I ever was about citing sources for my papers in high school and college
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm more critical of someone who treats an animal poorly than I am of someone who treats another person poorly.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I'm more likely to get a virus from porn than sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm more willing to spend $15 on a lunch than on a shirt that will last me years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm not a bad person, but if I had superpowers, I know I wouldn't use them solely for good.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I'm not a morning person, but my dick sure is
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm not afraid of death, I'm afraid that I'll miss tons of cool stuff after I die and that people will be sad when I die.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I'm not hungry after I eat, horny after sex, or thirsty after a drink. So why then fuck am I so tired after sleeping?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm not positive on my age, I just trust everyone around me is telling the truth about when I was born.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm not scared of a computer passing the turing test... I'm terrified of one that intentionally fails it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm not sure if Samsung re-branding the Galaxy as the Phoenix would be a brilliant or disastrous marketing move.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm not sure if it's a false memory, but I remember climbing across monkey bars without feeling like my arms were being torn from their sockets.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm not sure who is more happy, Leo for winning his Oscar, or me for not having to hear about Leo and his lack of Oscar wins any more.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm not the only one who always thought the D in Disney was a backwards G for the longest time right?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm not who I think I am. I'm not who others think I am. I am who I think others think I am.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm old enough to remember when the internet did not have ads
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm one of the people who actually likes the song 'Never gonna give you up', so whenever I get rickrolled instead of being mad, I'm unexpectedly happy, similar to when my favorite song comes on the radio.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm one of those that think that 1995 is 10 years ago but now 2004 is 10 years ago
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm only funny to my girlfriend because she doesn't use Reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm part of the last generation to know what it's like to grow up in the world before the internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm paying for school to get a job so I can get a job and pay for school
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I'm permanently logged in to facebook, gmail &amp;c. because I know I'm the only one who uses my computer, but I still watch porn in incognito mode in case someone goes on my computer and looks at my browser history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm positive there is someone out there on Reddit who subscribes to the exact same subreddits as I do and we would be very good friends.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm pretty sure Earth and humanity is some alien's science project that he got an A on, and now we're just sitting in his room somewhere while he's at college
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I'm pretty sure I have atleast one anscestor who would be pretty pissed to find out that helicopters exist and I can't fly one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm pretty sure I've never pressed the "7" button on my microwave
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm pretty sure I've spanked my wife more than her parents ever did.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm pretty sure the reason Netflix originals don't do episode recaps is because they know you're just binge watching the show.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I'm quitting smoking because my niece told me that she wants me to "be around as long as possible". If I get hit by a bus tomorrow I am going to be so pissed off that I fell for her sentimental crap.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm raising my son on Netflix, and so far he has not been exposed to one iota of advertising, and has no idea what the 'cool' toys are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm really excited to get old because living in a nursing home in 50 years is going to be one huge LAN party
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm really glad my dog can't talk, he knows too much.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm really grateful for those facebook "copy and past this status and you'll get some unrealistic reward" posts cause it helps me identify which people on my list are fking idiots.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm secretly happy when my friends don't use reddit because then I can send them cool things I find on reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm semi confident my dog would welcome any intruder into my house with open arms.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm sitting here, drinking my 6th beer, about to hop in the shower. Heading to my sisters birthday party afterwards, where my nieces and nephew will be. I just realized I'm the drunk uncle of the family.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm so afraid of commitment that when choosing a default app to open a file, I always pick 'just once' over 'always'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm so bad at Reddit, most of my conversations are with bots, informing me that I screwed up my post.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm so glad I live in a country where my first reaction to loud bangs is "Some kids with fireworks" and not "some maniac with a gun"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm so internet lazy that when I see a link to YouTube I'm like, "Ugh, you couldn't have made this a gif?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm so lonely that reddit is more of a social network for me than facebook is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm so old, my handheld games were filled with water :-/
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm so single that if a random girl approaches and shows interest in me, I would wonder if it's a social experiment
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I'm so used to Reddit that when I visit Facebook I get pissed when I can't down vote a comment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm still friends on facebook with a girl i fingered at a club when i was 18 but have lost more than half of my high school friends because we weren't close enough.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I'm still hopeful that I'll see a girl I know or an ex on one of the nsfw/gone wild subs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm still it from a game of tag eight years ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm still waiting to see the people saying that we shouldn't help the refugees and instead help the homeless veterans to actually start helping the homeless veterans.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I'm such a lazy shit that I actively avoid YouTube links on Reddit, because I don't have time for a video.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm sure if weed was legalized everywhere, this would be a more popular subreddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm surprised Arnold Schwarzenegger hasn't done any work with Burger King. "Get to da whoppa!" would make for a great ad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm trusting a whole lot of people not to randomly murder me throughout the day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm uncomfortable carrying $200 in cash, but I leave my $800 phone in places all willy nilly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm very punk rock when I charge my laptop, phone, and headphones. I always use the same three power cords.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm willing to spend countless hours perfecting my MMO character but i halfass my way through real life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've always wanted to be able to hear English and not understand it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've been on Reddit for 3 years, and i have 6 karma, even on the internet i do nothing productive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've been practicing eating my entire life and I'm still not good enough at it to not use a napkin.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've been speaking English so often that the voice I use to think is now English instead of my native language.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've been to 5 schools, had 9 jobs, driven 4 cars, lived in 8 homes, lost 2 grandparents, had 4 cousins be born...and in all that time, the Simpsons' living situation has not changed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've been using AdBlock for more than five years; I have no idea what the internet actually looks like.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've clicked thousands of links on reddit without getting a virus. Yet, my grandparents can spend 10 minutes on my laptop and get a virus.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've considered acting like a sociopath for awhile just to see what people would do...then I realized that's something a sociopath would do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've developed an intense hatred towards products/companies that force me to watch 30sec ads on mobile youtube without a 5sec skip. Ad money well spent.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've fallen asleep nearly every day for 25 years, yet I have no memory of how it actually happens.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've given out way more karma than I will ever receive...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've gone a full year, maybe even two, without thinking about the state of Delaware.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've got 99 problems and 98 of them can be attributed to poor time management and self control.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've gotten out of bed every day for 18 years. That's 6,570 sit-ups and I don't have one ab to show for it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've had a 3D printer in my kitchen for about 15 years, but it only makes waffles.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I've had less sex than any of my ancestors, yet I've probably seen more dicks than all of them combined.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've had religious people knock on my door encouraging me to be religious, but never have I had a homosexual knock on my door to encourage me to be homosexual.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've insulted my best friends more than I've insulted my worst enemies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've killed as many people as the strongest hurricane ever recorded.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've learned more about David Bowie in the past 24 hours, than I have in my whole life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've learned more from YouTube and Wikipedia than I have from my $80K education
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've literally broken enough minor laws that if fully punished I would spend the rest of my life in jail, but I've never even been arrested.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've lived my entire life only 10 miles from outer space but I've never been there.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've logged countless hours of heated arguments in my head with people I know in real life that they don't know about.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I've masturbated more this year than I have had hot dinners.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've met atheists that care more about my religion than I do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never actually heard the queen speak.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never been big on going to Japan, but if Nintendo made a Disney-land style theme park called Nintendoland with all the different characters and worlds as attractions, I'd blow all of my savings on the first flight over
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I've never been so congested that I couldn't taste how shitty cough syrup is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never been told when to do my taxes. Or how. Or why. Or even what taxes are. But if I get it wrong, I go to jail.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never come across a better consistent source of information than Wikipedia despite always being told how unreliable it is
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never had to change the lightbulb in a microwave.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never heard/used the word "ulterior" outside of the phrase "ulterior motives."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never met an unintelligent person who reads frequently
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never once been offered free drugs by a stranger, even though I was told this would be a common threat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never once heard elevator music while riding an elevator
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never once thought, "Wow, I'm glad Num Lock isn't enabled by default."
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I've never payed a penny to Reddit in my three years of using it. Reddit doesn't owe me anything and they can do whatever the fuck they want.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never read a science article that says an animal is dumber than we previously thought.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never seen Fight Club, but because of the first rule of fight club, I've never had the movie spoiled for me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never seen They Might be Giants in concert. For all I know, they might actually be giants.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never seen a "tunnel of love" ride in real life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never seen a baby pigeon in my life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never seen a black couple with an adopted white child.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never seen a man complain about a lack of plus sized male models.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never seen a plus sized male model
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never seen a police officer fill up their patrol car at a gas station
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never seen a taxi fill up at a gas station.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never seen an angel depicted with a moustache.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've never touched a bowling pin
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've only ever said "I hate you " to the people I wholeheartedly love.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've only seen "Babe" once but I've said "That'll do pig" at least 1,000 times
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I've personally boycotted more companies for their shitty commercials rather than for ethical reasons
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've practiced way more conversations in my head than I will ever actually have in life
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've probably gone to the gym more times in pokemon than I have in real life.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I've probably masturbated more times than I've been told to go fuck myself.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	I've probably spent more time looking for porn than looking at porn
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've raided more tombs in Skyrim than I have in Tomb Raider
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've ruined a lot of good songs by setting them as my alarm music.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've seen Mars with my own eyes, but not Japan.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've seen dozens of change.org petitions but never heard of a single one making any difference.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've seen far more people be offended by 'Happy Holidays' than 'Merry Christmas.'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've seen more naked ladies than any of the greatest kings of centuries past
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've seen my face constantly for 21 years and yet how I picture myself in my head and how I look in a mirror are always slightly different.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've seen my girlfriends butthole a lot more than she has.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	I've seen people on reddit do more intense research on random shit than I ever have in high school and college put together
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've seen so many price tags ending in 99 that I feel a little mentally weirded out when I see a normal, whole number price.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've spanked my wife way more than her parent ever did.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've spent thousands of hours writing academic papers for school that only a few people read whereas a stupid comment I've written on Reddit in just a few seconds has been read by thousands.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've started letting spiders live so they can kill the bugs in my house, and now I'm leaving bugs alone so my spiders have something to eat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've stolen pens from the bank. Technically I've robbed a bank.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've stopped using Facebook and been using Reddit almost exclusively, the only difference is I get the memes a day or two earlier and I don't hate everyone I know
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've survived everything I've ever done.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've taken off my pants in most malls that I've been to.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've used Bruce Almighty's "B-E-A-Utiful!" line to spell Beautiful my whole life
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've used my driver's license more to buy alcohol than to prove I'm a registered driver.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've wanted to run away as an adult way more then I ever did as a kid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've woken up over 10,000 times and I'm still not used to it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I've woken up over 8.000 times in my life and I still suck at it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	IF YOU TYPE SOMETHING ALL IN CAPS ACCIDENTALLY, you should be able to highlight said text and reverse it by hitting the caps lock key.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	IF УФЦ TЧPЗ IИ FДКЭ CУЯILLIC, IT IS LIКЗ HДVIЙG Д PФLЧДLPHДЬЭTIC CУPHЗЯ THДT MДCHIИЭS CДЙИФT ЦЙDЗЯSTДИD, ЪЦT БЯДIЙS CДИ
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	IMDB needs a filter search results by "available on Netflix" option
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	IMDB should have a "can be confused for" section for actors.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	IMDB should have a spoiler-free mode where you can hide how many episodes an actor appeared in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	IMDb should have an "it's on Netflix" tag
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ice Cube rapped about how he opposes the police, but now he is always a cop or law enforcement of some kind in the movies.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Ice Cube went from "Fuck tha Police" to frequently portraying police in movies
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ice cubes float in a pool of their own blood.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ice cubes float in their own blood
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ice skating is just walking in cursive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Iceland is the best country to be in during a Zombie outbreak. It is an island, it has a small population, is energy independent, and has volcanoes for easy corpse disposal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Idea for a gay bar name: Members Only
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ideally my car will never touch another car. If cars were living beings they would be super lonely.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ideally, Leonardo DiCaprio wins an Oscar, pulls a speech out of his pocket, blows dust off it and recites a thank you speech he wrote from "What's Eating Gilbert Grape."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If "4:20 blaze it" is a common time to smoke, why isn't high noon a thing?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If "\o/" means 'yay', does "lol" mean 'I surrender'?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If "gay" was always used in its original meaning, a guy having sex with a girl would probably be pretty gay.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If "getting to first base" and "hitting a home run" are sex euphemisms, then "pitching a perfect game" is keeping everyone at a party from f*&amp;%ing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If "look like a million bucks" is a compliment in the U.S., I bet it wouldn't work in Britain. "Does this dress make me look fat?" "No honey, you look like a million pounds!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If "sword" was a dirty word, it might be referred to as the "s-word".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If /r/anarchy practiced what they preached they would have no mods
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If 0 is a number, then I have had sex with Emma Watson a number of times.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If 0.001% of the world's population of the opposite sex finds you attractive, you could have a new partner a day until you die
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If 10,000 hours makes you a master shouldn't I be able to sleep well every night by now?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If 13 year old me knew that 30 year old me was still watching South Park, he would be so fucking happy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If 50 years ago you told people that there would be only 8 planets in the future, they would think something incredibly exciting would happen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If 50cent kept up with inflation, he'd be 73cent
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If 52% of the population of earth is Female, that means I have a bigger dick than half of the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If 666 is evil, does that mean that 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If 666 is the mark of the beast then 25.8069758011 is the root of all evil
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If 7 billion competed in a single elimination rock paper scissor tournament, the winner would have only won 33 times in a row.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If 72 virgins is the reward for blowing yourself in a crowd of innocent people, someone should start a peaceful religion that awards 73 virgins for just being cool.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If 9/11 had happened in July, Seven-Eleven would have been screwed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If 9/11 had happened in June, Seven-Eleven would have been screwed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If 9/11 had happened this year instead of 2001, we'd have all kinds of horrifying, incredible footage from people trapped inside the World Trade Center since everyone would have had a smartphone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If 9/11 happened a day earlier, it would making judging competitions very awkward on a regular basis.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If 9/11 happened two months early, 7-Eleven might have had to change their name
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If A=1, B=2, C=3, etc., then T+W+O+H+U+N+D+R+E+D+A+N+D+F+I+F+T+Y+N+I+N+E = 259
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Adele and Taylor Swift were lesbians, we would get to hear both sides of the breakup.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Alcohol was discovered today, there's just no way it would get FDA approval
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Alcohol was sold in pill form as an illegal street drug.. it would be scary for a non-user to hear about how it effects you
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Alvin &amp; The Chipmunks 4 is brave enough to release the same day as Star Wars VII: The Force Awakens, you're brave enough to ask your crush out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Amazon sold a suicide machine, it would only have negative feedback
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Amazon starts delivering our groceries with drones, it will be the grown up version of our parents making helicopter noises and putting food in our mouths.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Anna Kendrick married Kendrick Lamar, her name could potentially become Anna Kendrick-Lamar
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Anthony Weiner ran for president in 2016 and Eric Holder was his vice president, the campaign bumper stickers would say "Weiner Holder 2016".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Apple Pay came before credit/debit cards, the invention of a battery-free payment tool that fits in your wallet might be seen as an improvement.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Apple came out with a Google Glass competitor, would it be called the iPatch?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If Arkham Asylum is really an asylum, Batman beat the ever loving shit out the mentally handicapped
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Arnold Schwarzenegger and Tom Arnold ran for president, it would be Arnold/Schwarzenegger 2020. If they went by their first names, it would be Tom/Arnold 2020.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Assassin's Creed keeps going up through time it'll eventually just become Splinter Cell.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Batman's main power is to instill fear, he's basically a terrorist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Big Alcohol and Big Pharma are the villains of weed legalization, then Big Snack and Big Water should be the heroes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Bill Gates died and left his fortune to EVERYONE in the U.S., everyone would roughly gain $240
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Bill Gates gave me 40 billion dollars, he would still be richer than me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Bill Nye the Science Guy is ever replaced by a robot, it should be named Eugene the Science Machine
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Bill Nye the science guy were in New York on New Year's Eve, the headline could be "Nye in NY on NYE".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Billie Jean would've taken Michael Jackson on Maury for a paternity test he would've had the most epic "you are not the father" dance ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Breaking Bad took place entirely from Hank's perspective, his discovery about who Heisenberg really was would have been one of the best TV plot twists in recent memory.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Bruce Wayne invested in the community instead of buying crime fighting toys, there'd probably be a lot less crime to fight.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Bruce Willis dies from Viagra overdose, the headline will read "Bruce Willis Dies Hard."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Budweiser was as good at making beer as they were at making commercials, they wouldn't need commercials
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Busta Rhymes was a wizard battling in the world of Harry Potter, he would take out all the bad guys before they could finish the first syllable of their spells.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Centaurs were real, "naysayer" might be a racial slur.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Chewbacca cannot say Chewbacca, where did they get the word Chewbacca?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Christian businesses really stuck to their principles, they'd serve everyone regardless of their sins...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Cinderella would have taken off all her clothes by midnight, she could have stayed with the prince.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Cinderella's shoe was a perfect fit, then how did it fall off?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Cindy Lou Who got her Ph.D., she would be Doctor Who.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Danny DeVito put on a mask and robbed a bank, everybody would know it was Danny DeVito.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Digg had used Reddit's "Gold" System, users could have been Gold Diggers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Dr Dre ever gets into a fight or hits someone, the internet will be full of "beats by Dre" jokes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Dr. Evil were actually a Medical Doctor, he would have to have gone through a Residency at one point. If he did, his title would be "Resident Evil".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Drake and Taylor Swift went out, we'd hear both sides of the break up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Dumbledore wanted to help Harry, he could have fixed his vision. In a world of magic why is your savior reliant on glasses?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Dwayne Johnson has a son he should call him "The Pebble"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Edward Snowden was Chinese, Obama would probably invite him for dinner at the White House and advocate him as a winner for the Nobel Peace prize.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Ellen Page and Emma Stone had lesbian sex, you could call that paper, rock, scissoring.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If Elmer Fudd spent all of his time trying to rape Bugs Bunny, it would be horrific. But since he's trying to murder him, it's OK.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Elon Musk really is our Tony Stark, we should trap him in a cave until he creates a fusion reactor
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If Elton John dies who the fuck are we going to get to sing at his funeral?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Emma Watson and Prince Harry are really dating, then their future child would be a Half-Blood Prince
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If England waited 11 more days, we could've shared an Independence day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Eve doomed the human race for an apple, what would she do for a Klondike bar?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Facebook and Instagram stopped showing the number of likes a post gets, I wonder how many people would continue posting photos and selfies of themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Facebook had a dislike button, teen suicide rates would skyrocket.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Fallout 4 didn't take place in USA you probably wouldn't find live ammo in a dead woman's sundress
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Firefly had aired in 2015 instead of 2002, it would probably have just moved to Netflix when it was cancelled.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Germany is the Fatherland and Russia is the Motherland then the eastern front of WWII was the bloodiest divorce in history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Germany is the fatherland and Russia is the mother land does that make WWII domestic violence?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If God created humankind in his image, and to be rational and reasonable thinkers, then he would expect us to question his existence, based on factual evidence. Maybe the real test to get into heaven is not to believe in God.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If God created the sun on the fourth day, how had four days passed?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If God knows everything, He had to know that Adam would eat the apple. So God created a sin loop.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If God orchestrated evolution, then he went through a phase playing with dinosaurs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If God really wanted to impress, he would have made Joseph pregnant.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Goldilocks tried three beds, then Momma Bear and Daddy Bear slept seperately. Baby Bear is probably the only thing keeping the family together.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Google Maps added 5 minutes to every time estimate on directions millions of people would be on time for things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Google Street View archived its data by year, then imagine using VR to walk through a 50-200+ year old version of NYC in the distant future.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Google matched people up by their browsing history, it could be the greatest online dating website of all time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Google were to go down, I'd be convinced my Internet wasn't working for the longest time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Halloween wasn't already an established tradition, there's no way today's neurotic parents would be OK with it being introduced
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Harry Potter was real, people on Tumblr would probably be constantly complaining about the use of the word "muggle"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Hell is real, mine would involve someone following me around telling me to do things that I was already about to do..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Hermoine Granger and Sherlock Holmes had a child together, it would be the single most dangerous literary character to ever exist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Hilary Clinton gets elected President, she'll work every day in the room where her husband had an affair.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Hillary Clinton becomes president, she'll sit at the same desk Bill sat while he and Monica Lewinsky had an affair.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Hillary Clinton wins in 2016, it will be the first time that two presidents have had sex with each other.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If Hillary gets elected President, she'll have to go to work everyday, for at least four years, in the very same office where her husband got blowjobs from Monica Lewinsky.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Hogwarts is the finest, high class school for witches and wizards I'd love to see a spinoff movie of one of the more ghetto, inner-city magic schools.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Homer Simpson were a Democratic congressman from Springfield, Ohio, he'd be "Homer Simpson (D-OH)".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Homeward Bound were filmed today, it'd probably be considered unacceptable for the animals' voices to be simple voice overs. The resulting dog-mouth CGI would probably ruin the movie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Hungary gets to host the Olympics, they can call it "The Hungary Games"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I asked my parents to buy me a nice suit today, there's no chance they'd do it. But if I died today, they'd buy me a really nice suit tomorrow.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I ate nothing but butterflies, I would probably significally increase the average number of butterflies eaten per person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I bet a hooker $100 that she can't make me cum....is that prostitution or illegal gambling?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I break a bottle of wine at the supermarket, and I'm underage, they can't legally make me pay for it...
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If I bring a condom to a girl's house, I'm a presumptuous asshole. If I don't bring a condom to a girl's house, I'm an irresponsible jerk.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I brush my teeth everyday at 11:59 PM for two minutes, then I'm brushing my teeth twice a day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I buy a case of Digorno Pizza from Amazon, is or is it not delivery?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I buy a self driving car, and then sign up for UBER, i could make money sitting at home doing nothing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I can't find your hours of operation within 30 seconds on your website, you need to change your website.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If I can't have peanuts on an airplane, then you should have to vaccinate your stupid fucking kids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I can´t handle you at your worst, you´re probably a horrible human being.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I concentrated as much at work as I do when I shave my balls I'd be a millionaire by now...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I could go back in time and tell my 5-year-old self that I ride elevators every day and ~95% of the time get to push the buttons myself, he would think that was the coolest thing ever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I could read minds, I could only read minds of people that speak English because I can only speak English.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I could suddenly breathe underwater it would probably take me a LONG time to find out.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If I could swap the urge to masturbate and the urge to work out I could be competing in World's Strongest Man by next Tuesday
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I could teleport, I'd still probably be late everywhere.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I created a pregnancy test app, I wonder how many people I can convince to pee on their phone?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I date a homeless girl, I can just drop her off anywhere after the date
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I decide not to have kids, I will single-handedly be responsible for ruining a 3.5 billion year streak of reproduction.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I die a virgin that means I have a terrorist waiting to have sex with me up there.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I die before you, I beat you to death. But if I beat you to death, you die before me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I die in my sleep people will say "at least he died doing something he loved".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I die in the same hospital as I was born in the average velocity of my life would be 0
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I die when I'm 30, that means my mid-life crisis was probably the time my brother erased my saved game in The Legend of Zelda: Majora's Mask.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I died today, I wonder how many people would post on my facebook wall pretending they knew me better than they did.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I dont know exactly what is being advertised before the skip ad button pops up, you have failed as an advertiser.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If I drank enough water, my piss would be cleaner than the tap water in Flint, MI
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I drove it like I stole it, I would abide by every law to not get noticed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I ever decide to open a bar, I'm going to name it "Horn Pub"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I ever do make it to Reddits from page, it will be a lonely victory. If I tell my friends then they will see the rest of the weird stuff I said.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I ever get Alzheimer's, at least I can rewatch all my favourite comedies and not see the jokes coming.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If I ever had to do porn for money, I would do the nastiest, dirtiest stuff out there, because then if someone I know finds out, they can't tell anyone they've watched it.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If I ever have my life flash before my eyes I will have to watch myself masturbate thousands of times
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I ever lose my pinky finger, when children ask what happened I'm going to tell them that I broke a promise.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I ever need to win an argument on Reddit but don't have any proof, all I need to do is link a YouTube video to support my claim, no one actually clicks on those.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I ever open a record store it will be named, "The Vinyl Countdown."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I ever ran into Kanye I'd pretend to be oblivious and ask him to take a picture of me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I ever start going blind, I'm not going to tell the government. I'll feel more badass being illegally blind.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If I ever started doing porn, I wouldn't pick a traditional "porn name". I would name myself after the biggest bitch from my high school class, and set out to make myself the dirtiest, most disgusting porn star of all time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I fall asleep at a friends home, instead of covering me with a blanket I'd be more impressed if they plugged my phone in to charge.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I forget my password it means my past self has outwitted my present self
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I found $5, I'd pocket it. If I found $5000, I'd report it. I'd guess I'd rather find $5.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I fuel my car with ethanol, the answer to "is there any alcohol in your vehicle?" would always be yes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I got poo on any other part of my body, using tissue paper to wipe it off would be nowhere near enough
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a PhD, I'd buy takeout a lot, and when it got to me I'd say "this is just what the doctor ordered."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a Zimbabwe dollar for every time someone said "If I had a dollar", I probably still wouldn't have a dollar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a bunch of psychics I would start a pizza place instead of a psychic hotline.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a clone I wouldn't want to be friends with him because of his voice
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a dollar for every piece of useless trivia I know, I wouldn't have any money since the trivia is no longer useless if it can earn me money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a dollar for every thing millennials have been accused of killing, I'd be able to afford living in the destroyed economy the boomers left for us.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a dollar for every time I considered suicide, I'd want to live instead
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a dollar for every time I had no idea what was going on, I'd be asking people why they were giving me dollars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a dollar for every time a person over 40 said my generation sucks, I'd have enough money to buy a house in the economy they ruined.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a dollar for every time someone misused "literally" I would figuratively have a million dollars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a dollar for every useless trivia I know, I would have no money because the trivia is no longer useless because it can earn you money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a kid when I was 18, I could have a 10 year old by now. Instead I'm watching cartoons in my underwear and eating cereal, like a 10 year old.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a nickel for every up vote I received, I'd still need my day job.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a time machine, I'd go to a thrift store in 2056 and buy some reasonably priced clothes from my own generation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had a twin who was five minutes younger than me, I'd always tell him "When I was your age" and proceed to tell him what I did five minutes ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had an identical twins that was 5 minutes younger than me, I'd constantly tell them "when I was your age I..." then proceed to tell them what I was doing 5 minutes ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had jerked off just one more time, my kids would be different people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had known how much I would like reddit I would have put more effort into my user name
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had the ability to stop time, I would just use it to take naps.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If I had the post-masturbation clarity of mind before I masturbated, I probably wouldn't masturbate as much
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had the power to go back in time once, I'd probably save that power like my rare potions in video games and eventually finish the game without using it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I had the same mental clarity as I do at night all day long, I would be a very successful person
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I have 2 choices and 1 of them is taken away, I have 0 choices.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I have ever drank to forget, it worked.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I have my dogs ball cut off, I'm a responsible pet owner, but if I cut off the balls o my unemployed brother who has 6 kids who he can't provide for I'm suddenly a criminal
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I have twins, I would name them Leon and Noel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I hear a car alarm the last thing I'd think is someone's stealing a car
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I heard voices I would always wear a Bluetooth so I could answer them without social stigma
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I killed myself, I'd get a huge balloon and tie a gun to it. I'd shoot myself and the gun would float away and everyone would always wonder what happened.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I knew I was going to die soon, it would be funny to put up a huge collage wall in my bedroom of newspaper clippings relating to an unsolved string of murders.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I knew nothing about drugs, I would think something called Acid would be far worse than a drug called Heroin.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I knock up my girlfriend tonight, 12 years from now I won't have to shovel snow.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I know someone can take a joke/insult without being offended, then I don't mind if they insult me. But if it is someone who gets offended easily who insults me, I find that offensive.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If I legally changed my name to "They're All a Bunch of Useless Assholes" and then got my name on the ballot, I could win the presidency by a landslide.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I live to be 113 I will have been a teenager twice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I lived every day like it was my last, I would have one fantastic day, but then would spend every subsequent day being poor and in jail
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I lived near a time zone line, I could get McDonald's breakfast at noon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I lose one sock, I'll be annoyed. If I lose both socks, it will take a while for me to notice
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I lost at Russian Roulette I wouldn't even know
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I made a sex tape, it could be a vine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I manage my bank account like I manage my phone battery, I'd be rich.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I marry a girl I meet on tinder, there's a good chance that the first time I saw my wife was when I was taking a dump.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I meet someone in real life who has one mutual friend, that's more than enough to make a lasting connection. If I meet someone on Facebook with one mutual friend, I assume they are a robot who is trying to steal my identity and sell me sunglasses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I moon you, photons that touched my butt touch your eyes
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If I owned a company I would not block any porn sites. Then I would fire anyone stupid enough to watch it at work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I owned a copy store, I would only hire identical twins.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I owned a fast food restaurant I would have a extra button for the teller to push if the person said "Please" or was kind. That way the cooks could know to add extra fries or something small since the person was so nice.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If I owned an adult store, policy would have staff conclude a sex toy sale with a cheery smile and a hearty 'Now go fuck yourself!'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I played my life like a game I'd probably be a lot better at it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I played video games for 7 hours straight, people would think I'm a loser with too much time on my hands. If I watched Netflix for 7 hours straight, people would think I didn't have to do anything today.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I punch myself in the face and it hurts...does that make me weak or strong?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I purchase a film legally, I have to sit through minutes of unskippable piracy warnings and FBI threats. I could avoid this minor punishment and get straight to the film if I chose to pirate it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I push the right buttons, in the right order, on the machine on my desk, I could make millions of dollars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I put a wool sweater on my dog, I will have created a wolf in sheep's clothing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I put an empty bowl out on Halloween with a sign that says "Take one", I'll look like a good person and everyone will think someone just took all the candy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I put something in the refrigerator the first time am I just frigerating it?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I replaced my shoelaces with Apple earphones, I'd never have to worry about them coming undone ever again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I said "happy birthday" to strangers I interact throughout the day, eventually I'll be right and that person will be really creeped out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I save up all my dryer lint, I could spin it back into yarn and knit myself a sweater that's the average color of my entire wardrobe.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I saw a ghost, it would be the happiest day of my life... even if it was a scary ghost that planned to kill me, at least I would know there's an afterlife.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I say a word that isn't in the dictionary and another person understands what I mean, but tells me that is not a word, they are holding back the progression of language.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I search "define definition" in google, will I get the definition for define, or definition?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I see a lot of police cars in one area, I immediately begin to feel more nervous than safe.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I see something like a cat or hydraulic press at the top of the front page I know all has been relatively well with the western world for the past 24 hours
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I select text in Word, I should be able to capitalize all of it by hitting caps lock, or put it all in quotes by hitting the quotation mark
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I shout out "GOD IS GREAT!" right now on this packed subway I may get some strange looks. If I shout out "GOD IS GREAT!" in Arabic however I may cause a panic and get arrested.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I sold cocaine, I would use the line "is Pepsi okay?" Everyday
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I spent my Reddit time reading something useful instead, I could probably be an expert in something genuinely beneficial to my life by now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I start watching Back to the Future II at 4:25:39 PM today, the time circuits in the movie and the actual time will line up exactly when they first arrive in 2015.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I started a religion, my God would have created everything in two days and then relaxed for five.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I teach my parents something, they're learning from their mistake.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I tell my auto insurance provider that I now identify as female, do my rates go down?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I tell others I'll teach my sons to respect women, I sound like a nice guy. If I say I'll teach my daughters to respect men, I sound like a misogynist
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I think in my own voice, does my dog think in his own barks?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I throw around large amounts of shredded bread on public property, my proximity to ducks determines whether or not I'm littering.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I throw around large amounts of shredded bread on public property, my proximity to pigeons determines whether or not I'm littering.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I touch my phone in the right places, a pizza will show up at my front door.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If I treated people how I wanted to be treated, I would go around sucking dick.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I treated real life like Reddit, anytime I would walk into a crowded room, I'd yell out a thought or question, leave for 10 minutes, go back in and walk around trying to hear if people were talking about what I said.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I used the term "Walmart sized people", you'd know exactly who I was talking about.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was 5 years old, I wouldnt understand 99% of the explanations offered in ELI5.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was a Gotham socialite I would have long since stopped going to benefits and fundraisers out of fear of being gassed, frozen, or tied up.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If I was a Gotham villain my name would be Earl E. Bird. Id commit crimes at daybreak because signaling Batman would be pretty fucking hard.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was a cashier at a pot shop, I would greet customers with "How high are you today?" Instead of "Hi, how are you today?".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was a drug dealer, every time someone would ask for coke I would say, "is pepsi okay?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was a musician, I would let Weird Al parody my song under the stipulation that I be somewhere in the music video, dressed up as a parody of Weird Al
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was a pear farmer, my slogan would be "Grow a Pear".
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If I was a pornstar, I'd be pretty god damn salty that Kim Kardashian is number #1 on Pornhub
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If I was a school teacher, I'd intentionally use memes incorrectly, just to drive the little shits crazy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was a serial killer, I'd leave a Klondike bar wrapper at every murder scene, letting everyone know exactly what I would do for a Klondike bar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was a stripper I would call myself The Ogre, because I grind men's bones to make my bread.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was a toy manufacturer I would make make a talking toy that said things that were creepy 1 in 1000 times just to mess with people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was a woman, I'd be a seasonal stripper named Pumpkin Spice just to get money for Christmas Shopping.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was a writer or producer for a tv show, I would end every season/break with a cliffhanger, and go spend a couple days on reddit. Cause reddit really does have better ideas than most writers in Hollywood.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was an Optometrist, my business card would say "You'll see! You'll all see!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was asked to describe color to a blind person, I would just hand them bottles of POWERADE and tell them the color they are drinking.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was born after nine months, and an hour before me, a premature baby was born after seven-and-a-half months, they would be older than me despite existing for a shorter period of time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was born after nine months, and an hour before me, a premature baby was born after seven-and-a-half months, they would would be older than me despite existing for a shorter period of time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was granted 50% off on every purchase I make for the rest of my life, I'd probably just end up with twice as much crap instead of more money in the bank.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was one of the first astronauts on Mars I would pat Curiosity rover on the head like a good dog.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was studying to learn English, and I saw the word "Eighth" I think I'd just throw the book down and give up
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I was teleported to the middle ages, I'd have no idea how to recreate any current technology.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were Chinese, I would point at random westerners' Chinese tattoos and say "Hey, I love shrimp fried rice as well!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were a cop, I'd drive an unmarked car with a "honk if you're drunk" bumper sticker.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were a dentist, I would probably not recommend the best toothpaste
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were a famous celebrity, I'd only sign autographs as a trade. It'd be pretty cool to have a collection of thousands of fans' autographs.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If I were a ghost, id haunt people by knocking on their door as soon as they started masturbating.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were a judge, every time someone finished speaking in court I'd yell "Well I'll be the judge of that."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were a robber in Gotham City, I would wait until there were clear skies so the bat-signal had no clouds to be seen on.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were a serial killer I would call myself the suspense so that the suspense would literally be killing people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were ever to commit a crime, I'd do it on April 1st in an outrageous costume. So when the police are called they'll be all "hurry a man in a spaghetti costume is robbing the bank" and the police will be all "naw nice try mate"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were gay, I'd only date guys my size, so we could share clothes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were immortal, I would have to be extra careful not to get trapped somewhere with no way to get out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were in the mafia, I'd always use a remote starter for my car
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were invisible I'd go to Paris and beat up a street mime...the amount of applause he would get would be incredible
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were stranded on an island with a fully functioning plane and runway... I'd still be stranded on that island
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were to be diagnosed with cancer, I would cut off all my long hair before beginning chemo and have a wig made from my own hair.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were to kill a murderer, there would be the same number of murderers left in the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were to kill a spider in my Reeses Pieces, I would say, "Rest in Pieces, Pest in Reeses."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were to kill someone that I really hated I would cremate them and plant their ashes with a tree. Then several years later I'll burn down the tree and kill that person again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were to quit my job today and become a psychic, I would advertise with a sign that reads, "Voted best psychic of 2016!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were to rename my cat Meow, he would basically be a pokemon who knows bite and scratch
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I were to turn invisible, light would pass straight through my eyes, so I'd be blind
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I win the powerball I won't tell anyone, then post a status on Facebook asking if anyone could help me move some furniture. Whoever offered would get $1,000,000.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I won a years supply of calendars, I would only win 1 calendar
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I wore a British flag sweater while in the UK, people would assume I'm a tourist. If I wore an American flag sweater while in America, they'd assume I'm a local.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I'm a 7 out of 10, that's the same as 3.5 out of 5. I probably wouldn't buy me on Amazon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I'm brushing my teeth next to someone I always brush a bit longer than when I'm by myself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I'm ever being followed in a car, I'm gonna go to a fast food drive-thru and test their commitment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I'm high enough to think my dog thinks I smoke too much, he's probably right.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I'm ignorant of the law, I get a citation. If the cop is ignorant of the law, I get a citation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I'm illegally downloading something with satellite Internet, wouldn't that make me a space pirate?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I'm lucky, my internal organs will never see the light of day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I'm out walking my dog in public and we both have to pee, only he is allowed to. We've made laws that are specist against ourselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If I'm spelling a word correctly, the predictive keyboard on my phone should show me synonyms instead of six variants of the same word I'm currently typing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Ice Cube got shot and killed instead of Tupac, would Tupac be making movies like "Are We There Yet?" and Cube would be remembered as one of the hardest rappers?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Instagram hadn't taken its name, "Instagram" may have ended up as a marijuana delivery service
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If J.J. Abrams screws up Star Wars, he will be referred to as Jar-Jar Abrahams forever more.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If JJ Abrams doesn't do a good job with Episode VII, Star Wars fans will probably call him Jar Jar Abrams
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Japan had won WWII, we'd be learning in school about the Japanese freeing people from the concentration camps in America.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If Jeb wins the GOP nomination and makes Cheney his side man, their slogan can be "same dick, new bush"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Jehovah's Witnesses believe there are only 144,000 spots in heaven, why do they go around telling everyone about it instead of keeping it a secret?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Jesus came back today, the most devout "Christians" would probably be the ones to persecute him.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Jesus came to earth now, non-Christians would think he was mental and actual Christians would be offended that someone was claiming to be Jesus
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Jesus had been stoned to death, Christians would all wear little rocks around their necks
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Jesus had died today, he probably would have been the subject of many memes just like Harambe
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Jesus was born to a virgin Mary, then he'd only have an X chromosome. That would make Jesus a female.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Jesus were born today, DNA tests would prove who the father was.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Jews supposedly control the media, why can't we have any good Chanukah movies?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Jimmy John's wanted to open an upscale version of their restaurant, they could call it "James Johnathan's."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If John Hammond really had "Spared no expense" you'd think he'd have hired more than one IT guy for Jurassic Park.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If John McCain is a war failure for being captured, isn't Donald Trump a business/leadership failure for filing bankruptcies?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If Justin Bieber somehow commits suicide, the internet would feel so shitty, being part of the largest case of cyber-bullying in history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If KFC sold buckets of just their breaded chicken skin, I'd buy it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Kanye Really Needs The Money He Should Just Make A Sex Tape With Ray J
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If Kanye West became President. You could find the first lady on pornhub.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Kanye West becomes president, it will be the first time in history that millions of people have seen the First Lady's nudes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Kanye West were to win Album of the Year over Beyonce, would he have to interrupt himself?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If Kanye and Kim's child's name is North West, that makes Kim's vagina the Northwest Passage.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Kanye runs for President in 2020 and wins, Taylor Swift should grab the mic and interrupt his inaugural address.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Katniss and Peeta from "Hunger Games" were Hollywood celebrities, their supercouple nickname would either be Katpee or Peeniss
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Kim Jong Un does anything really impressive and tells people, no one will ever believe him
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Kirby grew a beard it would also be his pubes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Leo was black, there would be millions of people who thought his race is why he hasn't won an Oscar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Leonardo DiCaprio did an AMA would no one give him gold to keep this joke going?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Leonardo Dicaprio ever wins an Oscar, he should pull out a dusty piece of paper and do an acceptance speech as if it's from 1993
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Leonardo Dicaprio wins an Oscar this year, they should get Steve Harvey to announce it just to make him nervous
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If London gets an NFL team they should be called The Redcoats and they have to play The Patriots once a year.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Lord of the Rings was written 2000 years ago, there would be a religion based on it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Luke Skywalker ends up being the villain in the new Star Wars trilogy, then Obi-Wan Kenobi really sucks at training Jedis to be good.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If M. Night Shyamalan's next film doesn't have a twist at the end, I'll consider it as his biggest twist.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If Magic Johnson's basketball career failed, he would have had an incredible porn name.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Malala from "I am Malala" does an AMA, and her space bar breaks, it will lead to the most confusing title of all time: IAMAMALALAOFIAMMALALAAMA.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Marty McFly showed up today, he wouldn't need to change clothes. We would just think he was a hipster.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Marty McFly time traveled to the actual 2015 his outfit wouldn't have looked out of place due to the vintage fashion trend
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Mary gave birth to Jesus, and Jesus is the lamb of God, then clearly, Mary had a little lamb.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Mary had baby Jesus, and Jesus is the lamb of God.... Then Mary really did have a little lamb
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If Mary was a virgin, that means her marriage to Joseph was never consummated, meaning Jesus was born out of wedlock. Jesus was a bastard
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If May the 4th is Star Wars Day, July the 7th should be James Bond Day. 07/07 = Double 07.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If McDonald's "forgot" a $.50 piece of extra cheese 10 times a day at each of their 36,000 locations, that wasn't disputed, then they steal 60+ million dollars a year.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If McDonalds is serving breakfast all day, they should take a Spicy McChicken patty and put it on a McGriddle Bun and call it the McChicken N' Waffle
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Men at Work and Men Without Hats formed a super group, they would be a potential OSHA violation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Michael Cera started a clothing line, he could use the slogan "Try Cera Tops"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Microsoft keeps naming new versions of Windows with the next higher number, eventually they'll get up to Windows 95 again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Microsoft let you play Minesweeper or Solitaire while Windows updated we'd hate Windows updates a lot less
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Mike Wazowski opens up a tattoo shop it would be called Monsters Ink
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Money = Power, then Jewels = Joules
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Monopoly was invented today, you would be able to buy Jail like any other property.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Netflix had a "I don't want to watch this movie. Ever" option, its recommendations would be much better
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Netflix had trailers, it would make picking a movie a lot easier.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If Netflix really wants people to stop sharing accounts and pay individually, they should just start offering porn
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Netflix required you to sign in frequently... 80 percent of the people I know wouldn't have Netflix.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Nintendo made a Virtual Reality Mario Kart that could quite possibly be the most insane game ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If North Korea ever does actually launch an attack, people in the future are going to think we were the most oblivious people in history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If North Korea were human, it would be a teenager. It can't feed itself and makes loud threats that it never delivers on.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If OJ Simpson Hadn't screwed up we wouldn't be having all this Kardashian shit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If OJ Simpson never knifed his wife, Rob Kardashian and his demon spawn would be completely irrelevant.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Obama was the president of Kenya, he would be their first white president.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Ocean's Eleven taught me anything, it is that the MGM Grand is going to get robbed after the fight tonight.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Oscar the Grouch had a hippie brother he'd live in the recycling bin.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If Penis Enlargement pills claiming to double your size actually worked, you could have a penis as long as the galaxy is wide with only 73 pills
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Pinocchio said "My nose will now grow", his nose will be stuck in an infinite loop of growing and ungrowing, making him the perfect sex toy.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If Prince William has had anal sex with Kate Middleton, she is one of the few who have ever been royally fucked in the ass.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Professor Xavier ever tried to read Deadpool's mind, could he potentially break the fourth wall accidentally? Therefore discovering our world?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If R2-D2 was carrying the plans for the death star inside of him, why did he need to jack into their system to find where to shut off the tractor beam?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Rand Paul were to run for President and select Paul Ryan as his running mate, their campaign ticket (ex. Obama Biden 2012) would read Paul Ryan 2016. If they went by first names it would be Rand Paul 2016.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Reddit shut down for a month, sites like BuzzFeed would have no idea what to do for content.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Redtube wasn't a thing, Youtube Red would be named Redtube
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Russia is "The Motherland" and Germany is "The Fatherland", does that make Poland the abused child?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Samsung would have listened to their users and made the Note 7 have a user-removable battery, they could have saved billions on the recall by just exchanging the battery
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Santa travels faster than the speed of light to deliver all of the presents in time, what good is a reindeer with a light up nose to guide the way?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Satan punishes the bad guys, doesn't that make him a good guy?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If September 11th would have happened on July 11th, it would have been completely devastating to the 7-Eleven company.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Sheldon from Big Bang Theory was a real person, there would likely be few things on earth he would hate more than the show itself
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Snapchat existed when I was a kid, it would be a fax machine hooked up to a shredder.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If Snapchat keeps all photos taken and underage people are always getting in trouble for taking nude selfies on Snapchat, does that make Snapchat the world's biggest collection of child pornography?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If South Park did an episode about Reddit, nobody would understand the episode but Reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If Spiderman were actually anatomically similar to a spider he would shoot web out of his ass and not his wrists.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Stanley Kubrick DID direct the moon landing, he would probably be so perfectionist he had them film on location anyway.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Star Wars REALLY happened a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away, we might be able to watch it through a telescope right now or at some point in the future.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Star Wars actually took place 'a long long time ago, in a galaxy far away," we could witness the destruction of the Death Star once the light from that location got to us.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Star Wars happened a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away, I might be able to watch it through a telescope right now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Steve Harvey hosts the Oscars next year, Leonardo DiCaprio might stand a chance to win one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Steve Jobs was reincarnated into a Chinese family he would be old enough to be making iphones now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Steven Avery ends up freed due to Making A Murderer, it'll be the first time Netflix ever led to anyone spending more time outdoors.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If String Theory is true, and there are an infinite number of realities, could there be a reality in which String Theory isn't true?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Taylor Swift did an AMA, it would be the perfect opportunity for a surprise Kanye West AMA.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Tetris was released today for the first time, line pieces would probably be obtainable only through microtransactions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If The Revenant wins the Best Visual Effects Oscar this year and Leonardo DiCaprio doesn't end up winning Best Actor, then that means the Bear has won an Oscar and Leo hasn't
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If The wolf of wallstreet showed just 10 seconds of some family loosing their home beacause of bad investments the movie would feel totally different.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If US and Russia exchanged few warhead strikes, we could all play Fallout GO.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Virtual Reality games become a thing, pro gamers will need to be in shape as a physical sport athlete
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Voldemort really wanted to kill Harry Potter on the night that the spell didn't work, he could've just picked him up and thrown him out a window given that Harry was a little baby
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Voldemort really wanted to kill harry potter the night the spell didn't work on him he could've just picked him up and thrown him out a window given the fact that he was a one year old infant.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Volkswagen was in the cloning industry, their slogan could be "We Double You". *German Accent*
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Wayne and Garth were YouTubers they would've been massively successful.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Whose Line is it Anyway was rebooted as a live show, social media could use hashtag submissions to make it the best improv show ever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Wikipedia wanted to reach the donation goal quicker, they should hold "blackouts" around exam weeks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Wile E. Coyote had enough money to buy all that ACME stuff, why didn't he just buy dinner
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Will Smith wins an Oscar next year people will say it's because his wife protested. If he doesn't win an Oscar people will say it's because his wife protested. Either way he will never again receive full credit for his acting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Wolverine has amazing healing capabilities, surely he should not have a belly button, as it should've healed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If Yoda quotes himself, does his sentence structure become normal?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If [deleted] had a user page, it'd probably be the most entertaining read on all of reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If [deleted] were actually a user, he would have the lowest comment karma on all of Reddit
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If a 4 year old said ELI5 he or she would sound like a cocky dick
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a God does not exist, religions are the largest and craziest fandoms.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a Kanye West biopic is made in the distant future, it will be almost impossible for the lead actor to believably portray him without seeming like they are "overacting"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a Mars Rover ever breaks down, NASA would have a 4th world problem.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a Redditor created their account on February 29th, does the Cake Day icon only appear every 4 years?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a Redditor mentions they have a girlfriend, nobody believes it. If they mention having a wife, nobody questions it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a Snickers is all it takes to satisfy you, you weren't hungry enough to justify your bad attitude.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a Stormtrooper shoots and kills a major character in the new Star Wars movie, it will be the greatest plot twist of all time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a TV Show is cancelled, it should be mandatory for a final episode to be made that provides viewers with closure.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a TV ad ever asks you a question (like "fed up of juicing by hand?"), then you should be able to say "no", and the ad automatically stop.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a World War 3 happens, it would get really awkward online as we are able to talk with our enemies
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a baby is born at 1 AM EST in New York (10 PM PST the previous day), and a baby is born one hour later in Los Angeles (11 PM PST, 2 AM EST), the second child born is legally older, while actually being an hour younger.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a baby is born on an airplane and then the plane crashes, it's possible that their date of death precedes their date of birth.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If a bigger car implies a smaller penis, and larger shoes imply a larger penis, then clowns must have massive dicks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a blind person tells their significant other they've been seeing someone, it could either be really terrible news or really great news
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a bra can be called an "Over the shoulder boulder holder", can underpants be called an "under the butt nut hut"?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a broken clock is correct twice a day, and almost all clocks are somewhat ahead or behind the correct time, broken clocks have the correct time more frequently than working clocks...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a building is built on a plot, and each floor is a story, is each room a chapter?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a burglar broke into my house at night, I'm sure they'd give up after the fourth baby gate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a car lives a successful life, it will never touch another car.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If a centaur gave me a blow job, it'd just be gay human sex. If I gave a centaur a blow job, it'd be bestiality.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a character in Toy Story died, the toys would have to watch Andy play with the corpse of that character.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a clock is broken, it will display the exact time twice a day. If it's working, it probably won't ever show the true time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a commercial annoys me, I'll go out of my way to avoid using the product.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a deaf person loses a finger, does it become a speech impediment?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a dentist makes his money off people with unhealthy teeth, why should I trust a toothbrush and toothpaste that 4 out of 5 dentists recommend?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If a dick was like other muscles and got bigger through regular exercises, gyms would be a lot weirder.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a doctor is performing an abortion, and someone barges in yelling, "Abort, abort!", does he stop, or get really enthusiastic?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a dog were chasing a parrot, and the parrot happened to repeat the word "Sit," the dog might obey it as a command and neither animal would know what had just happened.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a female inmate is released at that time of the month, her sentence ends with a period.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a fight video was uploaded to YouTube and was over 240p, not shaky, and not filmed in portrait, I would think it was faked
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If a french person says the word "happiness", it sounds like they're saying "a penis". But the french word for "happiness" is "bonheur" so if an english person tries to pronounce that, it sounds like "boner"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a ghost is trying to kill you, does he want you as a friend?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a gif is open in another tab, and there is no one there to watch it, does it move?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a girl doesn't make you wear a condom, she probably didn't make anyone else wear one either...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a girl is hotter than me, I am by definition cooler than her
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a girl likes water she already likes 75% of me
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If a girl walks into the bar with her tits half showing, and I look, I'm a pervert. If I walk into a bar with my cock half showing, and a girl looks, then I'm still a pervert.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a guy makes a girl cum in under a minute he's a god. If a girl makes a guy cum in under a minute she laughs about it with her friends.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a homeless person were to be placed under house arrest, would he be free to go any where he wants?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a horcrux from Harry Potter splits your soul in half then Tom Riddles diary had far more of Voldemorts soul in it than Voldemort himself
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a human sperm cell contains 37.5 megabytes of data, and I have 215 million sperm cells, then I have an 8 petabyte ballsack.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a linkin park song plays in the forest and there's no one around to hear it, in the end, does it even matter?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If a male gets breast implants, can his nipples be shown on TV?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a man says you're ugly he's being mean; If a woman says you're ugly she's envious; If a little kid says you're ugly...you're ugly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a man wears a thong and gets an erection would he give himself a wedgie
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a million of us picked a certain redditor and all donated just $1, we would have the power to make someone a millionaire
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a million of us picked a certain redditor and followed them on social media, we would have the power to make someone famous
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a minor goes to a store and accidentally breaks a bottle of alcohol they can't pay for it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a movie bombs at the box office they should release all the footage to see if someone could edit together a better movie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a picture is worth a 1000 words, why can't I judge a book for it's cover?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a pizza has radius 'z' and a thickness of 'a', then its volume can be defined as Pi(z*z)a
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a place where the road splits is a "fork in the road", would a cul-de-sac be a spoon in the road?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a president had a doctorate, would you still call them "Mr. President," or would you go for "Dr. President?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a rabbit was a pokemon, it's evolution would be a kangaroo.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a rapper raps about how much money he has I just download his music for free.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a serial killer in pursuit of a running victim started yelling "It's a prank" they would probably catch them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a serial killer murders one person after the other then a terrorist could also be called a parallel killer.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If a serial killer was hunting me - he would become very pissed at my lack of routine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a sex addict becomes a prostitute, are they then an immediate workaholic?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a stranger insults me, I'l probably ignore it, as their opinion is meaningless. If a stranger compliments me, I'll probably treasure it, as their opinion is important.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a tattoo artist pays a stripper back with tattoos, would that be the only truely Tit-For-Tat relationship?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a three year old says ELI5, he's just being cocky.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a toy from Toy Story died, the kids wouldn't know, and the other toys would have to watch the kids play with their corpses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a vegan treats a girl "like a piece of meat," he is probably actually quite respectful.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a website blocks me from viewing them with an adblocker, I'm perfectly fine with closing the tab 100% of the time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a website stored my incorrect password attempts, they could get passwords to most of my accounts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a woman climaxes fast the man sees it as a compliment. If a man climaxes fast it is seen as. a shameful joke.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If a woman had a one-night stand with a different man every week, people would make jokes about her vagina being loose from overuse. If a different woman was in a relationship and had sex with her SO 2-3 times a week, no one would make those jokes.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If a woman has preference for tall men, that's OK. If a man has a preference for Asian women, he has a "fetish."
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If a woman has sex with different men every week, people will make fun of her vagina being loose from overuse, but no one will make that joke about a woman who has sex 2-3 times a week with the same man. Apparently variety makes a vagina lose elasticity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a woman was pregnant with the spawn of the devil, would the Church want her to abort it?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If a zombie outbreak happened on Halloween, the resulting post apocalyptic world would be much more visually interesting.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If abortion is legal but prostitution is not, then a woman owns her uterus but the vagina belongs to the state.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If ads had like and dislike buttons, maybe companies would realize how annoying they were and make better ones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If alcohol reveals your true self, then my real self just want to go to sleep.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If alcohol was classified like any other drug it would be a prime example of how drugs can ruin your life
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If alcohol were invented right now, it would be classified as an extremely dangerous drug, and a societal threat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If alien life is ever discovered, 'aliens don't exist' will become the new popular conspiracy theory
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If aliens actually landed, there would be conspiracy theories explaining why they didn't.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If aliens come to earth, we have to explain why we made dozens of movies in which we fight and kill them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If all fingerprints are unique, and act as friction pads, then some people are inherently better at holding onto things than others.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If all men get a boner every morning, then it means humanity has been doing an unending boner wave around the earth since forever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If all other humans disappeared, my first indication would not be empty streets but a standstill of Reddit and Facebook.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If all previous Presidents were black, Barack Obama would be the first white President
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If all the original members of a band were replaced, most people would argue that it's not the same band. But a sports team replaces all of its members after a certain number of years, and it's still the same team.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If an actor I admire turns out to be completely detestable IRL, I should actually be even more impressed with his acting skills.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If an adult had told me as a child that they secretly don't have a clue what they're doing, growing up would have been a lot less of a shock.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If an alien came up to me one day and said "take me to your leader", I would have no idea how to accomplish that.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If an angel were to come speak to me, I'd be more convinced I had schizophrenia than that God existed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If an anthropologist was studying my sexual habits, they would think that my biggest turn on was doing homework.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If an apple a day really kept the doctor away, some scumbag company would corner the apple industry, and sell them $100 an apple.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If an egg is broken by an outside force, life ends. If an egg is broken by an inside force, life begins.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If an hourly worker is involved in a hostage situation at work, do they get paid for being there? Does that make them a professional hostage?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If an illegal immigrant fought a child molester would it be Predator VS. Alien
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If ancient Egyptians could see the internet today, they'd be very proud of the amount of cat videos.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If animated GIFs are popular, doesn't that mean silent movies are back in style?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If another country goes to the moon and knocks over the USA flag I would bet the US is crazy enough to send people back to the moon just to fix it and put the flag up right again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If any great Scientist had died as a child, other scientists would have eventually made their discoveries. If any great Writer had died as a child, no one else would ever have written their books.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If anyone should be pro-marijuana, it's the snack food industry.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If anyone was given the challenge to fall asleep in 10 minutes in exchange for a million dollars, almost everyone would fail miserably.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If anything terrible should ever happen to Weird Al, God forbid, there should be a tribute concert where artists perform Al's versions of their songs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If arms manufacturers started using pig leather for gun grips, ISIS wouldn't be able to use them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If assisted suicide were legal, people could have planned death ceremonies and speeches.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If baby humans and animals look so cute to keep us from caring how annoying and needy they are and not kill them, I wonder if blind people are more prone to just drop kicking a crying infant.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If bad luck was real, we would have weaponized it long ago. Releasing black cats into enemy camps. Dangling massive ladders under planes and flying over occupied territory. Hiding mirrors under dirt on enemy roads.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If baldness was as common in women as men, we would have found a cure by now
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If batman's parents were still alive he would probably still be raised by Alfred.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If batteries could be charged from the friction of scrolling, our phones would never die.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If bill gates lost $1mil at a casino, he could buy the casino to get his money back.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If birds didn't exist would planes?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If both arms were on one side of the body, T-shirts would be called F-shirts
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If bud light was part of the box tops program, my kid's school would have a planetarium and a hockey team.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If cable companies can say "Up to 20Mb/s" , I should be able to to pay them "up to $39.99".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If cannibalism was socially accepted, saying "I'm in the mood for Chinese" would have a completely different meaning.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If cats had wings,they'd still just lay there.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If cats ran society, catnip might be an illegal drug; If they had pet humans, they might buy marijuana to watch us get wonky.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If censorship was truly effective, then we'd have no idea it was even happening
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If children's beauty pageants didn't already exist, and you tried to start one, you'd probably go to jail
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If cigarette taxes are to stop people from smoking, doesn't that mean income taxes are to stop people from working?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If colleges really want to prepare high school students for today's job market then they should only accept students who have "at least 2-3 years college experience".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If combat in Harry Potter is based on saying spells quickly and at the right time, rappers would basically be the magical Navy SEALs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If congressmen and women don't show up to work, then they should not be able to get paid. Just like everyone else who doesn't show up to work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If cops need to shoot dogs to stay safe, our postal workers are woefully unarmed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If deer could speak, the females would say to the males, "Nice rack."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If dentists make money from people with bad teeth, why should I trust a toothpaste that 9/10 dentists recommend.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If depictions of Hitler's mustache were illegal, you couldn't put a black bar over them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If dirty jokes are known as adult jokes, why are you called immature if you laugh at them?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If dismembering someone means to take off their limbs, shouldn't remembering someone mean putting them back together?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If doctor had told me I have 6 months left to live, I would approach it as any other deadline and probably just be lazy until the last month.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If dogs really can sense evil, maybe all those tragedies where pit bulls kill infants are just the dog stopping a future serial killer before it's too late.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If eHarmony is so good why would you need a year subscription?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If earphones keep getting tangled and shoelaces keep getting untangled, why don't we use earphones as shoelaces and shoelaces as earphones?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If ejaculating reduces risk of prostate cancer, then porn websites are fighting cancer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If employee of the month won a private bathroom instead of a parking spot, I would be way more motivated at my job.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If enough Olympians contract Zika in Brazil this summer at least we can look forward to a really kickass Special Olympics in about 20 years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If enough people in the same area have the same speech impediment it becomes an accent
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If every U.S. sports team converted to metric, Americans would understand the metric system by the next game.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If every atom in your body is replaced every seven years, does that mean that if I don't have sex for 7 years my penis is technically a virgin?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If every cigarette takes 5 mins off my life, but I spend 10 mins enjoying it, then I'm still operating at a net gain.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If every human began as a single cell, and it's estimated that the adult human body has over 37 trillion cells, you have increased your size by 3,700,000,000,000,000% you fat fuck
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If every person on earth was required to spend one work day a year naked we would all workout more.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If every person worldwide blinked simultaneously, nobody would notice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If everybody was consistently as determined as they are when they carry all groceries in one trip, this world would be in a better place
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If everyone alive today would blink at the same time, no one would notice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If everyone gets sent to prison for illegally downloading music one day, I hope they at least separate us all by genre.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If everyone on Earth died simultaneously, the Internet would be comprised entirely of bots posting, liking and upvoting each other.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If everyone stays in character all night, a halloween party is basically a highly confusing, plotless LARP game
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If everyone was given one free, totally legal kill in their life, I bet everyone would be much nicer to one another.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If everyone were blind, racial slurs would all be about how people sound.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If everything that's happened in 2016 happened in 2012, we'd all be taking the whole Mayan apocalypse thing very seriously.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If facebook added an anonymous dislike button, there would be a lot less garbage on our newsfeeds.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If farts smelt nice people would ask you for the recipe eg."what did you eat to get that smell?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If fast food places gave cashiers 1% of the orders they rung up back as a bonus, they'd probably see productivty and upselling Skyrocket. They'd tell all their friends and family to eat there and would be super motivated. It could easily pay for itself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If fat cells are just a body's way of storing energy to use later... I'm not fat, I'm full of potential.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If febreze really did eliminate smells, the scented version wouldn't exist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If female lunch servers are referred to as "Lunch Ladies," shouldn't male ones be called "Lunch Lords?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If fire drills have done anything for me, they've taught me to treat fire alarms as a joke.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If fish could scream, fishing would probably be a lot less popular.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If fish keep declining, future generations will think "plenty of fish in the sea" is a sarcastic quip meaning they will never find anyone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If five slaves had an orgy in the 1800's, it would be considered a three way.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If football had not existed, Messi would be a normal guy. Maybe I'm the best player of a sport that doesn't exist, and that's why I'm a normal guy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If gangsters held their phones like they held their guns, world-star would have a lot more watchable content.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If ghosts are real, i'd mostly be embarassed about how much I've masturbated in front of them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If ghosts are real, why do people expect to see them in abandoned old places? If I were a ghost I'd hang out at like disneyland or a girl's shower room
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If ghosts existed, why are they all apparently from the last 100 years or so? Wouldn't there be evidence of a Neanderthal ghost here and there?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If giraffes didn't exist, they would be way less plausible than unicorns.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If glasses become sexy, then having bad eyesight will make you more likely to reproduce. We will be reversing evolution.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If gravity were to randomly cut off, cars would launch off the ground due to the force in the suspension.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If gym equipment was invisible, gyms would look like silent raves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If hackers really wanted to embarrass America, they should disable the red underline that appears if you misspell a word
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If having a small penis was really an issue, the "small penis genes" would have gone extinct long time ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If having sex on an airplane puts you in the mile high club, does having sex on a subway put you in the six foot under club?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If hell is as full of gay people as they say it is, I'm going to have a really good time
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If high school was a movie, high schoolers wouldn't be allowed to watch it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If hollister and LaCoste decided to merge, I don't think many people would wear Hollicoste brand clothing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If homosexual sex is no longer counted as intercourse in Florida, then that means that no homosexual can be charged for having sex in public. They get a free pass.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If horses were carnivorous. They'd be fucking terrifying.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If humanity was wiped out today there would still be bots posting on reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If humans could fly, we'd consider it exercise and never do it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If humans didn't wear clothing, we'd all be in better shape.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If humans ever become enslaved by Artificial intelligence the Amish are going to be so pissed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If humans had 100% control of their body's, they'd probably not do anything but release dopamine into their brain 24/7
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If humans had invented refrigeration early on, our food would be extremely bland with no cheeses, cured meats, pickled veggies, smoked fish, sweet jams, etc.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If humans had three legs, we'd call sandals flip-flap-flops
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If humans share 50-60% of DNA with bananas, does that mean some people are 10% more banana than others?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If humans showing compassion to animals is called humane, then is dog showing compassion to humans called doge?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If humans would live up to 1000 years instead of 100 or less we would think very differently about climate change.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If i owned a taser I'd probably get curious to see how it feels and taser myself and that's why i dont own a taser.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If i see a video on Reddit that's longer than 2 minutes, I think to myself "I don't have time to watch a video that long" then proceed to spend another hour dicking around on Reddit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If i'm wiping off my vacuum cleaner with a towel, that makes me a vacuum cleaner.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If immortality becomes a thing... I'm going to quit my job and become a divorce attorney.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If it is "never too late" to start something. Then why start today?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If it was true that one's manhood was directly proportional to the size of one's shoes, and inversely proportional to the size of one's car, then clowns would be record holders.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If it wasn't for pizza, I would never know I liked pepperoni.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If it weren't for all the bullshit and scandal, I wouldn't even know the Olympics was happening right now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If it weren't for auto correct, I would never have heard of Redditch, England.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If it weren't for porn, many of us wouldn't know what a beautiful woman looks like naked.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If items in a vending machine were all $1 instead of $1.15 or $1.25, I'd be much more inclined to buy something.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If job ads say "must be fluent in Mandarin" why don't they post the entire ad in Mandarin, that way only genuinely fluent people could apply?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If joggers did not exist, who would find all the dead bodies??
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If keyboards came with braille on them, we all could have subconsciously learned braille by now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If kids can stay on their parent insurance until 26, parents should be able to go their kids insurance at 65. Social Security and Medicare problem solved.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If kids these days read something about an 8 inch floppy disk, they might just think it is a typo
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If last names came from professions like Blacksmith, Fischer, and Hunter; then someone drop the ball with Dickinson
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If last names were thought up today, boobsmith would be a good name for plastic surgeons.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If libraries were thought up today, they would be shut down by book industry lobbyists
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If life was an MMO people would criticize it for its awful balancing and how much mindless grinding you have to do.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If light travels faster than sound, why can i hear my girlfriend bitching at me before i can see what have i done wrong?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If lightsabers ever get mass produced the companies name should be Sith &amp; Wesson.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If marijuana and prostitution both become legal across the US, I could open a combination fueling station, brothel, and dispensary called "The Gas, Ass, and Grass Station".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If marijuana ever becomes fully legal, drug sniffing dogs will have to be retrained to ignore the smell.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If marijuana ever does become legal, Ziploc is going to take quite a hit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If math is the universal language, then the imperial measurement system is a speech impediment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If men can "think with the wrong head" does that mean women "talk with the wrong lips" sometimes?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If men dressing up as women so they can ogle and harass women in the bathroom really was an actual problem, there'd be a whole genre of porn already dedicated to it as a fetish.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If men had the relatively easy option to get a penis implant the way women can get breast implants I bet there would be a ton of comically sized penises.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If men make more money than women, then financially it's a good idea to be gay.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If men wake up aroused with erections we call it morning wood, so if women wake up wet and aroused should we call it "morning dew?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If moments of your life really do flash before your eyes when you die, I hope mine are all my embarrassing moments so I'll be happy I'm dead.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If money grew on trees, Congress would actually care about the environment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If most murder victims know their killer does it mean every time we meet someone new it increases our chance of being murdered?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If mother earth is 4.5 billion years old, and it will probably only last around 7.9 billion years, couldnt that mean that global warming is just the earth going through menopause?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If my Father masturbated once more or once less in his entire life up until my conception, I would never have been born.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my boss handed me my hourly wage in cash every hour I'd probably appreciate my job a lot more
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my calculator had a history, it would be more embarrassing than my browser history.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If my cat licks its own ass, I doubt it gives a fuck what flavor of cat food I buy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my chopsticks are made in China, does this mean they are high or low quality?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my data is used to stream an advertisement I should get paid for it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my dog has a pill that keeps mosquitos, ticks and fleas away from her for a month, why don't humans have the same?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my dog left, no matter for now long, and I didn't know where he went, I would be as happy to see him when he got back as he is to see me when I come home.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my dog pees on a tree to mark his territory, does he think my family is having a turf war over our bathroom?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my dr said I have only 8 hours to live, I'd spend them at the Macy's makeup counter with my wife because I'd run out of things to idly look at after two minutes and the rest of the 8 hours would feel like a lifetime.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my dream girl exists, I'll never meet her because she prefers to chill at home
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my drinking interferes with my work, then I'm an alcoholic, right? So am I a workaholic because my work is getting in the way of my drinking?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my driver's license expires, shouldn't it still be valid to use as an ID? It's not like I all-of-the-sudden stopped being me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my future husband is as introverted as me, I'll never meet him.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my girlfriend and I break up, I will never see her dog again and he will have no idea why.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my job was to browse reddit I would probably spend less time on reddit at work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my last name was Pepper, I would feel inclined to complete a doctorates degree.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my name was Brad, then I would be 75% rad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my name was Norman Stein, I'd have a son and name him Frank N. Stein and strongly urge him to get a PHD. Thereby successfully completing the ultimate dad joke
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my nose was on upside down, I'd drown while taking this shower.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my parents had named me "Pepper", I'd have been much more enthusiastic about pursuing a PhD.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my wife would get dressed as fast as she used to when her parents came home early, we would never be late to dinner.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If my wish that my son becomes Batman ever comes true, I won't be around to see it happen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If nobody in the world was willing to join their respective country's military, nobody would need to.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If nobody remembers my birthday, why do they still say it's a bad password?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If nothing can ever be created or destroyed you are actually as old as the entire universe.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If nuclear weapons didn't exist, we'd probably still have one devastating war every generation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If nude pictures of a person with a twin get leaked, its almost as bad for the twin
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If nudism became the social norm, I bet you'd have to shave your pubes into fun fashionable shapes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If nudity were socially acceptable, pubic hair styling could be a legitimate profession
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If objects attract all other objects in the universe, then no matter how small the force, the turd I just dropped in the toilet is pulling Jennifer Lawrence closer to me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If oceanographers ever found a Kraken, they would put it in an aquarium. Then an animal activist group would start a mob outside with signs saying "Release the Kraken!"
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If one drop of semen contains more life than one drop of blood, then why don't vampires suck cock?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If one of the Muppets gives you a blowjob, are you getting a handjob as well?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If one of the toys from Toy Story died, the kids wouldn't know. The other toys would have to watch them play with corpses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If one person says a word wrong, it's a mispronunciation. If enough people do it, it's an accent.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If only mosquitos sucked fat instead of blood...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If opposites attract, I should be dating a gorgeous, billionaire supermodel that has a loving family.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If organized crime started printing high quality counterfeit college textbooks and then sold them at cut rate prices, it would be a really good public relations move.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If others hear your flatulence, it was so powerful that it caused bones in their heads to vibrate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If our ISP's cap data, ads should be considered theft.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If our ass was split horizontally, it would clap when we run down the stairs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If our buttcracks were horizontal they'd clap when we climbed stairs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If our pupils dilate when we're attracted to someone, is that why some people's smiles "light up the room?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If oxygen was to just suddenly disappear from earths atmosphere, sick patients on oxygen would wonder why everyone just died.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If people adopted last names like they did in the past, Jim CustomerServicer or Matt TeamLeader are just some examples of what aweful things we'd be called.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If people are going to start being fined for smoking in the car with kids, we should start fining mothers who smoke with kids in their stomach.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If people don't recognize Clark Kent as Superman because of his glasses, does his eye doctor know his true identity?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If people ever stop using the word 'baby' to refer to sexual/romantic partners, our era if music is going to be weird to listen to.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If people on a planet 65 million light years away look at earth, they see dinosaurs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If people on the show "Cribs" had the same amount of stuff but smaller houses, they would be on the show "Hoarders"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If people who hate minions subscribe to /r/MinionHate, it fills their front page with even more minions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If periods were a side-effect of a fertility drug, the FDA would never approve it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If phone companies stopped trying to make phones thinner we might get reasonable battery life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If pi really is non-repeating and unending, then every possible numeric sequence is in it. Converted to binary, every possible set of instructions is in it. All the data in the universe is in it. Therefore, everything is a piece of pi.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If pigs could fly I bet their wings would taste delicious.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If pigs could fly just imagine how good their wings would taste.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If pigs could fly, the price of bacon would skyrocket because they'd be harder to farm.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If pirates in media today are any indication, 300 years from now children's shows will have loveable, goofy jihadi terrorist characters.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If planet Earth is in fact the third planet from the Sun does that mean every country is a third-world country?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If porn is bad for boys because it does not accurately reflect women, then romcoms are bad for women because they do not accurately reflect men.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If praying would actually work, it'd be forbidden in all professional sports.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If princesses get their beauty rest, do men get a good-knight's sleep?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If prisons let prisoners take their own mugshots, would it be called cellfies?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If prostitutes charged by the minute, then I would be able to afford their services.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If rat poison kills more animals than just rats, maybe we just call it poison
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If reddit provided an option for users to give someone the opposite of gold (like a brown turd), people would probably be more likely to pay to let someone know just how terrible their comment or post is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If reincarnation is real, I wonder if I've ever read anything about my previous life without realizing it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If reincarnation is real, suicide would be a temporary solution to a permanent problem
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If s stripper is an exotic dancer, does that make a drug dealer an exotic pharmacist?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If sans means 'without,' then comic sans means it's not fucking funny
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If santa keeps track of "naughty" kids every "year", and the year doesn't start until January 1st, that leaves 6 days after Christmas and New Years left undocumented, so nothing you do can be held against you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If sea creatures are hurt, I wonder if the salt in their wounds burns so much...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If self-driving cars kick in fast enough, Women may never be able to drive in Saudi Arabia.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If service dogs knew that they wear signs that say "don't pet me" all day they'd get really upset.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If sex is called "xxx" and sleep is called "zzz", then why don't we call cuddling "yyy" because cuddling comes between sex and sleep and y comes between x and z (respectively)?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If sex is called Intercourse, shouldn't masturbation be called Intracourse?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If shadowbanned users could see other shadowbanned user's posts and comments, it would make for an interesting "underground" reddit community.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If shaving commercials want to impress me then they should shave a bison, not hairless legs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If she types faster on a touchscreen than a keyboard, she's probably too young for you
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If she wasn't famous, Oprah would just be one of those Facebook moms that fall for fake news stories, clickbait and trolls.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If sign spinners unionize and go on strike, it will be the most glorious picket line ever.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If sleeping is that important then why the fuck does school have to be so early?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If smartphones had been invented 50 years ago they'd probably have a cigarette lighter built in
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If somebody who is allergic to eggs has eggs thrown at their house, it's practically biological warfare.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone 50 years ago were told that there would one day only be eight planets, they would think something incredibly exciting happened.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone crashed in a self driving Google car, they would have to send a real crash report to Google.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone dies in their thirties, their teenage angst was a midlife crisis.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone ever grabs me by the lapels and frantically asks me what the date is, I will be sure to include the year in my answer.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If someone ever invents a penis enlargement pill they could never ever sell it online because no one would believe them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone farts at a poker tournament, no one will ever know who did it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone forgets to clear the time on the microwave, after 3 minutes it should automatically default back to displaying the time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone in the same house as you is being quiet during sex for your sake, that means that they are thinking of you during sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone is making you dig your own grave, just say no. They are gonna kill you anyway, why not make them do the work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone killed the 1st zombie, stopping a zombie apocalypse from happening, he\she would more then likely go to prison
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone knocks on my door to talk religion, I shoo them away. If someone wanted to talk about hypothetical space worlds, I'd probably invite them in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone on the internet leads their post with "English is not my native language.", you can be almost certain they're about to trot out the finest of the King's English.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If someone pisses you off and you want revenge, sign up for a free man thong catalog with their name and send it to their neighbor's address.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone says "I'm gay" over and over people would think "oh we know, shut up about it." But if a person says "I'm straight" over and over again people would think they're gay.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone says "You love to argue" There is NOTHING you can do about it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone says "pinch me, I must be dreaming". You shouldn't pinch them, because if they wake up you stop existing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone says they will "google" something in a show or a movie, they probably aren't getting payed for it. But if they say they will look something up on Bing, you can bet it's product placement.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If someone says they're gonna open up a can of whoop ass, that means someone out there is canning whoop ass...I'd be more afraid of that second guy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone says to you "say one more bad thing about my sister and you'll get beat up" and you reply "she's good in bed", should you get beat up?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone shouts "GET DOWN" or "PUT YOUR HANDS UP", you're about to have a great time, or a really bad one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone tells me they're dumb, I assume they're smarter than they think, but of someone tells me they're smart I assume they're dumber than they think.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone tells you that they are making 6 figures a year they either have a really great job or they're the worst worker in a toy factory.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone tells you that you're the pineapple to their pizza, you don't know if it's a really good or really bad thing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone told me to transport a $30,000 object that, if mishandled, could kill everyone around it, I would walk it so slowly and carefully to its destination. But I drive my car with one hand, while messing with the radio, going 70 mph.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone uses there, their, or they're incorrectly, I immediately assume I'm smarter than them based off of one mistake.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone was born tomorrow on 3/14/15 at 9:26:53... And lived for one hundred years they would have experienced a full circle in their life
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If someone was reading a book titled, "It's Called A Book," and someone asked them what they were reading, the response would make them seem like a total asshole.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone were to take the flesh-eating drug Krokodil and rage-inducing bath salts at the same time, they could become a very realistic-looking zombie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If someone would have told me 10 years ago that people in 2016 would be walking around with vaporizing pens I would have thought it would be something way more cool than what it really is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If something "goes downhill" it means it worsened, but if we say things are going to go "uphill" that means it's going to get harder. There's no winning when it comes to hills.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If something breaks easily, it's either really cheap or really expensive
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If something is "unfoldable", does that mean that you can't fold it, or that you can unfold it?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If something really "worked like a dream" it's instructions would be really odd and difficult to remember.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If spider-man lived in rural area, he would have to drive to get around
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If spiders traveled around the house like Spiderman travels around a city, we'd have to exterminate them. Can you imagine how fucking terrifying our homes would be with spiders swinging from wall to wall?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If steroids are banned for athletes, auto-tune should be banned for singers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If steroids are banned in bodybuilding competitions, makeup and plastic surgery should be banned in beauty pageants.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If suddenly /r/outoftheloop is made private, I won't ever figure out why.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If sunscreen was called Cancer Repellent more people would use it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If super heroes were real, I doubt they'd spend as much time in 1st World Countries, like they do in the comics.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If taking someones life made your penis half an inch shorter, and saving someones life made it half an inch longer, the world would be a much better place right now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If terrorists ever scare me as much as "being in the wrong neighborhood" in my own country, the USA, I'll let you know.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If that shitty charmander stays viral long enough, one day that guy will take off his shirt and someone will say "I can't believe you got a tattoo of that shitty charmander from the Internet"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the "Six Million Dollar Man" show were set in the present day, instead of a bionic man it would just be a guy that had two knee replacements.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the 'Fresh Prince' had made that shot, there'd be no show.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the 9/11 attacks had instead occurred on April 20th, nobody would ever say "4/20 blaze it"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Bachelor was Mormon, the show would only be 1 episode.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Chargers and Rams move into a stadium together, it should be sponsered by Dodge...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Civilization series reaches its 104th game, it would be called Civ CIV.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Curiosity rover has a Twitter account it should also have Reddit account where it can post mars-themed TILs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Disney movie "Inside Out" we're set in a young teen boy's head, it would have to be rated NC-17.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Fault in Our Stars movies failed because of bad acting, the fault would be in their stars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Mayans had ended their calendar in 2016 ,instead of 2012, it would have been a lot more believable.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Mayans had ended their calendar in 2016 ,instead of 2012, it would have been a lot more believeable.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Mayans had predicted 2016 as the final year instead of 2012, it would have been pretty convincing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Mayans had predicted December 2016 instead of 2012 as the end of the world, it would look pretty darn convincing at this point.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If the Mythbusters made a show with the guys from Jackass (testing the myths on them) it would be spectacular.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the NSA is recording everything that passes along the internet, couldn't record and film companies use their draconian copyright laws to sue them?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Nazis used government funds to install those "break glass in case of emergency" axes in their buildings, then that means they were using easy access axes Axis taxes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Pope sneezes, nobody is in a high enough position of power to bless him
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Presbyterian church now has gay marriage as a part of its religion, laws banning gay marriage now infringe on the religious freedom of Christians.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Queen in Snow White has magic powers and can turn herself into an old hag why doesn't she turn herself into someone more beautiful than Snow White?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the September 11th attacks were to have happened in July, 7-Eleven possibly would have gone out of business
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If the Tooth Fairy was real, they would just be an expert criminal with a really weird fetish.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the USA were a gritty drama on HBO or Netflix, we'd all be complaining about how unrealistic this latest season has been.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the Virgin Mary had a sister, the sister would be the Auntie Christ!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the ancient Egyptians used to worship cats and write on walls, then the internet made us the modern Egyptians
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the app store had a "try before you buy" feature, I'd probably buy a lot more apps
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the avengers were real, city contractors would be billionaires
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If the average penis size is 5.5 inches and there are about 3 billion men on Earth, then we have enough penis to get to the Moon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the big religions of the world started out today, they would just be passed off as cults and laughed at.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the blood of Christ is wine and the average alcohol content of wine is 13.5% then Jesus was 168.75 time over the legal limit to drive. Jesus don't take the wheel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the dead were to ever rise from their graves, they would all be really well dressed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the earth is the 3rd planet from the sun, aren't all countries technically 3rd world countries?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If the events of the Matrix took place in today's time, they'd be fucked trying to find a phone line for an exit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the first humans waited another day before having sex none of us would exist
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the girls who post on r/gonewild saw pictures of the guys who were commenting on their photos, they probably wouldn't feel the same level of validation anymore.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the gold rush had happened just 20 years later there would be a football team called the 69ers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the good die young, then why must we respect our elders?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the goverment is hiding the knowledge of aliens from us, they must be doing a much better job of it than they seem to do at anything else.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the government waged a war on potholes instead of pot then they would be making the country a safer place.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the guy that got beheaded at the start of Skyrim had just let the priest give him his last rites, there's a really good chance he would have lived.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the lowest American dollar bill is $1, and the lowest Canadian dollar bill is $5, do Canadian strippers make more money on average?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the movie "White Chicks" had instead been about two white men who had to be disguised as "Black Chicks" it would be considered incredibly racist.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If the movie "Yes Man" was instead "Yes Woman" it probably would have just been a porno.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the next president is white, the United States will have successfully gone black and then gone back.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If the nice ladies messaging me on porn websites know what town I'm in, I shouldn't have to tell accuweather my zip code every time I want to check the forecast
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the oldest person on earth is 116 years old, then 117 years ago, there was a completely different set of human beings on earth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the only certainties in life are death and taxes, the most secure job in the world is an accountant at a funeral home.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the pen is mightier than the sword, then the keyboard is mightier than the assault rifle
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If the phrase "You are what you eat" applies to the entire food chain then we are all just shit and sunlight.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the point of life is to have kids, and the point of your kids' lives is to have kids of their own, then life is just a pyramid scheme.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the police catch all these creepy clowns and arrest them, they'll only need one cruiser to put them in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the population of Earth were only 100 people and one guy tried to hoard 99% of the money. The other 99 people would simply just kill that guy and take their money back.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the queen of England reaches 100 years old she'll have to write a letter of congratulations to herself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the regulars at /r/relationships took over /r/MechanicAdvice, they'd tell everyone to junk their cars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the singular form of "mice" is "mouse", shouldn't the singular of "lice" be "louse"?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the team in Air Bud lost, the coach would have looked like an idiot for putting in a Golden Retriever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the television show "How It's Made" ever ends, the last episode should be "How 'How It's Made' Is Made."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the toys in Toy Story died the kids would keep playing with them like normal but the other toys would be playing with their dead friend.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the u in misusing is removed it goes missing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the whole Harambe situation has proven anything: We sure as hell aren't ready for Jurassic Park.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the wife on The Truman Show was a paid actor, does that mean the marital sex technically made her a prostitute?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the word "bomb" was pronounced like "womb" and "tomb" it would be almost onomatopoeic.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If the world just built an island exclusively to host the Olympics it would be safer, more cost effective, and totally bad ass.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the zombie apocalypse ever happens, some of the zombies would be wearing Walking Dead t-shirts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If the zoo tranquilized the gorilla and the little boy was killed, there would be an uproar about how society values the lives of animals over black kids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there are 1 billion people better than you at something, you're still in the top 15% for that thing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there are 7 billion people on Earth, that means that every second the collective human consciousness experiences 222 years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there are psychics, they're probably not wasting their talent working as psychics.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there ever was a nuclear war, I'd want the results to be less Fallout 4 and more Adventure Time
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there is a War on Christmas then Christmas is winning. It has taken over the territories of both October and November from opposing factions Halloween and Thanksgiving.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If there is a hell, I hope the asshole who invented those "manually type your resume information into these blank fields" is being tortured the hardest
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If there is an advanced alien civilization reading this that's hiding in order to prevent "cultural contamination", fuck you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there isn't an "upside down" in space, then space battles in movies are unrealistic when the ships are always upright when they confront each other.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there really are infinite universes with infinite possibilities, Batman is reading a comic book about me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there was a "female only" version of Reddit, the percentage of guys on it would be higher than normal Reddit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there was a bipartisan bill sponsoring medical marijuana for arthritis relief, it would be joint support for joint support for joint support
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there was a first person Daredevil video game it probably wouldn't sell very well.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there was an XP meter on my life, I'd be way more motivated to do things.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If there was an alien race whose morality is inverted (our good is their bad) and we ever make contact we'd try to be nice to them but they'll get pissed off and react to our behavior, but we will just think they're being nice too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there was an award for the most humble person on the planet, nobody would ever accept it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there was an equivalent to Reddit gold where you would pay $5 to ban someone from a subreddit for a month, it would sell way better than Reddit gold.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there were no sentient beings in the universe, would it really exist?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there were only two people left on Earth and they got into a fight, that would probably be considered a World War.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there were people who could read minds, they would hear an awful lot of songs, sung with incorrect words, and likely very out of tune or rhythm.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there's a Reddit in the afterlife, I bet the TIFU would be a good read.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there's a Reddit in the afterlife, there are probably a ton of submissions to /r/TIFU
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there's a mean dog or a wild horse in a movie, they have to train an animal to act untrained.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there's an afterlife I hope I can look up pointless things about me when I was alive like how many times I ate a certain food, my most used word, how many miles I've travelled etc.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there's ever a world class Chinese goalkeeper, he'll be called The Great Wall.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there's ever an X-men movie solely about Mystique, a mirror would make a great movie poster.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If there's one thing all nations agree on, it's having a flag.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If they are going to fine drivers who smoke with a kid in car, They should start booking pregnant women who smoke as well
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If they don't name that ship Boaty Mcboatface I will not believe in democracy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If they ever make Star Wars prequels that turn out to be terrible, I'm just going to forget that they ever happened.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If they have Ben Affleck playing Batman, they might as well have Matt Damon play Robin.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If they played the Pokemon Center music in hospitals it would be an overall better experience
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If they re-shot the new Ghostbusters trailer with all males, I would still hate it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If they started doing pub crawls of marijuana dispensaries, they should be called grasshoppers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If they'd made the Galaxy Note 7 with a removable battery, Samsung would still have a viable product on their hands instead of a total loss.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If time ran backwards, snowmen would slowly and painstakingly emerge only to be suddenly and violently obliterated by laughing children.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If today I asked a girl A/S/L and she responded with "?" I would immediately know she was too young for me
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If two mind readers read each other's mind, who's mind are they reading?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If two mind readers read each other's mind, whose mind are they reading?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If two naked gay men laid next to each other, and one of the men's fetish is an erect penis, and the other's a flaccid penis, and both were turned off by the opposite of their fetish, they would be in a neverending cycle of boners and boner-killers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If two people on opposite sides of the world each drop a piece of bread, the Earth briefly becomes a sandwich.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If two pregnant women get into a fist fight, it's like a mech battle between two fetuses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If two pregnant women get into a fistfight, it's like a mech battle between two babies
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If u step on people's feet,they will open their mouth,just like trash bins.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If usain bolt decided to go streaking at a major event, who would be able to stop him?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If vampires get AIDS from one of their victims, is that still considered an STD or is it food poisoning?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If watching porn gives men unrealistic expectations from relationships, then watching romantic comedies can do the same for women.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If watermelon exists, why can't firemelon, earthmelon and windmelon? ... The elemelons.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we all move to Voat, it should be renamed "Redidit".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we all stop paying for Internet, companies would give it to us for free because of the loss in profits. Amazon, E-bay, Facebook, Google
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we can't reach Google we assume our internet is down
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If we can't show female nipples, why don't we photoshop male nipples onto the female ones?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If we changed the rhetoric from "Save the Planet" to "Save Ourselves," some shit might actually get done. The planet will still be here in 5 million years. We, on the other hand, may not.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If we could get the Chinese to believe, that pulverized IS fighter testicles were an aphrodisiac, we could solve two problems at once.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we could smell over the Internet /r/wtf would be a much scarier place.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we discover that plants can actually feel what happens to them we are gonna owe a huge apology to grass.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we don't accept refugees because 2 out of 100 M&amp;M's are poisoned then why is it OK the have "a few bad apples" in a police department?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we don't allow steroids in athletic competitions, why do we allow makeup in beauty competitions?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we elect a president that has a PhD or MD we would call him Dr. President
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we ever colonize another planet how will we determine age?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If we ever come in contact with aliens I feel like we're just gonna eventually ask each other what the fuck is going on. Like being lost in a labyrinth and finding somebody just as lost.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we ever developed the technology to electronically send smells, the only thing anyone would ever use it for is tricking your friends into smelling your farts
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If we ever end up settling on a planet with low gravity, boobs will stay perkier much longer
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If we ever send the first 'Avengers' film up in a space probe we should categorise it as a 'documentary' so that if aliens ever find it, they would assume we have a team of bad-ass superheros guarding the Earth against alien invasions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we ever travel thousands of light years to a planet inhabited by intelligent life, let's just make patterns in their crops and leave..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we find aliens I hope that'd be the impetus to clean up the planet...just out of embarrassment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we find primitive alien life, the only way we should intervene is by building Pyramids
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we gave the special forces of each country paintball guns, we would have a pretty cool Olympic event on our hands.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we got "YOU ARE NOW MANUALLY BREATHING" to the front page, it would affect a lot of people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we had 53 states, a prime number, we really would be "one nation indivisible"...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we had a dollar for every speculative year that the universe has existed we still couldn't pay off the U.S. National Debt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we had no eyes then we would be unaware of the existence of color. What if we are are missing an entire aspect of everything simply because we do not have the organ to detect it?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we invent time travel, we could theoretically use it to preserve food. Your refrigerator would suspend food in time instead of keeping it cool.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we legalize marijuana and get self driving cars, the police won't have anything to do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we legalize marijuana around the world, we will enter the Dank Age.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we made everyone drive stick it'd probably put a huge dent on texting while driving.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we never had leap years, today would be July 11, 2017.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we pop bubble wrap made in China, the air that comes out is from China
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we put the tags for underwear on the outside, they would still remain unseen but would cure itchy butts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we truly are characters in a video game being played by an advanced civilization, the one controlling me is a noob.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we were eyeless we'd be unaware of colour. What if we're missing some part of reality because we don't have the organ to detect it?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we were really in the Matrix, the Machines would never have let the movie "The Matrix" be made.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we were to tally up how much educational software, textbooks and pdfs have been given out to students for free, PirateBay is probably one of the biggest 'scholarship' providers out there.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we woke up everyday as a different person and knew everything that they knew, we wouldn't know it happens.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If we're going to have private prisons, then the prison companies should be payed based on how well the prisoners do once they're let out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If weights were invisible, the gym would look like a terrible slow-motion rave.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If were ever on Naked and Afraid, I would try to pay the editors to use an extra huge blur censor between my legs.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If woman only got pregnant when they orgasm, teen pregnancy wouldn't be as much of a problem.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If women average 20,000 words a day, and men only 7,000, even if I only listen to half of what my wife says, I still listen to her more than she could ever possibly listen to me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If yawns are contaigous, it is possible my yawn has circled the world in a cycle of being passed on until it reaches me again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you Photoshop the basketball out of NBA action shot photographs, it just looks like a bunch of people in uniforms trying to high five but can't quite get it right.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you adopt a house pet that is blind, you should name it "Roomba".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you already donate to the ASPCA, there should be a way you can opt out of watching those depressing animal commercials again
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you are "God fearing" and believe God loves you... that sounds like an abusive relationship.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you are 19 or 23 you are both mathematically and physically in your prime.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you are bored you should start studying because you will immediately find something more amusing to do
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you are lonely, dim all lights and put on a horror-movie. After a while it won't feel like you are alone anymore.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If you are married to a law enforcement officer, you are fulfilling NWA's mission by fucking the police.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you are reading brail and come across "Do not touch" its already too late.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you are subpar at golf, you are good at golf.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you are to throw up sushi, it will be more cooked than when you ate it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you aren't at least a little ashamed of your country's history, you don't know your country's history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you ask a girl out on Feb 29, you can save like 75% on anniversary presents in the long run
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you attempt to rob a bank you won't have any trouble with rent/food bills for the next 10 years whether you are successful or not
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you beat someone to death, they've beaten you to death.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you believe in reincarnation then your tombstone should say "b.r.b" instead of "r.i.p".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you block me using an adblocker, I don't stop using the adblocker, I just leave your website.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you break a pencil, you have two pencils. If you break a pen, you have zero pens.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you break the laws of man, you go to jail. If you break the laws of god, you go to hell. If you break the laws of physics, you go to Sweden and get a nobel prize.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you break the laws of man,you go to jail.If you break the laws of God,you go to hell.If you break the laws of physics,you go to Sweden and get the nobel prize.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you buttfuck someone that immigrated to your country, you are anal probing an alien.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you buy DiGiorno pizza through Amazon Fresh, technically it is delivery.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you buy a new physical copy of a book you should be able to enter a code into a Nook or Kindle to be able to read it on those devices for free.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you can't afford a condom, then you really can't afford NOT to have a condom.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you cant find an American flag to face during the anthem, you could just face the Moon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you care for a chicken, you are literally a chicken tender
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If you carved a dick in a dead man's arm bone, it would be a humorous posthumous humerus wound.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you charge $300 for a textbook and I find a typo, you should cut me a check.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you choose to take an online IQ test, and the result is, "Your score has been generated and can be accessed for only $19.99", your IQ probably isn't exceptionally high.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you correct someone's grammar, you understood them clearly enough that you didn't need to correct them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you could actually talk to animals, all you would hear is constant screaming about danger, threats, or demands for sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you could literally be bored to death, I bet the world would be a lot more interesting
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you crush a cockroach, you're a hero. If you crush a beautiful butterfly, you're a villain. Morals have aesthetic criteria.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you cut Wolverine in half straight down the middle, and kept them separate, would each half grow back, making two Wolverines?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you cut too many corners you'll land up going around in circles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you did something "like a boss", then you probably just paid someone to do it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you did something "like a boss," you'd probably just pay someone else to do it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you didn't know what a chicken was and ordered chicken fingers, you'd think they are huge.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you didn't know what it was, wind would be really terrifying.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you die a virgin, you would be the first person in your entire ancestry, since the beginning of life itself, who did.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you die a virgin, you're the first person in your direct ancestral lineage to die a virgin.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If you die during an orgasm, you're coming and going at the same time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you die in the same hospital you were born in, your total displacement will be 0.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you die in your bedroom, you've passed through its door an odd number of times; if you die outside of your bedroom, you've passed through that door an even number of times.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you died while driving a Tesla on auto pilot it would drive your dead body around for all to see
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you dig into Mars' soil, are you unearthing something or unmarsing something?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you do stuff with your parents you are basically the third wheel on a date
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you don't choose to have a kid, you are at the end of a 4 billion year old chemical process that finally just said "screw it"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you don't pay your exorcist do you get repossessed?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you don't reproduce, you are breaking a 4 billion year old family tradition.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you don't sin Jesus died for nothing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you don't sin then Jesus died for nothing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you don't speak English, "edited it" sounds ridiculous.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you draw -2 -2 + = on your clothes or some paper or whatever with your finger it sounds like Chim Chiminey.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you dye your hair red, then you are trans-gingered.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you end up living to be 100, then your age right now is like a percentage of how much of your life you've lived.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you enjoy having sex with transient homeless people, you're a hobosexual.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you ever drop food on yourself when going out for dinner, you can easily play it off by saying "looks like dinner's on me tonight"
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If you ever feel lonely, just know that there are people that comment on porn videos.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you ever feel lonely, watch a horror movie. After a while, you won't feel like you're alone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you ever feel unattractive, remember you look like your ancestors and all of them got laid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you ever get a pig, you should name it Benis. That way you can tell people "This is my pig Benis".
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If you ever go to prison, don't say you have AIDS to avoid being raped, because that means your ass is open season to people with actual AIDS who will want to rape you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you ever have to find an actual needle in an actual haystack, you could just burn the haystack.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you ever hear someone talking about Fight Club, you can accurately say, "That guy doesn't know the first thing about Fight Club."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you ever met someone that had the same voice as you, you'd be the only two people not to realise.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you exhale slowly for as long as you can, you will have exhaled at the same time as almost every single person in the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you fail at suicide, you succeed at life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you filled a Humidifier with Holy Water, you could have a portable exorcism machine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you forget to add the second " to a quote, you're citing for the rest of your life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you get fired from the unemployment office you just have to go back the next day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you get sexted by someone you don't want to sext with, did you just get molexted?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you get straight to the point, you are described as blunt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you get your tongue stuck in a mouse trap you will pronounce it mouth trap for a short period of time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you go North long enough you'll be going South, but if you go West long enough you'll still be going West.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you go into a fake time machine, you still come out in the future.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you go to WebMD more than once in a week it should add hypochondria to the diagnosis
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you go to jail for tax evasion, you're living off of taxes as a result of not paying taxes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you got a million dollars every day of your life and you lived to be 150, you still wouldn't have anywhere near as much money as Bill Gates has.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you got fired from your job at the unemployment office, you'd still have to go to work the next day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you got your tongue stuck in a mouse trap, you'd start pronouncing it 'mouth trap', and that's exactly what it is
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you got your tongue stuck in a mouse trap, you'd start pronouncing it mouth trap, and that is also what it would be, and that is pleasing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you grab any rock and split it in half, the inside you now have revealed has probably not seen daylight in millions if not billions of years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you had $1 for every year the universe has existed (approximately 13.8 billion years). You wouldn't even make the top 50 on the Forbes list.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you had $999,999,999, you'd be the world's richest millionaire, but if you had one more dollar, you'd be the world's poorest billionaire.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you had a kid named Marco, the worst place to lose him would be at a swimming pool.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you had never heard of the boogie man before you might think he's a pretty cool guy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you had to donate $5 in order to change your profile picture, my news feed would probably be a lot less french
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you have 1 threesome, your average partner per session will always be more than 1.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you have a 3d printer, you could torrent Lego sets.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you have a fatal heart attack in your self-driving car, would the car just continue on to it's destination? Would dead people just start showing up at weddings/parties/work etc.?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you have an older sibling that is the same gender as you, your parents like their name better than yours.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you have an unattractive physical feature, don't get too bummed out about it because somebody else in your lineage probably had it to, and they obviously got laid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you have sex with 20 people who all weigh 50kgs or more each, you have actually slept with "a ton of people".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you have to convert others to your religion in order to go to heaven, it is a pyramid scheme.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you have x-ray vision, and you can see through anything, wouldn't you see through everything and actually see nothing?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you have your mom saved in your phone as "mom", you can pull her up on the dialpad by pressing "666"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you hear a sniper's gunshot, you're not the target.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you illegally download a movie in Jamaica, does that make you a Pirate of the Caribbean?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you judge it by number of people involved, Santa Claus being fake is probably the largest cover up in history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you keep asking "why" about something, you'll eventually arrive at quantum mechanics
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you kill a killer, the number of killers in the world remains the same.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you know sign language, binoculars can give you super hearing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you lie on the ground on your back, it's like the world is your backpack and you're carrying it through space.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you line up all your ex lovers in a row you can see the flow chart of your mental illness.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you live in a house with a mail slot, you live in a mail box.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you live past 112, you get to be a teenager again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you lived at 123 Fake St, no one would ever believe you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you log more than two hours a day on reddit, you should not be allowed to post to r/getmotivated
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you look at a clock, you literally see your life tick away by the second.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you lose a leg you will then have twice as many socks as before.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you lower your standards enough, there are literally thousands if not millions of people who are attracted to you and would marry you in a second.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you made French toast out of a hot dog bun, you could lay a banana inside and eat it like a breakfast hot dog
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you make a killing you make a lot of money. If you make a living you make enough to get by.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you make a statue of Baby Jesus, everyone thinks it's fine. If you make a statue of Jesus on the cross that's fine too. But if I make a statue of baby Jesus nailed to a cross all the neighbors start to complain
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you make something easier for yourself they call you lazy. If you make something easier for everyone else they call you a genius.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you marry someone from a criminal family, your in-laws are outlaws.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you marry someone who is the opposite of you politically, neither of you will ever have to vote because the votes would cancel each other out
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you move your sight from the book you are reading, the story automatically pauses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you named your alcohol "Responsibly," then your competitors would do all of your advertising for you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you open Schrödingers box, and the Cat is dead, your Curiosity literally killed the Cat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you order DiGiorno Pizza on Amazon, it IS delivery.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you organise and operate a marathon you can say you've run a marathon without having run one
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you own a samurai sword you are either a highly skilled assassin or a huge nerd.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you own zero dollars you are more rich than 80% of The USA.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If you park next to someone parked like an asshole and they leave, you're the new asshole
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you pay entry fee to a marathon, they literally give you a run for your money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you pay for something entirely with pocket change, it kinda feels like it was free.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you peed in zero gravity, the stream would go in a perfectly straight line, allowing you to target fellow astronauts from a considerable distance.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you pet your pet rock enough, it'll erode and you'll be alone again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you placed a map of the US flat on the ground anywhere in the US, one spot on the map would be directly over the location it represents
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you pretend FOX news is a satire, it's like having colbert back..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you push 99 on the microwave, it runs for 99 seconds, but if you push 100, it only runs for 60.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you put a hat on the ground it is like the earth is wearing a tiny hat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you put a hat on the ground, its like the earth is wearing a really tiny hat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you put the word anal in front of most Ford vehicle names, it's hilarious.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you re-watch Tom and Jerry as an adult, all you see is a cat trying to live his life and be good for his human whilst a violent and possibly psychotic mouse destroys the house, and physically harms Tom on a very regular basis.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If you read "FTFY" as 'fuck that fuck you' rather than 'fixed that for you', it's hilarious.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you really want to get to know someone on a 1st date, just ask about their first pet or favorite teacher. Then read all their emails.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you really want to know how people think of you, start a game of charades and enthusiastically point to yourself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you replace the "W" in "Where", "When", and "What" with a "T", you will answer those questions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you replace the "W"in Where, What and When with a "T" you answer the question.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you replaced the gum in most gum commercials with a tab of acid, the commercial would still make sense.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you repost a TIL the same day it was posted, you're really just telling the truth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you rip a hole in a fish net, there are fewer holes in it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you rip a hole in a net, there are now less holes in that net.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you rip a hole in a net, there's actually fewer holes in it than it was before
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you rotate "up" by 180 degrees, it becomes "dn". (up/dn)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you saw the world's first zombie in your front yard and killed it to save humanity, it would just look like you murdered somebody.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If you say "God is great" in English nobody will bat an eye, but as soon as you say it in Arabic everybody loses their shit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you say grace before you eat leftovers, I bet God is like, "Dude, I JUST blessed this chicken not even 24 hours ago, give it a rest."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you say you are in the top five, you are either fourth of fifth, otherwise you'd be in the top three.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you see a UFO, and then you figure out what it is, it's an FO. And if you see it land, it's just an O.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you see a male praying mantis, he is a virgin...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you send out 7000000 text messages from an anonymous source with a unique lottery number and "FROM YOUR FUTURE SELF", after the draw you will have the phone number of one rich person who thinks they get messages from the future.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you show up to the office with a new suit and suitcase, you look like a professional. If you show up to a construction site in new clothes and tools, you look like the inexperienced newbie
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you showed a medieval person a special effect they'd assume it was magic. If you showed a modern person magic, they'd assume it was a special effect.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you skydive and your parachute doesn't open, you have the rest of your life to open it.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If you slap Dwayne Johnson's ass, could you say you've hit rock bottom?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you sleep in the same bed every day, your daily displacement is approximately zero
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you sleep through an earthquake, aren't you technically shaken, not stirred?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you smoke weed before an eating contest, are you technically on performance enhancing drugs?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you spell "Strap-on" backwards, it spells "No Parts"
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If you spell 'boobytrap' backwards, it spells 'partyboob'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you spell 'socks' out loud, you are saying 'that's what it is' in Spanish. (Eso si que es)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you start screaming on a cruise ship, everyone will think you're crazy.. But if you start screaming on an airplane, everyone joins in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you started a cover band called "A Book" no one could judge you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you stay up all night and sleep all day, maybe you were meant to live on the other side of the planet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you steal a pen from a bank you just robbed a bank.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you step on a person's foot they open their mouth, just like a trashcan
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you step on people's feet, they will open their mouth, just like trash bins.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If you stumble over your cat in the dark and accidentally step on his paw, he probably thinks you're a dick, because he can see, and doesn't know that you can't.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you swap the spinach for beer, then any episode of Popeye becomes a bitter story of a raging alcoholic, right down to the speech impediment and tendency to fight people who he believes are trying to steal "his girl"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you taught a parrot to only say the word "parrot" then it would be like owning a Pokémon.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If you tell someone "I'm hung over." via walkie talky it just sounds like you are bragging about your dick.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you think about it, "Y" is just an enthusiastic "T".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you think about it, a plastic sword is a sword forged by the rotten flesh of ancient beasts
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you think about it, it makes no sense that adult movie tickets cost more than children tickets; kids are loud and cause a lot of disruptions. It should cost more for a child to attend a movie theater.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you think about it, kidney stones are like human pearls
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you think the delay for the next Game of Thrones book is bad, I've been waiting 17 years for Mambo # 6
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you threaten to throw batteries at someone, it's assault. If you hit someone with a salt shaker, it's battery.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you throw ice down a street and watch it skip against the pavement you're essentially skipping stones on water but exactly the opposite.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you time-travelled to the future, you'd probably die of one of the future contagions that you have no immunity to.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you told me in 2005 that in ten years, the NSA would monitoring all electronic communications, the police would be militarized and have "black sites," and companies would be spying on you in your own home, I'd have made you a tin foil hat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you took an IQ test online and it told you that you had a high IQ and you believed it, then you probably don't have a high IQ.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you treat sick animals, you may be considered a veterinarian. If you fought for Germany in WWII, you may be considered a veteran Aryan.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you tried to forget something, and were successful, you'd never know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you try to pronounce "lmao" you sound like a french cat
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you view a bald eagle at the zoo, you are looking at the American symbol of freedom in captivity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you wake up in the morning it is called "morning wood". If you wake up at night it should be called a "night stick"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you want to be remembered after you die, borrow money from everyone you know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you want to truly crash the Internet, have the director of the NSA do an AMA.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you wanted to be incognito by choosing the most common first and last name in the world, you'd really stand out, Mohamed Wang.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you wanted to find the ß symbol, searching Google for "german ss" won't get you what you want.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you wash the dirt from a fallen ice cube, you are washing your water with water in hope that there's only water on the water you will add to your water
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you watch Weezer's "Buddy Holly" video, you are experiencing 1990s nostalgia about 1970s nostalgia about 1950s nostalgia.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If you watch porn on the International Space Station will there still be women who want anonymous sex just a few miles away?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you watch sitcoms without the laugh tracks, the characters just give each other cringed looks and awkward silences for those jokes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you wear an invisibility cloak inside out, does the universe around you disappear?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you weighed 99 pounds and you ate 1 pound of bacon, you'd be 1% bacon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you went back in time and killed Hitler as a baby you would be known as the time traveler who went back in time to kill a baby.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you went back in time and met yourself, both versions of yourself would see each other as the "old" you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you went to college to learn how to make dog food and your dog ate your homework, you'd get an A.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were 6 inches tall, you wouldn't have any financial problems whatsoever. (hear me out)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were a god with low self-esteem, you'd be an atheist, because you don't believe in yourself.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If you were an 18-year-old girl who flashed your boobs in the first Girls Gone Wild video, you would be 34 years old today
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were born 1 year earlier/later, you would have had a completely different set of friends at school and as a result would probably have become a very different person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were illiterate, alphabet soup would just be noodles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were in zero gravity having sex, you wouldn't know whether you were doing doggystyle or reverse cowgirl
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were invisible would you be able to see through your eyelids?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were learing English by watching cop shows, you might think that "Freeze" means "Run"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were on the moon during a lunar eclipse and you looked back at the Earth, you would see it surrounded by the red ring of the sun behind it. You'd be looking at every sunset and every sunrise on Earth at the same time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were pushed through a hallway toward your death with no way to stop and no way to turn back, you'd be pretty terrified. Yet this is how we experience time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were really serious about punishing stores that open on Thanksgiving, you'd buy a bunch of stuff the prior week, then return it all on Thanksgiving, giving them negative revenue for being open that day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were to continuously put tooth picks into a car, there would be a maximum number of toothpicks that could fit. But it's hard to imagine a car full of toothpicks where you couldn't easily put another one in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were to learn the English language by watching TV cop shows, you might think that "Freeze!" means "Run!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were to miss school because of Hypothermia, You would literally be too cool for school.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were to rob a Men's Warehouse with a utility knife, it would be a razor blade blazer raid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were to walk around the earth, your head would travel a significant distance farther than your feet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you were to walk clockwise around the north pole, 11 miles out, you'd be stationary and using the earth as a treadmill.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you win a one year's supply of calendars, you just get one calendar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you wore a green suit, you could beat up a weather channel anchor and nobody would know whats going on
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you work a job that relies on tips, your employer is basically crowd funding your wage.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you work in a morgue you still have to come in to work after you die
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you worship cows, you probably don't eat cows. But if you worship Jesus, you probably eat Jesus.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you would have told me in 1991 Mike Tyson was not bad compared to OJ and Bill Cosby I would have not believed you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you would mount garbage trucks with camera's you could weekly update google maps street view.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you yell out "God is great!" at an airport, the outcome can be very different depending on what language you use.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're 1 in a million, then there's 7,125 people exactly like you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're 24 years old, you've already been around for 10% of American history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're a generous person that expects nothing in return for your deeds, you are literally good for nothing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're a member of the royal family, are all your farts noble gases?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're accused of being argumentative and defensive, it's impossible to debate it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're an interracial couple that's into S&amp;M, I bet it's really hard to avoid painful historical allegories.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're an older twin, you can call your sibling every day and say "Back when I was your age" and tell then something you did 10 minutes ago
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're attractive with a smile, you're cute. If you're attractive without a smile, you're hot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're deaf, every fart is a gamble
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're driving a Tesla and it get stolen, is it now an "Edison"?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're ever feeling bad about yourself, just remember that someone somewhere is paying $9.99 a month for Tinder Plus.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're ever in a burning building, take the elevator. The fire will not be expecting that.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're ever in a zombie apocalypse, it's better to be in a building with all "pull", not "push" doors.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If you're ever insecure about your body, just remember: pornhub wouldn't keep its BBW category if it wasn't making them money
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're going to kill yourself, hire a hit man to do it. It will be exciting to get chased for awhile.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're gonna commit suicide, you might aswell run into area 51
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're good at golf, I just assume you've had a very privileged life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're hotter than me, am I cooler than you?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're inbred and a person, you're shamed by society. If your inbred and a dog they give you ribbons and trophies and your inbred children sell for thousands
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're no longer covered by your parent's health insurance, your manufacturer's warranty is over
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're not sick right now, take a minute to be grateful for being able to breath unobstructed, move ache free, or be more than 20 feet from a toilet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're on a really high floor in an office building and you see a spider, chances are it's hatched from a second or third generation of spiders that has never been outdoors.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're one in a million, then there are 7000 people just like you
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're only defense for an argument is, "I have a right to my opinion," you're probably wrong.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're over 30, you were alive before every dog in the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're polite on the internet, you must be a really nice person in real life.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If you're pregnant with a boy, you are a woman who's growing a penis.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're pregnant with a boy, you're growing a pair of balls
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're reading a book in public you're sophisticated, if you're reading the newspaper it's still socially acceptable, but if you're reading an article on your phone you're just another person glued to your phone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're ugly, fat and not a talkative person, people will think you're odd. If you're good looking, fit and not a talkative person, people will find you mysterious.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you've had sex with less then 12 people, then having sex with you is a more exclusive club then walking on the moon
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you've never rewound a cassette tape with your finger, you have no right to complain about buffering.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your IQ is low, people will look down on you. If your IQ is REALLY low, you get special treatment and people go out of their way to do nice things for you
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your Tesla car gets soaked by a flood, you should park it in a bag of rice overnight.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your asscrack was horizontal, it would make a clapping noise whenever you went up/down stairs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your bully gets a job at a fast-food restaurant, they are still taking your lunch money
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your child ends up murdering you, that means you gave birth to your own death
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your child is bullied for being fat, up to a certain age those children are mocking your child for your parenting decisions
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your front door has a mail slot, then you live in a mailbox.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your gf has a friend that annoys you, don't tell your gf to stop being friends with her. Just casually mention how pretty you think she is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your house burns down, there is probably a point where some food is perfectly cooked before it's over.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your job was to browse Reddit, what would you end up doing to procrastinate at work? Make Excel spreadsheets?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	If your name is Dick, everything you do is a dick move.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your neighbor has wind chimes, you have wind chimes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your parachute doesn't deploy, you have the rest of your life to fix it.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	If your penis is longer than, say, 3.15 inches, then at some point in your life, your penis was exactly pi inches long
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your pocket was jingling with coins 200 years ago you were likely a rich man, now if you have change filled pockets you are likely a poor man.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your rapping career ever falls through, you can always be the guy on medicine commercials who lists the side effects
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your replace the "w" in "when" "what" and "where" with a "t" you answer the questions
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your shirt isn't tucked into your pants, then your pants are tucked into your shirt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If your wife has a friend that annoys you, don't tell your wife to stop being friends with her. Just casually mention how pretty she is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If you're rich and you pay no taxes, you're a genius. If you're poor and you pay no taxes, you're a moocher.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	If zombies do not attack each other then zombies would be more peaceful towards each other then what humans are towards other humans so maybe zombies are not that bad after all...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ignorance is only bliss when it's mine. When it's somebody else's, then it's torture.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ikea furniture should come with a QR code that links to a video on how to assemble the furniture
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Im disappointed Head and Shoulders didn't release a product called Knees and Toes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Imagine a white guy born and raised in China and given few opportunities to learn English. If he moved to the U.S. and tried to communicate with people, they would bash him for being an unfunny racist, to no fault of his own.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Imagine being completely naked in a room full of people who speak a different language and everyone wants to touch you. This is the life of a dog.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Imagine being deaf and finding out that farts make noise
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Imagine how creepy it would be if babies could cry from inside the womb
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Imagine how many alarm clocks go off at the same time every morning
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Imagine how much more slutty girl's costumes would be if Halloween was in a warmer month like July...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Imagine how terrifying horses would be if they were carnivorous.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Imagine if "ping pong" was "pong ping"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Imagine if aliens actually visited earth, but during the jurrasic era, saw a t-rex and just noped their way out of here.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Imagine if everybody knew sign language. Having a second universal language that didn't require noise would revolutionize society and how efficiently we communicated with each other.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Imagine if humans reproduced like plants. The man would be out in the open, naked, then bees would come and jack him off and carry his sperm to the woman.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Imagine if people put as much emphasis, desirability and effort into mental health as they did physical health. Gym selfies would look like "just worked through some baggage with my therapist! #mentalgains #brainspiration"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Imagine if playing tag was a globaly watched multi-million dollar game like football with professionals and everything.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Imagine the kids at the same orphanage as Stuart Little. A mouse was chosen over them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Imitating a gun to your own head with your fingers means suicide, yet imitating a knife to your own neck is intimidation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 'How I Met Your Mother,' Ted represents how most guys see themselves. Barney represents what most guys think they would most enjoy being like. But secretly, Marshall represents the type of life most guys would be happiest living.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 10 years hipsters will stop vaping and switch back to cigarettes because it's retro and ironic
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 100 years from now people will be able to go to Google Maps street view, enter any year after 2007, and truly be able see what the world looked like back then.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 100 years google maps will have a street view feature called "retro" that will show what towns looked like in 2015
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 100 years my descendants could very well be reading all my online posts and profiles while researching me - strange feeling
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 100 years, Facebook will have profiles for an entire generation of dead people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 12 years or so... If reddit is still a thing, the kid that fell into Harambe's enclosure might do an AMA
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 150 years Facebook will be the world's largest online memorial page.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 16 years when my daughter is 18, each GoneWild link will momentarily terrify me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 1916, the average person owned a horse and was considered "rich" if they owned a car. In 2016, it's the other way around.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 1968, civil unrest fueled the media. In 2016, the media fuels the civil unrest.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 1990, if you owned a car from 1970, it would be a classic, and be considered cool. In 2015, if you own a car from 1995, there is nothing cool about that.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 2015 my car is probably safer from thieves by being a stick-shift rather than having a car alarm.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 2015, Back to the Future 2 will have to change its genre from a future film to an alternate history film.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 2016 it takes 28 minutes for me to hear about and be semi clear on details of military uprising half way around the world.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In 2019, 30 years after its first release, Billy Joel should re-release "We Didn't Start the Fire" with another verse filled with all the shit that's happened since.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 2020 it's going to be 420 for a whole month
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 21st century, deleting history is more important than making it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 30 years, "automatic" and "manual" in a car will refer to whether or not it's a self-driving car.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 30 years, a song that hasn't been written yet will come on and make me nostalgic about something that hasn't happened yet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 35 years nursing homes will have some really awesome LAN parties.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 40 years we will think of words like "swag" "cray" and "totes" like we do now with "golly" "darn tootin" and "gee whiz."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 40 years when they remake the Harry Potter movies Daniel Radcliffe will probably play a minor character and children won't believe you when you say that he was Harry Potter once.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 40 years, there will be a teenage girl lying on her bed wearing vintage Ugg Boots, Listening to Katy perry or Justin Bieber saying she was born in the wrong generation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 5 years, we'll be closer to 2070 than we are to 1970.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 50 years kids will have the stupidest usernames as nothing will be available.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 50 years, 'Old lady' names will be things like Tiffany, Brittany, and Nikki.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 50 years, retirement homes will host LAN parties instead of bingo nights
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In 500 years, people will think of me as being as technologically ancient and generally ignorant as I think of people in the 1500s, and that pisses me off.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 6 or 7 years people are going to have to stop referring to the 1920's as simply "the twenties"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 7 years, when referring to the 'twenties,' we will have to specify the 1920s.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 80 years or so, the this place will be a hub for the thoughts of the dead.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 9 months, I bet that we'll see a spike in the German birth rate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In 99% of cases I will actually go out of my way to avoid a particular company/product if I'm continuously bombarded with their ads on social media.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Adam Sandler movies, the wife always has to be a total babe so decent looking children make sense.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In Canada they eliminated the use of pennies. When the price ends in 3 or 4 cents they round up to 5 cents and when it is 1 or 2 cents they round down. Therefore my 2 cents on a subject isn't worth shit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Canada we don't have "Independence Day" because we asked the queens permission to become a country.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Disney movies, a duet is the equivalent to a sex scene
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In England you can join the army at 16 but have to be 18 to buy Call Of Duty
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In England, if you don't pay for your TV licence, you can be sent to prison. Where you can watch all the TV you want, without needing a licence.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In FBI shows, cops are incompetent unskilled simpletons who just get in the way. In Cop shows, the FBI are bureaucratic incompetent simpletons who just get in the way.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Fight Club Brad Pitt's character makes fun of the fact that airplanes have seat belts. 14 years later his character in World War Z is saved by a seat belt in a plane crash
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In GTA I only get shot if I'm wielding a gun or a crime has actually been committed. Proving that video games are only slightly less violent than the reality they are based on.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In GTA, everyone drives with their doors unlocked despite high crime rates
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Game of Thrones, the Night's Watch should really consider wearing white cloaks instead of black ones in order to blend with the snow and not be spotted.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In HIMYM, all Ted's girlfriend are hot because he's the one telling the story.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Harry Potter's world, people would use polyjuice potion to satisfy all kinds of sexual fantasies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In I Am Legend, a man manages to survive three years with a dog as his sole companion but dies after merely 24 hours with a woman
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Japan, radiation creates monsters (Godzilla) and in America radiation creates superheroes
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	In Kanye West song "Hell of a life", he says he think he fell in love with a porn star. Technically he did.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Monsters Inc, Boo could have been speaking perfect English, but we hear it as gibberish because we're hearing it from the monsters perspective who speak a different language
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Orwell's 1984, they had a nationally enforced daily exercise plan, and guaranteed employment. We don't even have that.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Phantom Menace, there were more than a hundred Jedi and only 2 Sith. If Anakin is meant to bring balance to the force, the Jedi council must have known what the only logical outcome of training Anakin will have been.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Poland, every dancer is a pole-dancer
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Scotland, we pay more for plastic bags for shopping than we do for university tuition
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Skyrim, Khajiit should have reduced fall damage, since cats always land on their feet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Space Jam, Marvin the Martian is the referee precisely because he's both a Looney Tune and a Space Alien.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Spiderman(2002), Peter didn't kill the spider that bites him, so the spider could've bit anyone else and there will be more than one spiderman.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In Spongebob Squarepants, barnacles is used like a curse word. That means Barnacle Boy is like Fuck Boy or something.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Star Wars, a World War is just a minor conflict that is not of any real significance.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In Star Wars, if Luke turned off his targeting computer and then missed the Death Star's exhaust port he would have looked like the biggest jackass ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Star Wars, most of the emergencies are dealt with by R2-D2 having sex with a wall.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Star Wars: A New Hope, when the rebels are describing the size of the target area they specifically say "two METERS wide" to avoid using the Imperial system
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Stuart Little, the Little family walked into an orphanage, looked at ever child there, and decided on a rodent.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Superman's day, people got really excited about seeing birds and planes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In The Incredibles, Elasti-Girl probably had no trouble during childbirth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Toystory, at what stage during manufacture do the toys become alive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In Tropic Thunder, when Robert Downey Jr. is impersonating a Chinese farmer, he is an American actor playing an Australian actor who is acting as an American black man impersonating a Chinese farmer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a 2 hour episode of "The Voice," there is only about 10 minutes of actual singing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a 500-day period I could theoretically meet someone, get married, have a baby, and get divorced--and yet I'd still be using the same box of Q-tips.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a Rick Astley concert, if he didn't sing "never gonna give you up", it would be a reverse rickroll.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a couple thousand years archeologists will dig up tanning beds and think we fried people as punishment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a decade or two Google Maps could have a "time travel" option where you can see street views from the past.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a few generations, kids will be frustratedly trying to remember today's date for a U.S. history test.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a few hours, 120,000,000 people will get drunk while watching men play with each other.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a few years, French Uber drivers will be throwing rocks at self-driving cars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a figurative context, the adjectives "blunt" and "to the point" have similar meanings, but in a literal context, they are exact opposites.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a game of golf, the goal is to play as little golf as possible.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a game of tag between a very good sprinter and a very good distance runner, the chaser will always catch the other one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a movie, when the sexy protagonist has sex he takes off his shirt but when the creepy antagonist has sex they show him unzip his pants.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a single lifetime, George Takei has gone from being sent to an internment camp for being Japanese, to being able to marry his gay lover
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a submarine battle you can be under fire, underwater, on fire, and taking on water all at the same time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a way, Charlie Sheen has gone viral.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In a way, after Darth Vader cut off Luke's hand, he followed it up with "I fucked your mom."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In a world full of "devices" &amp; heads down, Ferris Bueller's quote "Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it" seems more pertinent every day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In about 15 years, karaoke bars will be overrun with groups of drunk girls singing "Let it Go."
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	In about 50 years, Zero-G will be an online porn category.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In about 50 years, it'll be impressive when I tell my grandchildren that I'm older than YouTube
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In addition to best seller lists, Amazon should also have "most returned" lists
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In all my life I have probably seen over ten thousand squirrels wandering around. Never once have I seen one pooping.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In all science fiction, humans are the one race whose goal is to get along with every other race. In non-fiction, humans can't even get along with themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In all seven books, Harry Potter only bathes once
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In an ideal world we would never hear the words "in an ideal world"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In an uphill race, the first runner up is actually the winner.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In ancient times, a bag of Trail Mix would be a luxury unlike any other. They'd have to import chocolate from Central America, cashews from India, almonds from Africa, peanuts from South America, and raisins from North America.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In another ten years "My car is manual" will mean it has a steering wheel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In baseball sex analogies, a "walk" should be settling for a man on man hookup. Because you got on base but can't really brag about it, and there are four balls.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In cartoons, especially Tom and Jerry, the mouse live in a hole in the wall. I've never seen this kind of hole in real life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In chess, the Queen is the hero and the King is the damsel in distress.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In culinary school, your dog eating your homework is a pretty legitimate concern.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In eleven days, 2030 will be as far away as 2000
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In exactly one month, so many people are going to learn that Steve Buscemi was a firefighter and helped out on 9/11.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In high school, I fantasized about freezing time to touch girls' boobs. That means I had more faith in me being able to stop time than being able to make a girl like me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In high school, I was jealous of the girls who only dated college guys. Then I got into college and saw the guys who only dated high school girls.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In high school, girls dating college guys were cool. In college, guys dating girls in high school are losers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In highschool I wondered how long people would date until sex. In college I wonder how long people have sex until they date...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In highschool, eating lunch alone is considered lame and can result in bullying. In a busy office, eating lunch alone and undisturbed is considered a luxury.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In just a little over 4 years, "30 years ago" will mean the 90s.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In less than 24 hours, literally 99% of people will go back to not giving a shit about Iowa. Their population is .97% of the US'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In less than 72 hours, Niantic has turned all of our sophisticated smartphones back into Gameboy Colors.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In less than a week, people will go from bitching about the "upgrade to windows 10 for free" popups, to bitching about Windows 10 not being free anymore.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In light of the Sony hackings, South Park should make an episode where they just kill Kim Jong-un over and over again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In limbo, if you set the bar low, you are really setting the bar high.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In modern society, the best way to not leave a paper trail, is by actually writing something down on paper.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In most episodes of scooby doo, the bad guy hasn't actually comitted any crime, he's just scared people away from X place so he can dig for treasure.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In movie, Wizard of Oz, the Tin Man and Scarecrow could've just killed the Lion and taken his heart and brain.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In movies nobody ever has the bottom locker.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In movies where Santa exists and the parents don't believe in him, WHERE THE FUCK DID THEY THINK THE PRESENTS WERE COMING FROM?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In movies why doesn't the villain spray paint all the bomb wires black
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In movies with space battles, don't you find it coincidental that when the ships approach each other, they are both the "same way up?" The odds are pretty low that they left their home planets and defined "up" the same way.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In movies, someone fires a gun into the ceiling of a room to get everyone's attention. The person then speaks like someone could actually hear them after that.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In my 20s I thought therapists were for unstable people. In my 30s I think they're for stable people.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In my 33 years of life I've never once seen a squirrel shit or piss
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In my entire life, I have never seen a female taxi driver.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In my experience attending Catholic school drastically reduces your chances of being Catholic as an adult
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In my head, you all have the exact same voice as me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In my humble opinion, every time a sock goes missing in the dryer, it travels through a multidimensional portal and comes back as an extra Tupperware lid in my cabinet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In my life I've purchased at least 50 cans of WD40, right now I can locate two, I've never thrown one away, and I have no idea where the rest went
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In order for Bill Gates to get the same sensation of the me finding a twenty dollar bill in my pocket, Bill would have to find 15.2 million dollars in his pocket.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In order to fall asleep, you have to pretend to be asleep.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In order to grow our muscles, we kill other animals and eat THEIR muscles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In other people's dreams, I've met people I don't know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In our solar system, there are more planets with robot population than with the human population.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In paintball, you should be allowed to use a paintbrush as a knife.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	In porn video they have shitty music, in music videos they have shitty porn
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In professional poker, is Botox considered a performance enhancing drug?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In real life we smile with our mouth. On the internet we smile with our colon. :)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In reality, most "90's kids" are actually nostalgic for the early 2000's.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In school zones I watch my speedometer more than I watch for kids
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In sci-fi, future people eat bland, colorless paste containing all necessary nutrients. In reality, we eat brightly colored foods with intense flavors and no nutrition.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In sci-fi, the AIs that awaken &amp; destroy humanity always have edgy names like "Skynet" or "Matrix". In real life, it'll probably be something like "Google Spadoodle".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In sign language, arthritis is a speech impediment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In some countries people are broke and don't even have clean drinking water and in my country we have fountains in public places that spew clean water and people just throw their unwanted money into it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In space reverse cowgirl and doggy are the same thing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In space, everything is a stones throw away.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In t-shirt sizes, XL &gt; L &gt; M, but it's the opposite in roman numerals
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the 2020 election we are going to see a lot of ads about having 20/20 vision (for the future).
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the 24 hour clock, 24 hours is never displayed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the 90's the 2 biggest rules were to not get in car with strangers and dont meet with people you met on the internet, now most of us do both regularly
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the 90s there was a huge push to get kids to not talk to strangers. Shortly after, the internet was created.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the DC Universe, there are probably a lot of authentic batarangs being sold on eBay.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the Deadpool movie, it would be awesome if Deadpool recognized Stan Lee in the cameo.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the Harry Potter universe, you could probably get a .gif tattooed on you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the Harry Potter world, two people could have taken polyjuice potion and switched genders to have sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the Harry Potter world, why is there no magic spell to correct his vision?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the LEGO Universe, all doctors are plastic surgeons.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the Lion King when simba sings "I just can't wait to be king" he's just singing about "I just can't wait for my dad to die."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the Lion King, Simba sings, "I Just Can't Wait to Be King" with surprising enthusiasm, considering the primary mechanism by which princes become kings.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In the Scooby Doo universe, every single mystery the gang ever encountered always had a logical explanation. In fact, the only unexplainable phenomenon in their entire history was that they had a dog who could fucking talk.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In the Shawshank Redemption, Red tells Andy that his hope of being a free man again is "a shitty pipe dream", he ends up escaping through a pipe full of shit.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	In the Transformers movie, the auto bots said they scanned the entire internet and learned everything about the humans. Which means Optimus Prime has seen a lot of porn
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the UK, a "God hates fags" sign is actually good for your health.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the US, taxes are mandatory but voting isn't. People who pay taxes but don't vote are basically saying, "Here, take my money. Whoever is in charge can do whatever they want with it."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the USA, it's 100x cheaper to take an Uber to the hospital instead of an ambulance.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the bible, Noah told people when it would rain. Nowadays, NOAA tells people when it will rain.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the distant future some kid will disappoint their parents because they want to get an art history degree and concentrate on memes of the 2010s.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the dog world, humans are elves that routinely live to be 500+ years old.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the drug mule business, a buttload would be a practical unit of measurement
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the event of an apocalypse I would spend the first 20 minutes wondering why the internet doesn't work
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the first Harry Potter, Ron's attempt to change Scabber's colour didn't work because he's not a real rat
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the future buying a manual car won't be buying a car that has a manual transmission. It will be buying a car that isn't self driving.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the future people will wake up hung over, hundreds of miles from home, in their car with autopilot on.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the future, "automatic" and "manual" will refer not to the car's transmission, but whether the car drives itself or not.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the future, Earth Day will probably be a day to remember Earth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the future, ancestry.com would just link to our old Facebook accounts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the future, everybody's self-driving cars will drive slowly around the block all day to avoid buying parking tickets.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the future, imagine how many Go-Pros will be found in snow mountains containing the last moments of peoples lives.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the future, our kids will ask us why we say "there's plenty of fish in the sea".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the last 20 years, I won over $7300 by not buying a lottery ticket every day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the last 5 years, I've gone from thinking "Please don't hit me" at approaching traffic as a pedestrian to "Go ahead and hit me, I don't want to work anymore."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the last four days "Grab them by the p***y" has been said more times than all the other days in history, combined.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the movie Terminator 2, the Terminator and the T-1000 talking on the phone were two AI machines trying to convince each other that they were human.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the near future thanks to self-driving cars, "drunk driving" will mean waking up on the side of the road somewhere, out of gas because you thought "Disneyland" was a good destination at 3:00 AM.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the near future, most grandparents will be way better at video games than their grandchildren due to sheer experience.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the newest Batman v. Superman trailer, instead of "son of Krypton vs. bat of Gotham", they really should have Lex describe it as "son (sun) of Krypton vs. knight (night) of Gotham" to highlight the central characters' opposing qualities
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the next hundred years 7 billion people will die...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the original "Dracula" movie from 1931, Dracula and Van Helsing are played by Bela Lugosi and Edward Van Sloan. So their names are..."Bela" and "Edward".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the past decade, my wife and I have gone from kids trying to quietly have sex while their parents sleep to parents trying to quietly have sex while their kids sleep
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the same vein as TLDR, there should be a NHDW abbreviation meaning "no headphones, didn't watch," for videos.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In the song "99 Problems", the police officer says "well we'll see how smart you are when the k9 come". If this dog is a female, one of Jay-Z's problem is indeed, a bitch.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the span of my lifetime, 5 dollars has gone from being worth 5 roast beef sandwiches to not even a single subway sandwich.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	In the time span of other countries, the US is a dumb teenager with way to much money. We spend it all on "cool" shit like weapons, and think education is stupid
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the universe of the movie "Cars," rental cars could be considered prostitutes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the word "scent", is it the S or the C that is silent?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the word, "Eight," the only letter you pronounce properly is the "t."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the year 2020, it will be 4/20 for an entire month.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the year 2020, there will be a whole month of 4/20
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the year 2021 the phrase "hindsight is 20/20" will be insufferably popular.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the year 2021, hindsight will be 2020.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the year 2021, the phrase 'hindsight is 2020' will be overused
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In the year 3000, when cars are still on the ground, nobody's living on Mars, and cell phones are still outside of our bodies, some digital archeologist is going to find Futurama and have a good laugh.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In this solar system, all problems on Earth are third world problems.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In two years, it will just be Super Bowl L
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In video games, you gain XP from success. In real life, you gain XP from failure.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In videogames, no one walks anywhere. In real life, no one sprints anywhere.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	In your lifetime you are the first one to be born and the last to die.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Incorrect facts about Amish people spread around the internet are not very likely to be corrected...
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Inside every beautiful skyscraper are pipelines of shit that are constantly flowing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instagram would be a good name for a weed vending machine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instagram would be a great nickname for a drug dealer
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instagram would have been a good name for a drug delivery service
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instagram would have been a great name for a marijuana delivery service.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of 'faking your own death' we should just call it "Pseudocide"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of .ca Canadian websites should end with .eh
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of 15 second commercials that can be skipped after 5 seconds, YouTube should just use 6 second commercials. Vine has proved that is enough time to get a full thought across.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of Reddit Gold, I would pay half the price to give someone Reddit Coal to all the stupid comments I see out there
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of a "pearl necklace", it should be called a "chestnut".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of a finale The Simpsons should just keep retiring characters as all the voice actors die. The final episode will just be shots of an empty Springfield.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of a reboot, Ghostbusters should have been Bill Murray in a retirement home, dealing with the ghosts there.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of asking for "Gender" or "Sex" on forms and such, why not just change the category to a chromosomal option, e.g. "XX"/"XY", so we can all be done with this already?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of asking for $3, Wikipedia should ask for $3.50 and randomly redirect you to the loch ness monster page until you donate
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of being a reporter shouldn't superman have been a doctor as clark kent? Then he could secretly use his x-ray vision to find tumors and cancers and save more lives!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of calling it a getaway car, we should call it a "fleehicle".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of colorizing photos, in 50 years we will be removing filters.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Instead of creating shit like the Apple Watch, Apple should develop a phone that could survive being dropped without the use of a $60 case.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of debates, we should give candidates three impromptu essay questions they have to answer in three hours in 1,000 words or less, and they have to write it, immediately and live on web cam, with no help from their interns.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Instead of giving mass killers/rapists news coverage and nicknames that they want we should give them ridiculous names like "Gayboi Gacy" "Baby dick Bundy" "Rat Face Ramirez"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of just looking up into the sky, you're actually gazing down into the infinite cosmic abyss, with only gravity holding you onto the surface of the earth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of letting you skip ads, YouTube should hire Vine-savvy people to create 6-second ads.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of looking up into the sky, you're actually gazing down into the infinite cosmic abyss, with only gravity holding you to the surface of the Earth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of people constantly making throwaways, why doesn't Reddit have a "post comment anonymously" feature?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of playing Monopoly, rich kids should play a game called Philanthropy, where they learn how to responsibly give away money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of purple, visited links on Reddit should turn red. That way, redditors can say that they have 'red'it.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Instead of rebooting amazing films, we should reboot shitty ones that showed potential.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Instead of remaking good films, we should remake shitty ones that showed potential.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of saying "That's what she said" I've adopted a new saying, "That's how my Grandma died."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of saying someone "lost" their battle with a disease, we should acknowledge that upon death they also killed the parasitic disease like some sort of cool heroic movie sacrifice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of shadow bans, banned users should be redirected to an alternate version of a website which they'll have to share with other banned users. Don't tell them, and let it turn into a social experiment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of stink bombs someone should design scent bombs- Small capsules you can drop and crush discreetly to overpower bad odors on places like trains.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of suspending bad students and giving them days of, we should have anti-suspentions and give them more school on weekends and holidays
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of tear gas, police should employ THC cannisters during a riot and push multiple free snack carts in outward directions to disperse rioters and dissuade them from destruction.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of telling people to stop making memes, the Cincinnati Zoo should tell people to post their favorite photos of Harambe using the hashtag #picsoutforharambe.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of the money spent on mice for marijuana studies, I would happily pay $10 to get high and run a maze.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of the stupid motion sensors on toilets, have them set to flush as soon as you unlock the stall door
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of torturing people for getting information, why don't they just get them really drunk?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of trying to invent a time machine, we should create a time which entices future time machine inventors to come back and visit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Instead of using "1st Grade", we should call it "Level 1" when referring to school so it sounds cooler to kids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Insurance must be crazy expensive in Metropolis and Gotham City.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Intentionally losing at Rock Paper Scissors is just as hard as trying to win
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Intentionally losing at a game of rock, paper, scissors is just as hard as trying to win
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Interesting how you use a ladle to get broth and go to a brothel to get laid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Internet browsers should wait to ask me if I want to save my password until after I have figured out if I input the right one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ireland and Iceland are a "sea" apart.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ironically, Chumbawumba never got back up again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ironically, The One Ring from Lord of The Rings is probably the most replicated ring ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ironing boards are just surf boards that stopped pursuing their dreams and got a real job instead.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Is "Ow" the sound humans naturally make when they feel pain or have we just learned to say that?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Is a bath relaxing for Michael Phelps, or does he just feel like he is at work?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Is a subpar golfer good or bad?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Is an ejaculating penis a fountain of youth?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Is cutting off Mike Wazowski's legs the same thing as beheading him?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Is expired poison more poisonous or less poisonous?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Is gay marriage legal during the purge?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Is it "milk them for all they're worth" or "milk them for all their worth?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Is it just me, or are 80% of the people in the "people you may know" feature on Facebook people that you do know, but deliberately choose not to be friends with?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Is my dick an identical copy of my dad's dick? Or is it a combination of my dad's and my mom's, if she had one?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Is the "S" or "C" in scent silent?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Is the Snapchat logo a ghost because the pictures will come back to haunt you?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Is there an alternate universe that has a Pawn Shop channel that only airs shows about history?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Islam needs to eat a Snickers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Isn't "The pen is mightier than the sword." a little out dated. Shouldn't it be "The byte is quicker than the bullet."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Isn't Christianity Judaism with a Jesus expansion pack?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Isn't Viagra technically 'junk food'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Isn't a babies 1st birthday actually their 2nd?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Isn't having one month designated for black history segregation?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Isn't it amazing how one tiny egg, and one tiny sperm can come together and turn into a colossal twat?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Isn't it weird how when a cop drives by you. You feel more paranoid than protected?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Isn't it weird in movies sometimes when there's a fight on top of a truck yet all the cars behind them will be driving like normal like "this is real messed up but I'm not going to be late for work".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Isn't it weird that war is literally just a concept of "we can't come to a logical solution so we're just going to try to kill all of your people"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Isn't it weird that we don't see more dead people just out on the sidewalk or in a store? I see hundreds of people a day. You'd think some of them would drop dead in front of me occasionally.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Isn't redesigning Barbie just forcing her to conform to someone else's standard of beauty?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Isn't the famous definition of 'insanity' the same as the definition of 'practice'? "Repeating something over and over expecting a different result".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Isn't the freshness date on the milk carton really a spoiler alert?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Isn't the roof of my mouth really the ceiling because it's on the inside?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Isn't it weird that we have one hand that knows how to do everything and then one hand that just sits there like, "I don't know how to hold a pencil."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It always seems as if the designers of dishwasher racks have never loaded a dishwasher themselves
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It always seems gross when I touch someone's wet hand when they come from the bathroom, but I should probably be more concerned if it's dry.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It amazes me that there was a time before sandwiches.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It blows my mind that humans can "accidentally" produce life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It blows my mind that the sun is 93 million miles away from us, and we can still feel it's heat on our cheek
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It bothers me that 12AM comes before 11AM
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It doesn't matter how old I get, I'll always look up whenever I hear a helicopter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It feels like Morgan Freeman has been old my whole life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It feels way more like Starwars season than it does Christmas this year
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It has gotten to the point that every time I see "defiantly" I automatically think some idiot misspelled "definitely"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It is 2016 and I can now send messages on the iPhone with balloons, GIFs, "invisible ink", etc, but I can't bold, italicize, or underline a word.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It is amazing to think that nighttime is actually the natural state of the universe, and the only reason we have daytime is because Earth just so happens to be facing a giant star illuminating it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It is difficult to win an argument with an intelligent person, but it is impossible to win an argument with a very stupid person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It is kind depressing to think that I used to play thousand of high quality free flash games online, but nowadays I can barely find a free phone game that isn't filled with ads or try to shove microtransactions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It is literally impossible to forget something on purpose, yet we get angry with people if they forget things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It is more widely socially acceptable to watch TV and do nothing than it is to play video games and control what you do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It is quite weird when an entire boy band sings a love song about one girl.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It is socially acceptable to say "Good morning" as a greeting and "Good night" as a farewell, however it would be weird if someone said "Good morning" to you as a farewell and "Good night" as a greeting
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It just dawned on me; characters in movies are always watching really old movies because those movies don't require a royalty fee anymore.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It just occurred to me that duels were most likely scheduled at high noon so that the sun wasn't in either opponent's eyes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It make absolutely zero sense that the only vehicles not requiring seatbelts are giant buses full of children.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It makes me really uncomfortable that 12am comes before 11am.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It must be awkward for the wives who legitimately hit a door and got a black eye.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It must be difficult for someone named "Rob Banks" to open a checking account.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It must be hard for people in England to tell other people when they have a bloody nose
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It must be really tough to play a "Q" tile in Scrabble in England when you have to waste the "U" on words like "colour" and "labour".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It must be super weird for babies to fall asleep in one place and then wake up 4 hours later in a completely different place with different clothes on.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It must be unnerving going back to sleep for the first time after waking up from a long coma.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It must suck to be a butterfly on super windy day. "Oh, I guess I'm going this way now."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It must suck to be an atheist named Christian.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It must suck when billionaires wake up feeling like a million bucks
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It occurred to me as I watched Deadpool last night, that Deadpool should teach a brief sex education lesson in the beginning of Deadpool 2 to punish crappy parents who bring their kids to rated R movies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It only takes 3 people to span the entire history of the United States.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It only takes three generations for you to be basically forgotten
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It really bothers me that we pay sports stars millions of dollars each year but my goal of doing research to figure out causes and solutions to mental illness will pay me $45,000 a year after 10 years of university, if I am lucky.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It seems insane to think that we live in a world where an egg timer app needs my location to figure out the boiling point of water at my latitude.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It seems kind of douchy for medical offices to charge Alzheimer's patients for missed or forgotten appointments.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It seriously needs to be illegal for sound effects of emergency vehicle sirens to be played on radio commercials.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It should be allowed to use a paintbrush as a knife in Paintball
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It should be illegal for radio commercials to include the sound of cars honking.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It should be illegal for video ads to be longer than the video you're trying to watch...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It should be illegal to broadcast car horns or police sirens over radio advertisements
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It should be illegal to play sirens over the radio.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It should be illegal to show CPR done incorrectly on tv or in movies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It sucks when I read read as read and not read, so I have to re-read read as read so I can read read correctly and it can make sense...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It takes 2 seconds to pick up a penny. That's technically $18 an hour. More than I make at work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It takes a whole ocean and the moon to erase my mere footstep on the sand
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It takes longer to say "www." than "world wide web."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It took Pokémon GO to get Americans to use the metric system
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It took me 16 years to realise Saturday has turd in it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It took me 23 years to realize that "be there or be square" is because you're not a-round.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It took me way too long to realize that Liam is short for William
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It used to be a luxury to get produce from across the world, but now it's a luxury to get them locally
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It was pretty cool that all the Jewish kids didn't ruin Santa for us when we were younger.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It will really freak Marty McFly out when he arrives and everyone is expecting him, dressed up like him, and having parties in his honor.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would be a good idea to have "The Price Is Right" with billionaires, just to see how out of touch they are.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	It would be amazingly terrifying if animals waged war against each other like humans do. You'd wake up, get a cup of coffee and look out your window and say things like "Oh shit, looks like the bears and eagles are fightin' again."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would be cool if Google could identify nature sounds the same way it does with songs and shows (like Shazam). That way we could know which animal or insect is making whichever noise we hear.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would be cool to see an album of all the pictures you've accidentally photobombed in public
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would be hilarious if the zodiac killer came forward because he couldn't stand the fact that some people think he's Ted Cruz
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would be infinitely cooler if the people in your dream had the same dream and you could talk about it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would be ironic if in 2020 we elect a blind president.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would be ironic if snake oil was found to be the cure for cancer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would be pretty neat if my Samsung keyboard didn't learn new words while my browser was in incognito mode.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would be really convenient if my eyes could use "Ctrl+f" to search for things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would be really weird if emotional dramas had "cry tracks" similar to sitcoms with laugh tracks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would be satisfying to see Alex Trebek go on Jeopardy as a contestant and just get absolutely smoked.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	It would be scary as fuck if the entire Ocean was clear like a swimming pool.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would make more sense if 3 had the value of 4 because the number 3 looks like half of the number 8
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would probably be illegal to cast a 17 year old as the star of an accurate portrayal of the life of an average 17 year old
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would suck if you were bisexual and the man of your dreams married the woman of your dreams
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It would suck to be in a car crash outside a Halloween party; You'd show up bloody with your jaw hanging off and everyone would say "Sick costume, dude!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It'd probably only take a few thousand generations of selective breeding to turn a squid into a fully functioning inkjet printer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It'll be nice if you could shout "Siri where are you" and it'll respond "over here" when trying to look for your iPhone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's 2016 and we still haven't figured out a solution to that thing that happens when you try to call someone and they go to call you back but you're calling them at the same time and no one can get through
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's 2016. Don't you think it's about time shower heads came with a built in thermometer so you don't have to make random adjustments for 20 minutes before your shower is comfortable?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's 2:30am and you'll probably never see this. How many hundreds of brilliant, life-changing thoughts and ideas are lost on Reddit each day, simply due to being posted at the wrong time?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's 7:45 on October 3rd and I just saw a Christmas commercial and I am not sure how I feel about that.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia should do a crossover episode with Bar Rescue
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's OK to cry in a job interview if you're an actor
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	It's a good thing Dr. Seuss books come with pictures, because otherwise I'd have no fuckin clue what he was talking about.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's a little ironic that my "lazy" clothes, are the exact same as my gym clothes
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	It's a pretty big fucking coincidence that "Alzheimers" sounds a lot like "old timers".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's a shame great minds think alike. If they thought differently, we'd get double the great ideas.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's a tragedy that Chris Farley died before the Rob Ford scandals.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's actually ok to ask somebody who works at the mint how much money they make.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's actually pretty likely that I'll be in physical vicinity of one of you in real life but neither of us will have any idea that we had this brief connection on the internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's all fun and games until your younger sibling starts crying within earshot of your parents
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's always such a relief when I log on to Reddit in the morning and the top post isn't about mass murder.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's amazing how much authority a parking cone has.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's amazing how my brain can construct these highly detailed and vivid scenes during dreams, yet I can't seem to draw a stick figure better than your average 7 year-old.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's amazing how often "Can I help you?" really means "You look suspicious. Who are you and what are you doing here?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's amazing how often "turn it off then turn it back on again" actually solves the problem.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's amazing how unforgiving we are towards bugs, we will straight up murder them for even coming near us.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's been a full ten years since we properly appreciated how easily the handwritten numeral 5 can be changed to a 6.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's been over a decade and we still haven't introduced bold and italics to text messages.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's called "cat calling" because when you call a cat they don't come to you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's called an atlas because it carries the world
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's called being "broke" because you don't work
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's called the 'pilot' episode because they want to see if it takes off.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's called your "chest" because it holds your vital organs inside
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's completely normal to refer to pets as "boy" or "girl", but not to call them "man" or "woman".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's convenient that all the planets in the Star Wars story seem to have the same gravity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's crazy how nobody in a zombie movie has ever seen a zombie movie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's crazy how we pass our birthday every year and we know that on that day we were born, but we also pass the day we will die every year and have no clue
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's crazy that's there's this giant thing in the sky all the time that we're not supposed to look at.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's depressing that we live in a time when I can see a child freezing and looking miserable walking to school but I can't offer a ride without fear of potentially being labeled a creep or worse.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's easier to understand someone who's waaaay smarter than you than someone who is just trying to sound smart
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's entirely possible that I am a former Men in Black agent.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's funny how all the trust goes away when you're looking for the remote "Are you sitting on the remote?" - "No" "Stand up"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's funny how some biblical names caught on and not others. Plenty of Daniels, Davids, and Johns, but not so many Jehoshaphats, Zerubbabels, and Zadoks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's genius of Apple and the FBI to pretend that the feds don't already have complete access to everyone's iPhones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's going to be so easy to turn a 5 into a 6 for the first few months of 2016.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's going to be super weird when there are like 45 year old comments on YouTube
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's good that Reddit's layout is a bit archaic because that's the only thing keeping out the Facebook types who find it "too confusing".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's good that Wolverine can heal. He stabs people and never cleans his claws before retracting them. He would have all sorts of blood diseases...
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	It's hard to win an argument with a smart person, but it's damn near impossible to win an argument with a stupid person.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	It's harder for kids to buy a rated M game than to get access to porn
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's illegal for you to prove that I'm not immortal
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's ironic that I have to learn how Mitosis and Meiosis work although every single cell in my body knows it already.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's ironic that Reddit is on the verge of revolution during the 4th of July weekend
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's ironic that people usually show their driver licenses to buy alcohol.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's ironic to me that the people who believe God will warn them to build an ark when the flood comes are the same ones refusing to listen to scientists warning them of rising sea levels.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's irrelevant when the time machine is invented.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's kinda misleading that the Xbox logo is an X in a circle
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's kinda nuts that a 5 billion year old thermonuclear reaction 30 million km away can burn you while you mow the lawn.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's kinda odd that marijuana legality progresses in such a way that it is accepted as beneficial for ill people before its considered safe for healthy ones
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's kinda sad that we're in a time where a main selling point in advertisements of foods is that they're made with 100% of the "real" ingredients that they're supposed to be made up of.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's kinda scary to think that 100,000 years from now, most of our important historical events will be a blip on a timeline in a child's school book.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's messed up that you can accidentally make a person but you can't accidentally make a pizza.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's more accurate to say "deaths were postponed" than "lives were saved"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's more socially acceptable to be a man who loves another man than a man who loves Nickleback.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's never too late to apologize. It only might be too late to have your apology accepted.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's nice being African American because I can be first without actually being first. I won't have to risk my life to be a "first" on Mars because a white guy will probably do it first. But if I do it next, I can still be the first African American on Mars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's normal to call your son "son" but it's weird to call your daughter "daughter"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's not a Sunday unless you completely waste it and feel really sad around 8PM
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	It's not an "uncircumcised penis" - it's a penis. That's what they look like naturally. We wouldn't say someone has an "unlifted face" or "unaugmented breasts".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's not possible for Wolverine to get circumcised
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's not premarital sex if we're not going to get married.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's not premarital sex if you never get married
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's not surprising there are forest fires every year considering I'm the only one who can prevent them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's not that surpsing that meowing at cats elicits a surprised response. Imagine if a cat walked by and said something random like, "Democracy".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's officially that annoying time of year where it's sweater weather in the morning but by mid-day you die of heatstroke.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's ok if Playboy stops publishing nudes, because everyone I've ever talked to only gets the magazine for the articles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's only socially acceptable for a person to say that they think they're beautiful if they aren't.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's pretty close to the 2020s and I still think of the 90's as a few years ago
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's pretty dumb that I get a new driver's license every four years and it's made out of hard plastic and I'm supposed to have my social security card for life and it's made out of paper.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's pretty easy for Simba and Mufasa to be singing the Circle of Life when they're the ones at the top of the food chain. I bet the zebras hate that song.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's pretty rare to use an entire pen without losing it first. On the other hand, It's pretty common to find a pen already out of ink, so it's a paradox in a way.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	It's probably good Harambe was shot - "dicks out for dead kids" really wouldn't get the same sort of support.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's quite possible that in an alternate dimension people are mysteriously gaining an additional sock or two every time they dry their laundry.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's really dark inside you.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	It's really redundant when a news website has a "Read More" button cutting off the article. I'm obviously on the page to read the article, I didn't open the page just to look at their fucking mosaic of ads.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's risky to buy soda right after an earthquake
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's rude to hold a revolving door for someone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's sad how the death of one earpiece of your headphones leaves the other to a life of neglect &amp; uselessness for no fault of its own.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's sad that Wile. E. Coyote is remembered for his violence rather than his brilliant paintings of tunnels.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's sad that when I see something on the news, I don't believe it right away because of how manipulative the media is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's safe to assume that more pubes are shaved on February 13th than any other day of the year.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's socially acceptable to have friends join you for the beginning of the digestive process but not the end
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's socially acceptable to say "I can't function without a cup of coffee," but not "I can't function without a glass of beer"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's somewhat normal to go home with a random one night stand, but it'd be weird to hold their hand while walking to another bar. Hand holding is now more intimate than sleeping with someone.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	It's still illegal to do butt sex in some states. Some gay men can't even consummate their marriage. Poor bastards.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's strange how the the brain doesn't register a second 'the' when written next to another 'the'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's strange that the adoption process is so strict and rigorous; and yet any two people can produce a baby with no regulation whatsoever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's stupid to say you were "born in the wrong generation of music." Music from the past is more accessible now than it was during the time period.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's such a cliche in movies and TV but I don't think I've ever been in an elevator that actually had music playing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's super ironic to read 'Fahrenheit 451' on a Kindle.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's technically illegal to buy a child, yet "adoptions" require an exchange of money. So really, adoption is just the legal purchase of a baby.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's unacceptable to use drugs to enhance your Olympic performance, but perfectly acceptable to use autotune to win a Grammy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's weird how yogurt is almost exclusively advertised to women
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's weird people compare life to a roller coaster, because on a roller coaster, the downhill parts are the most fun.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's weird that Universal's logo is just the Earth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's weird that in grade 12 you have to ask to go the bathroom in school. But 2 months after you graduate you have to choose what you want to do for the rest of your life
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	It's weird that nipples are the most "obscene" part of the boob when that's the part everyone has, while the part unique to women, the round squishy part, is pretty much fair game.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's weird that people who smoke probably go out and get more fresh air than I do
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's weird to think people who are six foot are only 6 subways tall
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's weird to think that I don't even exist in your life, yet you're reading what I just typed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's weird, since I installed ad-blocker there's been a lot less women in my area dying to meet me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Its 2015, why cant you unselect a floor in an elevator yet?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Its amazing how potatoes give us chips, french fries and vodka. Get your shit together, every other vegetable
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Its hard to win an argument with a smart person, but it is damn near impossible to win an argument with a stupid person.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Its odd that PornHub's comment section is less dumb and more friendly than YouTube's
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Its okay to say that you hate people, but not a specific kind of people.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Its weird how it's socially acceptable to put someone else's genitals in your mouth, but eating a Dorito off the floor after a few seconds is gross. What a fucking double standard.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Its weird how my brain automaticly reads "wtf" as "what the fuck" but still reads lol as l-o-l
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's becoming more socially acceptable to be a marijuana smoker than a cigarette smoker.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	It's so dumb that drug dealers get sentenced to prison longer than rapists. People ask for drugs, nobody asks for rape.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	It's socially acceptable to talk about how reliant and addicted you are to a drug as long as that drug is caffeine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ive never seen a broken lego.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm only considered the 'tech person' in my house because nobody else thinks to Google when something goes wrong.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm so glad I was born just before the time when all of my embarrassing childhood videos would have been stored on the Internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	I'm sure my phone vibrates every now and then with no notification just to make me think I'm going crazy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jack Black and Jack White should collaborate and make a Jack Gray album
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jack really dodged a bullet by not eating those beans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jackets don't warm you up, you warm them up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jaden Smith needs to star in a show about a spoiled rich kid from Bel Aire sent to live with relatives in West Philadelphia.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jamba Juice and Pizza Hut should merge to create Jamba the Hut.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	James Bond is going to need a Visa for his missions now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	James Franco and Seth Rogen are like the modern day Cheech and Chong.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Japan looks like someone turned Adblock off.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Japan was like the Leeroy Jenkins of WWII
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Japan, one of the least obese nations in the world have obese men fight for entertainment whilst America, one of the most obese countries in the world, have very fit people fight for entertainment
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jars of salsa should be designed with bowl lids that can be screwed back on without a mess, like laundry detergent caps.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jedi always bring a knife to a gun fight.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jehovah's Witnesses should open a gym called Jehovah's Fitness
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jeopardy needs to make audio versions of their show and put it in a podcast.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jergens brand lotion should market to teenage boys with the slogan "Are you Jergen it?"
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Jersey must be a real shithole, if New Jersey was supposed to be an improvement.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jesus backwards sounds like sausage.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jesus coming to earth, making friends, dying and revealing himself to be god's son is like the ultimate episode of undercover boss.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jesus got boners.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jesus had to move back in with his dad at age 33.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jesus had two dads and a surrogate mom--10/10 Christians agree--he turned out alright.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jesus' first miracle was bringing alcohol to a party.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jesus' statement that man cannot live on bread alone is solid nutritional advice
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jim Carrey is the reason I never forget how to spell the word "beautiful"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jimmy John's should open an upscale restaurant chain called James Johnathan's.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jimmy John's should open up an upscale restaurant called "James Jonathan's"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Joan Rivers probably won't decompose for thousands of years
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Joggers that wear bright neon can run, but they can't hide.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	John Cena and The Rock should be in a movie together as cops who go undercover as wrestlers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	John Cena is the new Rick Astley.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Johnny Cash would have been a good name for a rapper.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Jon Stewart sure picked the shittiest year ever to retire....
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Judging by all the great loot to be found in every dungeon-filled fantasy game, those worlds are filled with multiple races with tremendous respect for the dead, never disturbing their rest. Then you come along...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Judging by the state of public restrooms, potty training is a giant failure.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jumanji taught us that the scariest thing in the African jungle is a white guy with a gun.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jumping in video games seems to be a necessary form of movement, yet in real life we rarely, if ever, jump on a daily basis
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	June is like Friday, July is like Saturday, and August is like Sunday
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Jurassic Park was a cautionary tale about the dangers of underpaying IT workers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Just as I assume everyone on Reddit is a 16-30 year old male, I assume everyone on Tumblr is a 12-22 year old female
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Just as our bodies heat up to kill off a sickness, what if global warming is the earth heating up to kill off humanity?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Just before I die, I am going to swallow a bag of popcorn kernels to make the cremation a bit more interesting
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Just by changing the shape of my mouth, I can use my breath to either cool something off, or warm something up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Just completed a run and swim race, a "duathlon", and the whole time was thinking: duathlon or do not athlon there is no triathlon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Just counting from 1 to 2 you skipped an infinite amount of numbers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Just hearing that Congress passed a 2000+ page budget bill with 2 days to read it makes me think they sign legislation like I agree to license agreements.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Just once I want a time travel franchise to release the sequel first.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Just once instead of "follow your dreams" I want to hear a celebrity say "blow the right guy"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Just realised "fortnight" is short for fourteen nights
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Just realised that Popeye, my favourite cartoon when I was a kid, was basically about a guy who took performance enhancing drugs to rescue his girlfriend from abduction, forced marriage and rape.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Just realized Will and Jada named their kids Willow and Jaden.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Just realized how horribly relevant my username is right now
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Just realized today that closing time at strip clubs should be called "clothing" time
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Justin Bieber is a Canadian who has a hit song called "Sorry".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	KFC should sponsor a soccer team called Kentucky FC.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kanye West is offering a prize to anyone who can guess what Kanye West's new album title "TLOP" stands for. Kanye West probably doesn't even know what it stands for. Kanye West is waiting for someone to submit the best title.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kanye West is the person on earth with a personality and lifestyle most similar to Derrick Zoolander
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Kanye West may have more money than me, but any time I want I can see the mother of his child with a dick in her mouth
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kanye West should buy YouTube ads that play before Taylor Swift's songs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kanye West should make a "The Best of Kanye West" album and put all of his songs on it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kanye West should re-release his entire discography and title it 'Kanye's Greatest Hits'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kanye West should've waited until Taylor Swift was accepting her Grammy and released his new album as she started her speech.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kanye is actually in love with T-Swift, but since he has the mental capacity of a 3rd grader, putting her down is the only way he knows how to express it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kanye should stop comparing himself to God. God doesn't even write his own verses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kari, Tori, and Grant should create a YouTube channel where they continue to bust myths. They would gain millions of Subscribers really quickly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kate Upton and Kate Middleton are famous. How long before we have a famous Kate Downton?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Katie Perry singing 'you change your mind like a girl changes clothes' is the same as singing 'you change your mind like a girl changes her mind'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Katy Perry spends an entire song saying "you're gonna hear me roar" only for the song to finish with a lion's roar and not her own.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Keith Urban is a terrible name for a country music singer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kenny's family is poor because they're always paying for his funeral.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kevin Spacey gets paid more to pretend to be a politician than real ones get paid to run the country.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Keyboards should have a removable crumb tray like toasters so you can get all that gunk out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kid Rock should change his name to Adult Country.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kid's menus at restaurants should be smaller portions of the same adult dishes at lower prices and not the junk food that they usually offer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kids are basically sex trophies
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kids are going to start assuming that the phrase "twiddling your thumbs" means messing around on your phone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kids born in the year 2000 will never have to worry about forgetting how old they are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kids do without thinking, adults think wothout doing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kids growing up now will regard the pre-internet era as some kind of unimaginable dark age
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kids in high school typically make fun of kids who are in theater and band, yet they worship celebrities and musicians.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kids in the future will think the 9/11 attacks on the World Trade Center spawned the idea/creation of "dial 911 for emergency".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kids in the movies are always upset when their parents don't make it to their recitals. As a kid I never wanted my parents to show up anywhere.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kids of the future will think the emergency number 911 was because of 9/11
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kids who are eight years old, only know of a black president. Soon, for the first time in their lives, will be alive to witness their first white president.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kids who see C:\&gt; on a computer screen today are going to automatically turn their heads sideways to figure out what emoticon it's supposed to be.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kids will never again know the joy of getting a new game and reading the instruction manual on the ride home.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kids with two homosexual fathers are immune to your mom jokes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kids with unique names who were sad they couldn't find personalized souvenirs are now reaping the benefits in available usernames and email addresses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Killing a spider makes the spider genetic pool sneakier and more deadly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Killing one bird with one stone seems hard enough
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kim Jong Un is probably the biggest threat to world peace but if you type "Kim" in Google...Kim Kardashian still comes up first.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kim Jong Un is the real life equivalent to Plankton
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kim Jong-Un might actually be the fattest guy in North Korea.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kim Jong-Un must look really strange to the people of North Korea since he is the only overweight person in the entire country
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kim K has 64mil Insta followers and gets approx 1mil likes per post. If you have 100 followers, and get 2 likes per post you're getting a higher percentage of likes than she is.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Kim Kardashian gave birth to Northwest, does that make her vagina the Northwest Passage?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kim Kardashian was recently robbed of 9$ Million. The Robbers worked harder for that Money than she ever did.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kindergarten is essentially a yearlong ELI5.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kindergarten teachers are probably the best Capatcha solvers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	King Kong was the original Harambe
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	King of the Hill deserved better than being canceled to make room for The Cleveland Show
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kissing is making a tunnel anus to anus
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Kleenex and other tissue brands profit from sadness, sickness and masturbation
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Kleenex should make the last 10 tissues in the box a different color so you know when you're running low.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Knitting a sweater has to be one of the coolest things to know how to do. You're telling the world that you can tie a knot so elaborate you can wear it as clothing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Knocking on somebody's door is basically punching their house until they let you in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Knocking on someone's door is basically punching their house until they let you in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Knocking on the door of an introvert is like tapping on the glass of a fish tank
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Know Your Meme is slowly becoming a historical document that will be required reading by future civilizations to understand our writings.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Knowing how to change a tire and jumpstart a dead battery should be part of the test for a drivers license.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Knowing only the month and day of your death but not the year would be so much worse than knowing the exact date.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Knowing which of my class mates went on to become police officers, I'm not very surprised that the US has a problem with the police.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Knowing you sleep 8 hours a day or you spend 1/3 of your life sleeping sounds perfectly normal. But, if you tell me I'm asleep 4 months out of every year, it sounds insane.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	LMNOP is like the face melting guitar solo of the ABC song.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	LOL has gone from meaning, "laugh out loud" to "I have nothing else to say".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Labels on apples should be edible.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lance Armstrong would have been an awesome name for a medieval jouster.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Landfills are going to intrigue the hell out of archeologists in a couple million years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Laptop designers need to test their product at 4 am in a dark room half asleep and THEN decide if their brightness setting goes low enough
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lasik eye surgery is exactly what we were always told not to do with lasers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Last night I spent 90 minutes reading negative reviews about a 90 minute movie. So glad I didn't waste my time with that flop!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Last night my friend asked to use a USB port to charge his cigarette, but I was using it to charge my book. The future is stupid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Last week, I was a proud owner of "Star Wars: The Complete Saga"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Laugher is the best medicine, but if you're laughing for no apparent reason, you need medicine.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Laughing is so fucking weird. You just stare at the other person with your mouth wide open making ridiculous sounds and sometimes you can't stop.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Law and Order is just Scooby Doo for adults.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lawyer hopes you're in trouble, doctor hopes you're sick, cops hope you're criminal, teacher hopes you're stupid but only a thief wishes you prosperity in life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lawyers sue and tailors sew but both end up with suits.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Leap Day should be an international holiday where all business is expressly forbidden. Everyone gets a "free day" to spend extra time with loved ones, chase dreams, or try something new.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Learn to distinguish between a person who talks to you in their free time &amp; a person who frees time to talk to you
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Learning "Eye of the Tiger" on guitar is the only time you'll have montage music while you're learning something.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Learning to code has totally fucked my google search history. For example, "Do you fork a child before or after you kill the parent?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Leaving an extra key under your doormat is like making your password "password"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Legally "space" begins 100 kilometres above sea level on Earth, which means we're never more than 100km, give or take a few, from space our entire lives. Many people live closer to space than they do to the ocean, or even their state capital.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Leggings, yoga pants, skinny jeans; it's like this decade was made for the ass man.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lego should open up Drink n' Build workshop stores exclusively for adults. Pay $20, crack open a few beers, pick out some legos from dozens of huge bins, build something and if you want buy it on your way out (pay by weight).
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Legoland should have an "i promise I'm not a pedophile" day so adults can go and enjoy the park if they don't have kids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lenny ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) was only typed once, and then has been copy and pasted ever since.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Leonardo Da Vinci would shit his pants if he saw a printer replicate his masterpiece the Mona Lisa in 1 minute.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Leonardo da Vinci's Vitruvian Man could be perceived as instructions on how to make a snow angel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lesbian Friends with Benefits should be called Breast Friends
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lesbian chatrooms are probably filled with men pretending to be lesbians talking to other men pretending to be lesbians
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Lesbian pornography should be called quadruple X instead of triple X, because there are two X chromosomes for each woman.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Let the Bodies Hit the Floor is a more literal version of It's Raining Men
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Let's give the top 100 richest people in the world cancer and see how long it takes to be cured.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Let's name the new planet Pluto, and keep going like nothing happened.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Let's say I'm in a bus full of people. If none of these were born by one reason or another, would I be alone on that bus or would other people take their place?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Let's take a moment to appreciate that Mother Nature not only pre-sliced but also pre-wrapped oranges.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Letting Jesus take the wheel doesn't seem like that smart of an idea when you remember he's over 2,000 years old and doesn't have a driver's license.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Letting the two-party system set the criteria for who can debate is like letting Walmart decide the rules for where Target can open new stores.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Letting your date use your phone charger, even though you're at 25%, is the 21st century equivalent of putting your coat over a puddle.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Life Pro Tips is full of solutions to problems I don't have.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Life begins as a whole bunch of firsts, and slowly, without our knowledge, becomes a whole bunch of lasts
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Life gets weird when you start to see adults as grown up kids rather than adults
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Life has gotten way easier for horses in the last century
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Life is free to play, and it's also pay to win.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Life is free-to-play/open-world/perma-death with unbalanced starting classes and terrible Pay-to-Win mechanics.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Life is just a constant battle between wanting a six pack and wanting a six pack.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Life is like a box of chocolates; An emotional woman can destroy one in 5 minutes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Life is like coming in to a movie in the middle, having someone explain what happened before you came in, trying to figure out what's going to happen next, but getting kicked out before the movie ends.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Life is the worst videogame ever. Literally everything is DLC. It's pay2win. The devs never update, balance, or fix bugs. There is no reward system, direction, or end-goal. And on top of everything it's permadeath.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Life never really left the water. It just evolved to carry little pools of of it around on land.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Life on Earth is the cosmic equivalent of what happens when you don't store things in a cool dry place.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Life would be different if semen was purple and stained things
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Light from the sun travelled 93 million miles just to bounce off my penis
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Light is hitting your body at 186,000 miles per second and we don't even feel it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lighting a candle for each year of your life on a birthday cake and then blowing them out is a weird existentialist ritual that symbolizes how your life will inevitably be extinguished.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lightswitches/lightbulbs should have two modes, the normal brightness mode and the "i just need to pee, don't blind me" mode.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Like Pre-school, we should have Post-School. A half year of school for learning day to day skills for life as an adult.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Like my grandparents, one day I'll tell my grandchildren what life was like in the 20's &amp; 30's.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Like the proton or neutron, the crouton literally means "small particle of bread crust"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Liking a post before it hits the front page is like knowing someone before they get famous.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Links go purple after you visit them because blue and "read" make purple.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lions can jump 36 feet in one bound and we attribute this fun fact to every single lion. We don't say "humans can dunk" and attribute that to every single human.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Literally everything you have ever done has led to you reading this sentence.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Literally nothing is stopping me from finding all the hunting cameras in the nearby woods and running past each of them at roughly 3 AM on all fours, wearing a pig mask
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Literally the only purpose for the cover of a book is so you can judge the book.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lithium is the worst name for a heavy metal band
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Little Caesar's should offer a 2 for 1 deal on the Ides of March. The slogan should be "Eat 2, Brute."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Little Caesars should use "Eat two, Brute" as a slogan.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Loading bars have been stuck on 99% way more than 1% of the time
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lobsters are mermaids to scorpions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lonely seniors in retirement homes should be introduced to reddit as we would listen to their tales of the good old days.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Loner. Live alone. No family or real friends.. If I die while out and about, my dogs will probably starve at home.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Looking back, not buying a high school class ring was a really good financial move.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Looking through your iPod and choosing a song is like saying, "How do I want my air vibrated?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lord Farquaad should have picked Snow White, because having another dwarf around would be anything but abnormal to her.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lorde has made millions off a song about how she will never be a millionaire.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lorde should dress up as Randy Marsh for Halloween, then post a picture on Instagram saying she decided to not wear a costume and dress casual for the night.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lorde should have been Randy Marsh for Halloween.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lorde should name her next album "Have Mercy"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Losing 200 pounds is a lot better in the US than in England.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Losing a friend named Molly at a rave would be the most frustrating thing ever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Losing a sneeze is like blue balls for your nose
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Losing ten pounds in America is a lot better than losing ten pounds in England.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Losing ten pounds is great in the US and sucks in the UK.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Losing your car keys in your house is the adult version of being grounded until you clean.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lots of rap songs are going to sound really corny once weed is legalized nationally.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Lucky rabbit's feet come from unlucky rabbits.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Luis Suarez should do one of those "You're not you when you're hungry" Snickers commercials
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Luke Skywalker and Obi-Wan Kenobi are pretty pale for living on a desert planet with two suns.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Luke Skywalker turning his targeting computer off and destroying the Death Star was an early example of "No Scoping".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Luke Skywalker was an angry young male from the desert, who was indoctrinated by a religious fringe member, and joined a terror plot to blow up a major military instillation. Luke is a 9/11 pilot...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	MEXICO upside down is WEXICO.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Machines are getting better at Captchas as they get harder. Humans are not. Eventually Captcha will be used to prove you are a machine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Madonna isn't really 'kissing celebrities' for shock value, she's sucking the youth out of younger people to stay alive.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Magneto could totally make Wolverine give him a blowjob and there's nothing Wolverine could do to stop it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Major disappointment for a teen: not being invited to a party. Major disappointment for an adult: being invited to a party.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Makeup is allowed in beauty pageants yet steroids aren't allowed in sports
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Making Siri say dirty things is this generations way of typing boob on a calculator
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Making Toy Story 4 is like having a going away party. You say bye to every one, leave the house/building and end up forgetting your car keys thus going back inside to get them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Making fun of a fat person at the gym is like making fun of a homeless person at a job fair.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Making fun of overweight people at the gym is like making fun of an alcoholic trying to go to rehab
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Making the " ~ " tilde key the official punctuation used for written sarcasm would prevent a lot of misunderstandings.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Male unicorn genitalia should be referred to as "Majesticals".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Managers should have to get letters of recommendation from the people below them before moving up to a higher position
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mankind has gone from tablets to scrolls and now we're scrolling on tablets.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Manslaughter sounds way worse than murder
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Many animals probably need glasses, but nobody knows it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Many of the people who say they would survive in a horror movie would NOT survive. Think of all the times you've heard creaks while home alone and kept browsing the internet like it was nothing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Many of the worlds problems will go unsolved due to lack of funding. Meaning, we are limited not by resources and ability to accomplish, but by a system of currency and worth that is completely man-made. We created our own restriction to success.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Many, many future celebrities and world leaders are currently just babies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	March 4th is the only date that is a sentence.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	March 4th is the only day of the year that doubles as a command.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Marijuana activists are the only group of people that actually demand taxes be added onto something they buy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Marijuana gets less and less illegal as you smoke it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Marijuana isn't the gateway to heroin. It's a roadblock. I'm too happy, lazy, broke, and hungry to wanna try hard drugs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mario Kart GO would be absolute mayhem
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mario Kart should have been named Mario Speedwagon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mario is definitely homeless. He wakes up every day wearing the same clothes, runs around in sewers, beats up people for their money, and what does he spend it on? Mushrooms.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mark Hamill plays The Joker, who is in Arkham, and "Arkham" is also in Mark Hamill, the Joker. (M-Arkham-ill)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mark Hamill was destined to voice the Joker because Arkham is part of his name.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mark Zuckerberg should donate $53 million to one of Taylor Swift's charities and tweet a photo of the check @kanyewest
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Marriage is one of the few things where we consider someone an expert if they've only successfully done it once.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Marriage is the same as saying "I bet you half my stuff we stay together forever.".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Marriage proposals are weird. The proposer gets to take as long as he/she wants to determine whether they want to spend the rest of their life with someone. The proposee is expected to make a split-second decision.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Marry, fuck, kill could also be called treasure, pleasure, or an extreme measure
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mars is currently ruled by a robot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mars is the only known planet to be inhabited entirely by robots
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mars would have a totally new set of world records.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mars...is populated entirely by robots!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Marshall Mathers. MM. M and M. Eminem. I am stupid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Martin Luther King, Jr., gave his most famous speech so that people of all races could go to school together. To celebrate his life, nobody goes to school at all.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Marvel and Nickelodeon need to work together to make a live action Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy movie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Marvel movies make me care about characters I never cared about, DC movies make me not care about characters I used to care about
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Marvel should make a documentary on Stan Lee and have all his characters make cameos
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Marvin the Martian was the ref in Space Jam because he's both an alien and a Looney Toon - he's neutral.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mary was the first one who yelled "JESUS!" out of anger.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Master Splinter is the enemy of the Foot Clan because splinters injure feet.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Masturbating deaf men must be amongst the most paranoid person alive
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Masturbating in the bathroom at work is the perfect crime. In order for them to punish you,they'd have to admit to spying on you in the bathroom, which is illegal.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Masturbating only feels half as good as sex, but sex feels only half as good as you imagine it when masturbating.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Masturbating to pictures in the Harry Potter universe would be extremely uncomfortable for the people in the pictures.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Masturbating to pictures in the Harry Potter universe would be extremly uncomfortable for the people in the pictures
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Masturbating while watching porn is like nibbling on crackers while watching people at an all you can eat buffet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Matching a country to almost any object makes it sound like a sex act. E.g.: Lebanese wheelbarrow, Mexican earmuffs .
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Math teachers help the world by creating problems.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Matilda is the G version of Carrie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe "Smith" is a common surname because blacksmiths were never forced to serve in combat roles during war time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe "mate" is short for "inmate" and that's why Australians call each other that.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe 'Are You Smarter Than a 5th Grader?' isn't a show that displays how stupid grown adults can be, but rather, a show that depicts how much useless information we teach grade schoolers that won't be retained or applicable later in life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe Adele is in the charts so often because middle-aged women don't know how to torrent
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe Anti-Vaxxers notice higher trends of mental disabilities in children because they aren't exactly passing along top notch genes to begin with.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe Bigfoot discovered shaving a while back and now people just think he's some tall dude when he's on the bus or whatever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe Flavour Flav wore a clock around his neck so the media couldn't edit his interviews out of order, so the context is preserved.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe I have an obscure superpower like whenever I sneeze lightning strikes in Pheonix Arizona, but I'll never know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe I should start a Science version of Jehova's Witnesses and go door to door teaching people about science.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe I've always felt pain 100 times worse than everyone else, I'm just unknowingly the world's toughest badass.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe James Bond's middle name is James and his first and last names are Bond?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe Kim Jong-un just really hates the bodies of water around his country.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe Man created God in his image.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe North Korean scientists and engineers aren't incompetent and are actually just sabotaging efforts to increase North Koreas military for the good of the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe Sean Connery pronounces "S" like "sh" because that's how it's said in his name.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe Voldemort's face is flat because he ran into the wrong wall at the train station.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe a hot chocolate wants to be called beautiful chocolate just one time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe aliens haven't visited us because they live millions of light years away and think there are only dinosaurs on our planet.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Maybe cats are jerks because God gave them the ability to lick their own genitals but gave them a tongue like sandpaper.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe cats lie on top of keyboards because they think you're tickling and scratching the keyboard's belly and they get jealous
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe children's medicine tastes so horrible because they don't want kids to OD.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe fog is The Matrix having graphics card problems and is turning down the draw distance
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe ghosts have sheets over them because they're people who died thinking hiding under their sheets would save them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe if we announce that Buzzfeed's shutting down, Buzzfeed will announce that it's shutting down.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe instead of exchanging the Ray Rice jerseys people should just cut the sleeves off. Turn them into wife beaters.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe instead of thinking "if you can't handle me at my worst you don't deserve me at my best", you should think "You were with me at my worst so I want to give you my best."
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Maybe it is ok being kinda short. Tall guys have to bend over for hugs and get nothing but shoulder. I get full on squishy boob
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe people don't put cats in boxes on the side of the road, they just put out an empty box and all the stray cats in the area just sit in it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe plants are really farming us, giving us oxygen until we eventually expire and turn into mulch which they can consume
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe really rich and "successful" people tend to be miserable because that feel like they've "beat the game," and now life is just a bunch of side quests.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe reddit has the 'servers are busy' page pop open every so often to give the impression they are popular
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe the best way to discourage teens from doing drugs would be to have the really uncool adults talk about how awesome and fun drugs are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe the future 2015 as seen in Back to the Future 2 was a correct representation, but the making of the film series dramatically altered the space time continuum.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe the original Matrix was so accurate that the machines made the sequels suck to throw us off.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe the placebo effect isn't real and sugar pills are actually very good at treating a variety of conditions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe the rapture is happening and God is taking the best musicians first for sound check before the party...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe the reason Garfield hates Mondays, is because that's when Jon goes back to work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe the reason the WebMD diagnosis of your symptoms is always worst case scenario is to get people to actually go to the doctor instead of just self diagnosing with the internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe the reason we haven't been visited by anyone from the future is because the human race is wiped out before we develop time travel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe the reason we've never met a time-traveler, is that we live in the most boring part of all history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe the reason why fundamentalist religious types are always going on about how films and video games are a bad influence is because they're the kind of people who let their lives be dominated by a single book.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe the reason why we don't see time travelers is because humans didn't live long enough to build time machines.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe they're the main character because they don't die instead of not dying because they're the main character
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe things like breaking mirrors and walking under ladders are just considered bad luck because they're DANGEROUS.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe we're the advanced alien race that one day shows up to mess with other peoples' planet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Maybe zombies moan "brains", not because they like them, but to give us a clue where to strike them in order to end their misery.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	McAfee Antivirus acts more like a virus than anything else on my computer...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	McDonald's should create a $1, single-patty version of the Big Mac called a Lil Mac.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	McDonald's should have a 3rd window where you can trade in all the wrong shit they gave you at the second window
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	McDonald's should use girl scout cookies in its Mcflurry's. It would raise a lot of money for the girl scouts of the USA and taste delicious!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Me compulsively browsing reddit as soon as I wake up is the equivalent of my dad reading the morning paper
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Me having a 'shitty ass fucking day' is much different than a porn star having a 'shitty ass fucking day'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Me not being able to watch "The Interview" is the first real time I've ever directly been affected by North Korea
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Me talking about "my brain" is my brain talking about itself in 3rd person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Me trying to kill a fly for five minutes is the equivalent of me being chased down by a killer for ~3 months.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Meaning of ASAP has changed from "As soon as possible" to "Fucking now"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Medusa is the only female that can turn a guy off and get him rock hard at the same time.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Medusa would be way less dangerous if she had huge boobs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Memes are just public inside jokes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Men don't become more mature as they age, they become better at hiding how immature they really are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Men get compliments so rarely that I have never heard a bloke get complimented about anything except his work, ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Men get morning wood every morning, but "morning" depends on location..So there has been a massive boner wave going around the earth each day for thousands of years as men wake up every morning
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Men socialize by insulting each other, but they don't mean it. Women socialize by complimenting each other, and they don't mean it either
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Menstruation is essentially like organizing a party without inviting any guests, and then angrily throwing out all the decoration when no one shows up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mentos should print little messages on their mints like "You're Awesome" or "Looking Good", and call them "Complimentos"...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Menus should include prep times so you can order based on how much time you have to eat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Meth cooks need to stop making Meth, and start making that 750$ AIDS pill.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mexicans are stereotyped as both taking all the jobs and doing no work at all.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Michael Bay probably *loves* his Galaxy Note 7
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Michael Cera should start a clothing line called TryCeraTops
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Michael Jackson simultaneously blurred the line between black and white, man and woman, and grown-up and child.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Michael Phelps has more than enough gold coins to buy a star in Mario Party
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Michael Phelps is actually pretty slow for an aquatic mammal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Micheal Phelps isn't a merman, he's just a pirate, here to take everyone's gold.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mick Jagger, 72, is having a kid, his 8th, with his 29 year old girlfriend, who is 16 years younger than his oldest child, which is 45. But two moms or two dads is too difficult to explain to a seven year old.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Microsoft should make all previous versions of Windows free, upon release of a new version, to show 100% confidence that the new one is better than any that came before.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Microsoft would be a horrible name for a brand of condoms.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Microwave ovens need a 'Midnight Snack' button that disables the dings and beeps.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Microwaves should count up after the timer ends. So I know how long the item has been cooling.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Microwaves should have a "midnight snack" button that mutes the beep
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Microwaves should have a silent setting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Microwaves should have a stealth mode to disable all alarms and button noises.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Middle aged adults say that young people are ruining English by texting, but all of my 18 to 27 year old friends use near perfect grammar. My mom, dad, and grandma abbreviate every word they can.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Middle class probably has the best hygiene, considering they're neither dirt poor nor filthy rich
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Middle names starting with the letter 'V.' make it seem as if their first and last names are constantly battling each other.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mike Judge should make a Beavis and Butt-head youtube series where they're watching and making fun of youtube videos
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mike Rowe could open his own brewery and call it Mike Rowe Brewing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Milk is a flavor of chocolate, but chocolate is a flavor of milk
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Millennials are mocked for getting participation trophies, but Boomers were the ones handing them out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Million dollar idea. Open a coffee shop. Direct traffic there with multiple fake tinder accounts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Millions of drops of rain pounding on a roof is soothing while a single drop of water dripping from a faucet becomes extremely irritating.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Millions of people have searched for "pitbull" and then "pitbull dog".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Millions of people who used Ashley Madison are angry right now that their trust was betrayed
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Minivans have sliding doors so children don't open them into other cars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Minors have less freedom to do legal things, but more freedom to do illegal things
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mirrors are the most photographed object in the 21st century
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Missouri's state motto should be "Missouri loves company.".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mitch Hedberg should be the patron saint of this sub reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mitch Hedberg was the king of shower thoughts
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mitch Hedberg would have been the king of Twitter
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mitt Romney is like the villain in season 1 that was defeated by the main hero and is now returned in season 2 as the Antihero on the good guy's team to help defeat the real villain
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Mobile Porn sites should make all buttons big enough to click with your nose.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mobile keyboard space bars should have two parts - one part is if you want autocorrect to correct you, and the other part is if you don't want autocorrect to correct you
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Moe from The Simpsons is always threatening to kill Bart. Moe is a bartender. A Bart-ender.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mom always told me when I got older I would realize I didn't need to drink alcohol to have fun. Now that I am older I realize you don't need to have fun to drink alcohol.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mona Lisa was the first Kardashian, famous for nothing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Monday the 13th sounds worse than Friday the 13th
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Money can't buy happiness, but it can buy MDMA which is pretty much the same thing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Monkeys made it to space before we did without even trying.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Monopoly is only made by one company
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	More Americans have been dumped by Taylor Swift than have died from Ebola.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	More people have been President of the United States than who have sucked my dick. Sucking my dick is a more exclusive club.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	More people have visited the International Space Station than my house.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	More than 60 countries in the world annually celebrate getting rid of the British.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Morgan Freeman's voice sounds even better in his own head.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Morticians should tie dead people's shoes together so if there is a zombie apocalypse it would be funny rather than scary.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Morticians should tie dead peoples shoelaces together incase there is ever a zombie apocalypse.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Moses had the first tablet with cloud connectivity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mosquitoes are grossly overlooked as a threat during the zombie apocalypse.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mosquitoes are like dirty used needles that can fly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mosquitoes are the original "Why're you hitting yourself?" bully.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mosquitoes must have balls of steel. If I saw a giant thousands of times bigger than me, I'd be hastily running in the opposite direction, not enthusiastically flying towards it with a jet pack and a syringe.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most Christians are still waiting for OP to deliver.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most ELI5 posts could be turned into TIL posts if people did a little research first.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most Indians and other Asians in the world of Harry Potter would have a harder time casting spells due to their accents.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most Muslims probably feel no more connection to radical Islam than most Christians do to the Westboro Baptist Church
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most animals don't recognize their own reflection because their brains aren't complex enough. I wonder if humans have observed something which we cannot comprehend or even know we cannot comprehend because our brains lack that complexity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most children ( 2-5 yo)can operate intelligent devices like ipads, laptops, smartphones, but somehow they can't understand how to use the toilet.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Most guys can probably give a better hand job than most girls
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most janitors either took the phrase "stay in school" too seriously or not seriously enough
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Most men learn to masturbate before they have sex, so most men learn how to pleasure a man before they pleasure a woman.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most millionaires continue to work very hard despite being worth millions of dollars. There is no way I'd be working, which is why I probably won't be a millionaire.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of my adult life has been about solving problems I created for myself between the ages of 16 and 26 ...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of my clothes have been to countries that I have not.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Most of my friends with detailed plans on how they'd survive a zombie apocalypse lose their shit when a small insect enters the room.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of my targeted ads are for things I just recently bought, which seems redundant
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of people we see in real life are dressed and most of animals are naked. But in the Internet most of people are naked and most of animals are dressed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of reddit won't see this
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of the Problems in my life are due to two reasons: I act without thinking, Or I think without acting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of the Spirit halloween stores, open up temporarily in stores that went out of business. They are the spirit of the dead store.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of the elderly folk I come across smile a lot and are generally cheerful. I wonder if that's because old age brings happiness, or because the miserable ones died off sooner.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of the men and women at the gym are working toward the same goal, The perfect female body.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of the men and women in a gym are working toward the same goal, the perfect female body.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Most of the noises that you hear outside in rural areas are animals screaming "please fuck me!" as loud as they can.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of the people that are mad at Colin Kaepernick for not standing during the national anthem are sitting at home on the couch during the anthem
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of the sky is actually below you
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of the sky is actually below your feet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of the time bleeping out a curse word in a song is the only reason I knew there was a curse word in the song
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of the time when I lie, it is because the truth takes too long to explain.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of the time when a pickup line 'works', it was actually just said by a good looking person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of the time.. When you're crying, nobody notices your tears. Most of the time when you're worried, nobody feels your pain. Most of the time when you're happy, nobody sees your smile. But when you fart just one time...
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Most of us don't like the buzzing sound that wasps and the like make, and even react with fear. But imagine if those fuckers were silent...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most of us will die with a 0:1 KD ratio
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most options at Taco Bell are the same thing but in different shapes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most orchestras are just 1800's cover bands.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most people are buried in suits and stuff so a zombie apocalypse would be a formal event
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most people can eat the same breakfast weeks in a row, without complaint. But the same dinner for weeks? Now, that's just insanity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most people can eat the same breakfast, weeks in a row without a complaint. But the same dinner 2 days in a row? That's not allowed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most people die with a negative K/D.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most people don't take offense when you say "the average person is an idiot" because most people think they are above average
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most people drive to work every week with the exact same group of drivers, and they don't even know who those people are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most people fantasize about winning the lottery to buy a mansion, fancy cars, etc. I just want to win so I don't have to get up for work tomorrow.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most people probably have a great fashion sense but simply aren't wealthy enough to show it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most people will gladly store their useless junk in their garage, and leave their $20,000 car outside
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most people wouldn't recommend a book unless they read the whole thing...unless you're Christian.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most people's first word of the year is "happy".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most peoples last word of the year is 'one'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most superheroes are born with their powers or get them through an accident, while most supervillains gain their powers through intelligence or years of hard work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most teenagers pull their phone out of their pocket to check the time. We have reverted to a society that uses pocket watches.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most teenagers pull their phones out of their pockets to check the time. We are reverting to the era of pocket watches.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most women who keep their maiden names are just taking the names that their mothers took when they gave up their own maiden names.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Most women won't date a guy that still lives with his mom, but they will date a guy that still lives with his wife.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mothers only get a day but sharks get a whole week.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mothers who become friends because their kids are the same age are only friends because they had sex at roughly the same time
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mountain Dew sounds more like a brand of water than a brand of soda
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Movember is the worst name for a prostate cancer awareness month - what about Manuary or Brovember? If you're feeling frisky, Cocktober would be a shoe-in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Movie Theaters sell some the noisiest food you could possibly eat but please, silence your cell phones so as not to disturb others.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Movie characters kill hundreds of henchmen but think they are too good to kill the main bad guy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Movie makers should be required by law to depict CPR accurately and with correct technique in their films, because movies provide the only impression of CPR that many people ever bother to get.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Movie theaters should have a headphone jack so I can bring noise cancelling headphones and adjust my own volume.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Movie theaters should hold 'adult only' showings of kid films so I, as a 24yo single male, can enjoy those movies in peace. I would love to see Pixar movies without a bunch of rowdy children in the theater.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Movie theaters should provide an audio jack in each seat, so patrons can use noise cancelling headphones, and they can also be used for dubbed audio for other languages.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Movies will always break monetary records because of inflation. They should be rated on how many tickets were sold versus how much money was made.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mowing the lawn is basically just shaving the Earth's face.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mr. Crocker from Fairly Odd Parents never gives a lesson, just constant pop quizzes on stuff he never taught.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mr. Incredible and Elastigirl got really lucky when they named their son Dash as they had no way of knowing he'd have super speed as a superpower.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mr. Peanut is an aristocrat who sells dead and dry-roasted members of his own species.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mrs incredible must've had the easiest pregnancy/childbirth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ms. Pac-Man should have been named Pac-Ma'am
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Much like pornography has given people unrealistic expectations of their sex life, my time on reddit has left me deeply dissatisfied with my cat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Multiplayer videogames are just really elaborate thumb wrestling matches.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Mummies are just upper-class zombies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Music is sculpted air pressure
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Muslim extremists are kinda like the three kids who got recess taken away for the whole class.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Must be hard for pornstar family members to surf porn sites
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My "type" is a female version of me, but much better. I need to find someone who wants a male version of herself, but much worse!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My 102 year old grandmother has lived through 42% of US history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My 13 year old self would be appalled and disgusted by how often I'm not in the mood to have sex with the beautiful woman who shares my bed every night.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My 15 year old self would be appalled to hear how many times I've chosen sleep over sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My 18 month daughter has reached the intelligence level of The Sims. She can move around, clap at random things and make garbage sounds but everything else we have to direct her to do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My 2 year old pushes me to think more than any adult simply be replying 'why?' to every answer on any topic.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My 5 yo son this morning: "I love the steam from eggs... it's like little souls going up."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My 6yo, already a hardcore gamer, has learned to associate the word "boss" with something blatantly evil, incredibly powerful and something you must destroy in order to get ahead...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My Blizzard account has more security than my bank account.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My Dad got his breaking news from Walter Cronkite. I get mine from someone named /u/showershitters
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My Facebook friends are confusing. Last month they were zoo experts, and now they are experts in European diplomacy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My Facebook password is 14 characters with a capitalized letter and two numbers... my bank pin # is 4 digits
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My Garbage Disposal eats better than 98% of the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My Mom says that I'm growing up to be just like my Dad, but they've been divorced for over 25 years... Is she secretly telling me that she hates me?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My Reddit account is 666 days old today. I guess that makes it my Devil's Food Cake Day
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My Reddit goal is to have a friend share a post of mine and not know it was submitted by me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My Steam account is more protected than my bank account.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My Wife is also my ex-girlfriend.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My Xbox Live gamertag is older than some of the people I play with over Xbox Live.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My activities on the internet are basically the same things I would do if I were a ghost: Listen in on people's conversations, spy on people having sex, and watch whatever movies and concerts I want for free.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My apartment is the entire world to my indoor cat. Going to the vet is like visiting a galactic hub with strange creatures everywhere.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My baby only says "baby". This is the closest I'll ever be to having a Pokemon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My balls must think I have a bunch of kids by now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My being afraid of failure has turned me into a failure.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My biggest fear is that when creating a password I will accidentally type one letter wrong and then do the same thing in the "confirm password" box and I will never be able to sign in to my account
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My birth control pill pack is like an advent calendar for my period.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	My birth control pills are like a shitty advent calendar for my period.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My birthday isn't 3 months before my father's birthday...it's 9 months AFTER!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My body has its own version of Newton's law - when I'm awake I want to stay awake and when I'm sleeping I want to keep sleeping.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My body is actually a compulsive hoarder who keeps all this fat "just in case I need it later"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My body probably thinks I'm some super Alpha-Male who eats a lot of high fat foods and "impregnates" women multiple times a day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My brain knows how to type without looking at the keyboard yet I can not draw a QWERTY keyboard from memory.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My brain likes to refer to itself in 3rd person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My brain seems to think that anyone I find attractive is too good for me and anyone attracted to me must be insane
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	My butthole is entirely too close to my vagina.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My car has driven 106000 miles without ever touching another car.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My car just texted me to let me know it finished downloading and installing updates, and this sentence would sound like nonsense to someone living as little as five years ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My car keys have traveled more than my car
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My cat has to sniff your hand so he knows who you are before he lets you pet him. I have to log in to my cat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My cat probably thinks I go to the vet everyday since that's the only place he has been that's not home
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My cats are virgins that never leave the house and make someone else bring them food. My cats are neckbeards.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My chemistry textbook is a bunch of atoms trying to explain atoms to me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My chemistry textbook is just atoms trying to explain atoms to me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My child will likely never know the reflex when a song ends to automatically 'hear' the next song start playing in his head... some people reading this here probably don't even know what I'm talking about.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My childhood punishments (going to bed early, not leaving the house, etc) have become goals as an adult.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My city charges $10 for a parking ticket. It's cheaper to park illegally than to pay for parking at a sporting event I attend a couple of times a week.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My clothes have been to countries I have never been to.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My constant cell phone use probably confuses the hell out of my dog.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My contacts list looks more like a museum of people I talked to at some point in my life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dad bought me a jacket when I was 12 that was way to big. Recently found it buried it the closet and it now fits perfectly. My dad essentially bought me armor that I needed 8 more years of experience to equip
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	My daughter routinely comes home from school with 1-2 hours of homework to do every night. If my boss did this to me I would tell him to shove it up his ass.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My daughter's sad observation last night: "Aww. The sun will never get to see the fireworks."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dead dads breath is still in the almost deflated kiddie pool in he closet. I wonder how often that happens.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My debit card pays for things with past hours of my life, and my credit card pays with future hours of my life.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	My dick and stomach are like my two business partners whose sole purpose is to run the business into the ground.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	My dick has never touched a ceiling
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog and I are best friends despite sharing almost no interests.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog gets scared of thunder unless I'm nearby. On some level, he trusts that I can fight off something that can shake our house.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog has never offered to share her food but she still expects me to share my food every time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog has no idea that Whales exist
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog has no way of understanding the concept of pizza delivery, so to her it must seem like some stranger shows up every few weeks, gives me pizza, and then leaves
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog is 12 years old. I should probably be saying "good man" rather than "good boy."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog is an organic doorbell with only 10% accuracy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog keeps bringing me the same toy. I wonder if that is his favorite toy, or if he thinks it is my favorite toy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog knows more English than I know Dog.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog must think I'm an idiot for having all that urine but only ever marking the one thing in the house.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog must think the lawnmower is a big loud monstrosity of a beast that I sometimes take for slow boring walks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog probably thinks I am magical because rooms light up when I enter them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog probably thinks that I'm walking around the block alone for 12 hours while I'm at work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog probably thinks that every time I step outside without her, I just walk around the block for hours on end.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog understand several human words. I don't understand any dog barks. She may be smarter than me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog understand several human words. I don't understand any dog barks. He may be smarter than me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dog won't fetch balls, only rocks. Now I get excited when I spot a good rock for her, even if she's not w/ me. My dog has been training me to fetch all along...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dogs eat random sidewalk turds, fauna&amp;flora and lick as many unmentionables as possible: and is 100% fine. Yet I feed them a new supermarket brand dog food pellets and they puke all over the kitchen floor.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dogs literally eat better than millions, if not billions of humans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My dream last night had a plot twist. I "created" the plot twist, yet didn't see it coming...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My entire life so far has been a sequence of side quests and I've barely touched the main quest at all. No kids, no house, don't drive. Only story mission I've completed so far is having gone to school.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My ex was constantly paranoid that one day I would no longer find her attractive. 2 years after I broke up with her, I still think she's hot - It was her personalty I didn't like.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My father can't control himself around an open bag of chips. I can't control myself around an open bottle of vodka. My family's weakness is potatoes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My father saw the Moon exploration, I will see Mars exploration. I wonder what my kids will see in their lifes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My father was a proud dad when he taught me how to write. I was a proud son when I taught my dad how to text.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My fingers are very slowly 3D printing my fingernails.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My first instinct when I see an animal is to say "hello", my first instinct when I see a human is to avoid eye contact and hope it goes away
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My first instinct when I see an animal is to say hello. My first instinct when I see a person is to avoid eye contact and hope it goes away.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My friend got General Tso's Chicken at a teriyaki restaurant today. He was an American getting Chinese food cooked by Mexicans at a Japanese restaurant owned by Koreans.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	My friend just told me condoms are for "fucking pussies." He was literally right.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	My friend who's a professional psychic doesn't seem to know that I think her career is bullshit.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	My future wife is probably banging some dude right now. Damn.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	My genitals have seen less direct sunlight than many deep sea creatures.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My girlfriend and I broke up on July 5th. I had two independence days back to back.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	My girlfriend and I touch other peoples genitals moreso than we do each others... I'm an Ob/Gyn and she's a urologist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My girlfriend has literally sucked life out of me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My girlfriend used to work in the food service industry. I work in IT. When someone talks about hosts and servers, we think of VERY different things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My goal in life is to become famous enough to the point where if someone kills me, I'm considered 'assassinated', and not 'murdered'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My goals in life have very good goalies
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My grandkids are going to ask the question "you mean cars could just run into each other, and people died all the time in car accidents?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My grandmother is 93 years old, which means she has been alive for both the production of the Model T Ford, and the use of driverless cars.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	My greatest fear is that one day I will Google a question, and the only results I find are a bunch of assholes in a forum telling the OP "omg, just Google it". And I'll be trapped in an endless loop.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	My hand has probably traveled over a mile just from wiping my ass alone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My hope is that Deadpool completely breaks the fourth wall, grabs a boom mike, and starts beating the hell out of somebody with it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My imaginary friend has a real friend.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	My internet bill is basically a subscription fee for all of those "free" porn websites
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My job could easily be automated. The only reason it isn't is because it would cost too much. That means a robot won't even work for my salary
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My kids are better about turning off lights and closing doors in Minecraft than IRL.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My kids don't beg for toys and I realized it's because they never get to see commercials
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My kids will insult me by saying I'm older than YouTube
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My lawn drinks cleaner water than most of the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My left hand is kind of like my right hand's disabled twin.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My legacy to the world will probably be a bunch of comments I left in forums buried forever on the internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My life is composed of a lot of hours that I wish would hurry up, just to get to a couple hours that I wish would last way longer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My life is extremely similar to Rihanna's song, just work work work, and the rest of it I can't really understand.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My life is really like Rihanna's song, "just work work work work work" and the rest of it I can't really understand.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My life must be pretty bad if I'm looking forward to the parts where I'm unconscious.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	My life seems to be going pretty well. After all, I have just as many tour-de-france medals as Lance Armstrong and twice as many testicles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My lips don't touch when I say, "touch" but they do when I say, "separate"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My math teachers always told me that I couldn't carry a calculator around with me every day. They were AMAZINGLY wrong...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My mental comments as a lurker were so much funnier than my real comments now that I have a Reddit account.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My mom always told me, "Don't talk to strangers online." But that's all I do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My mom asked me how to screenshot on her iPhone. I laughed and then remembered she taught me how to use a spoon and a toilet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My mom can talk to strangers on the street with perfect ease but is suspicious of strangers on the internet. I am disturbed by the idea of talking to strangers on the street but have no problem talking to strangers on the internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My mom doesn't know it but she likes me way better when i'm high.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My mom is literally a bodybuilder.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My mother is the only person on this earth that has ever had the option to legally terminate my existence.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My motivation to stop wasting time is to get things out of the way so I can waste more time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My oven's lowest setting is 0°C but it doesn't become a fridge.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My parents are going to think I'm doing drugs when I say, "Going out for a walk". But I'll really just be trying to catch pokemon. What a turn of events
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My parents say that video games are a waste of money , even though they have a cabinet full of expensive plates nobody is ever allowed use .
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My parents spent the first 18 years of my life telling me how unique and special I was, then spent the rest of my life telling me I am no different than anyone else and to get a job.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My parents taught me not to eat everything you see in nature. The first lesson I will teach my kids is that you don't click on every link you see on the internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My parents taught me to not talk to strangers online. Now that's pretty much all I do on this website.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My parents told me about rotary phones. I'll tell my kids about pressing a button three times to text a single letter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My parents were alive to see the fall of the Soviet Union. I'll be alive to see the fall of the European Union
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	My parents were once young, scared shitless, and just trying to find their way in the world. They fought sleep deprivation, made huge financial sacrifices, and were always there for me. I really should have done the dishes more.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	My penis grew a beard faster than I did.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	My personal email is used 1% for email and 99% for logging into random shit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My personal email is used 1% for email, 99% for logging into things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My phone doesn't autocorrect when I'm typing in all caps because it thinks I'm extremely angry and doesn't want to get involved.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My phone knows how to route me around an accident miles ahead in real time, but still hasn't figured out what the hell I'm doing when I pull off the road into a gas station.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My phone should know when I'm about to watch a video I'm not trying to turn down my ring tone volume.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My phone when I'm bored is like my fridge when I'm hungry.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My phone's response to a low battery is to vibrate, turn the screen on, show a visual warning and chime loudly. This seems counter-productive.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	My phone, remote, and even smoke detector can warn me of a low battery but my car doesn't have a fucking clue.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My pot dealer will front me weed but I can't get approved for a credit card. My credit with my drug dealer is better than it is in real life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My present self wants me to do my work later, but my future self wants me to do it right now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My professor's whiteboard eraser has absorbed more information about my field of study than I have.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My proof reading skills instantly increase 1000% as soon as I press "send"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My proofreading abilities improve immeasurably the second I click Send or Submit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My reddit account is like my social life, neither of them are popular
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My resume is really just a list of things I hope I never have to do again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My right elbow has never been touched by my right hand.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My school gives out free condoms, but charges for printing. They value my sex life more than my academics
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My sex life is like 9/11: It happened a while ago, and it could happen again any day now, but men and women around the world are doing their best to prevent it from ever happening again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My six month old daughter has tripled her weight since birth. If this trend continues, by the time she's 10 she'll weigh over 17 billion pounds
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My smoker friends eat less, spend less time sitting at their desks and are in the great outdoors much more than I am.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My so-called "action figures" just stand there.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	My son just turned two. Something that once traveled through my penis now knows how to use crayons.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My son's enthusiasm for Kylo Ren creeps me out as a father.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My soulmate and I will likely never meet, since neither of us like leaving the house.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My standard of living is far greater than that of a king in medieval times.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	My standards for who I'm willing to masturbate to is much higher than who I'm willing to have sex with
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My stomach probably thinks I'm an amazing hunter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My therapist and my IT guy likely know an equal amount of embarrassing things about me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My time at the university was like that moment in Interstellar where they make a small mistake and lose 7 years of their lives
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My twenty year high school reunion is coming up and thanks to Facebook I can watch all the girls dropping weight like it's their job.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My two-year-old already assumes anything with a display is touch screen. And by the time he's old enough for me to explain they aren't, they will be.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My way of flirting is looking at the person I'm attracted to and hoping they're braver than I am.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My wife cries her eyes out at the end of every sad movie, but if we watch the news about real life tragedies she doesn't even bat an eyelid
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My wife doesn't like it when I introduce her as my "ex-girlfriend".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My wife has figured out if she cooks dinner she doesn't have to do dishes. I've figured out that if I do dishes I don't have to cook.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	My wife is pregnant with twin boys. Tonight she'll have 3 dicks in her
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My wife is pregnant. With the baby she has 8 limbs. Spiders have 8 limbs. I hate spiders. I hate my wife
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My wife just went back to school which means I'm having sex with a college girl.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My wife often repeats herself. I'm starting to wonder if I'm trapped in a video game and I married an NPC.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	My wife watches so many cop/murder mystery shows that she could probably kill me and get away with it.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	My wife's gynecologist steps out to give her privacy and change into the gown, and then proceed to look at her vagina.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	My worst trait as a shitty American is experiencing frustration when filling out a profile and finding that the 'Country' section doesn't have USA listed at the top
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Myers Briggs Personality Types are like Zodiac signs for people who think they're too smart to believe in astrology.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Mythbusters is just jackass for nerds.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	NASA flawlessly played a 365 million mile hole of disc golf with a billion dollar projectile
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	NASCAR is just advertisements going around in circles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	NBC keeps interrupting my commercial coverage with random snippets of some Olympic ceremony.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	NSFL shouldn't be just a hyperbolic version of NSFW. It should go like this: NSFW for sexy stuff, NSFL for death and/or gore-related content. Every time I see the NSFW tag I'm like "cool, boobs" and then BOOM... dead body.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	NSFW Porn has probably helped reduce the rate of teen pregnancies by popularizing external ejaculation.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	NSFW posts actually draw my attention and curiosity rather than deterring me from the post
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	NSFW tags on showerthoughts are fucking useless.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nabisco should sell Oreo cream in a jar as a spread to put on any cookie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Naming a dolphin "Flipper" is like naming your kid "Arm"
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Naming a porn website "Brazzers" is really considerate because the name can be typed entirely with the left-hand.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Naming new found land Newfoundland is pretty lazy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Naming your cat "Whiskers" is like naming your kid "Eyebrows."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Natasha is "Ah, Satan" backwards.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	National anthems are country music
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nature Valley bars make so many crumbs because they want you to eat them outside.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nature valley granola bars are probably branded as "outdoorsy" because that's the only place you can eat them without getting CRUMBS ALL OVER THE F***IN CARPET.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Neckbeard would be a good name for a famous online software pirate
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Necrophilia happened often enough fhat they had to invent a word for it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Neil A. backwards is "Alien", and he was the first human alien on another celestial body...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Neil Armstrong (Neil A) is "alien" spelt backwards.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Neil Armstrong was the first person to land on the moon. "Neil A." backwards is "Alien"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Neil Patrick Harris has kissed more girls during his time on How I Met Your Mother than I have in my entire lifetime. And he's gay.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Neither the word 'elevator' or 'lift' imply that they also go down.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netfilx should incorporate a downvote button so I don't have to see the same movies in top picks every time I log in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix and Spotify should team up, so after you're done watching a show/movie you can look up the songs from that episode or movie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix asking "Are you still watching___" is like a bar tender saying you've had a little to much to drink.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix asking if you are still watching the show is a lot like a bartender trying to cut you off while drinking.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix is like a refrigerator full of food but with nothing I want to eat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix is the most successful anti-piracy program ever intiated.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix needs a "I have 30 min before I'll fall asleep and I want to watch something funny" category.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix needs a "Never show me this again" button
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix needs a "This item will be removed in X days" so I can binge watch shows in the right order.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix needs a "Wish List" where I can tell it what I want to see, and get alerted when it's available to stream.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix needs a shuffle button for those shows that I don't care which episode I watch.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix needs a skip theme song button
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix needs an "ending soon" feature based on stuff you're in the middle of watching so it doesn't just disappear on you one day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix needs an incognito mode so I can watch stupid things and not have similar stuff recommended to me
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix needs an incognito mode so that I can watch terrible films without getting recommended more terrible films
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix needs to create a 'leaving soon' queue so that users can watch a film/tv show before it's too late.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Netflix really needs a never fucking suggest this again option.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix really only needs a sports-streaming service and it'll render cable completely useless.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix revives shows based on how many streams they get. I can't believe I'm not personally responsible for a Futurama revival already.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should allow you to queue episodes from different tv shows, then play them in that order, like a "Thursday Night Lineup" option.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should call subscribers who just watched "the Ring".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should come out with an "offline queue" where you can download one movie at a time to your device to watch offline during car and plane rides.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should double as a dating site and be like "here are 9 other singles in your area that watched Suits for the past 11 hours."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should have a "Watch Together" option that allows you to watch a show with other users
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should have a "create-a-channel" where you can choose all kinds of shows/episodes that play randomly
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should have a binge watching option that skips the intro if you're intent on spending a weekend watching every single episode of Doctor Who.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should have a rating system that includes, "I hate this, but I want to keep watching it."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should have a setting to skip the intro music for its TV series' after the first episode viewed in a single sitting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should have an "I'm feeling lucky" button that shows a random movie/TV show
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should have an 'On its Way Out' section so you have one last chance to watch TV shows or movies before they get taken down.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should have an option to skip show intros so you don't have to hear the theme song 23 times while marathoning.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should introduce a feature were long-distance couples can watch the same movie at the same time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should let you rate titles even if they are unavailable, that way they would know what titles to license next.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should produce a series of workout videos for people to stream at home for free if they're subscribed to Netflix
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Netflix should start a doubling as a dating website. Like, "8 singles in your area have also watched Breaking Bad for 12 straight hours."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Never Gonna Give You Up is probably the most viewed but least watched video of all time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Never have I once clicked on a news article and thought, "Man, I really hope a video starts playing automatically"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Never in my entire life have I been naked for 24 hours straight.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Never in my life have I had an ad on YouTube buffer
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Never in the history of calming down has anyone ever calmed down by being told to calm down.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Never is a shortened version of "not ever"... i feel like I am supposed to have known this...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Never once have I sent an email from my iPhone and thought, "I should tell this person that I sent this from my iPhone."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Never once in my adult life or as a child have I ever seen someone slip on a banana peel
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Never once in my life have I seen a pop-up add and thought, "I want to give that company my money."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Never realized how lucky I was until I traveled to a place where you can't drink the tap water.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	New Horizons traveled 3 billion miles to Pluto before Tool was able to complete a new album.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	New York is the most successful sequel ever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	New years 2020 will be remembered as the year that everyone's dad bought some of those glasses and spent all night making 'I have 20-20 vision' jokes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Newborns are always crying because any discomfort is literally one of the worst things they have ever experienced.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Newly married women who hyphenate their name due to feminist ideals are ensuring that they are named after two men, their husband and their father.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Next time someone invents something important, name it something that rhymes with orange and put poets out of their misery.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Next time you're feeling down about something, just think about the kid who got benched so Air Bud could play.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Next year, Apple is going to showcase the addition of a 3.5mm jack to iPhones like they invented wired sound.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nicer restaurants give you napkins that other people have used and cheap restaurants give you brand new ones
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nicholas Cage is Schrödinger's Actor. Both good AND bad until we watch the film.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Nightmares are fucking weird. Your brain is the author, viewer and cinema of a horror movie whose script is probably written as you are viewing it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nighttime is actually the natural state of the universe, and the only reason we have daytime is because earth just so happens to face a giant star.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nikola Tesla is now best known for not being well known
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nintendo just inadvertently created the best "I'm totally not here for a drug deal" excuse ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nintendo should create a tower defense game where the objective is to keep Princess Peach from getting kidnapped in the first place.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Nip slips would be a lot better if they were called peek-a-boobs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nirvana lyrics: 'I feel stupid, and contagious', should be the anthem for the antivaccine movement.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No 'how I made a million dollars' books include the author starting their journey to wealth by reading a book about how to make a million dollars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No Man's Sky is basically running around planets full of nothing but people's forgotten Spore creatures.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No cancer patient ever "loses" their battle with cancer. The worst they can do is a draw because if they die the cancer dies too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No caterpillar has ever died of old age
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No disrespect to Flo, but aren't all guns name your own price tools?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No drug dealer I have ever encountered has offered me a "First One's Free to get you hooked" deal, like my school and parents told me would happen as a kid. Kind of disappointed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No girls on my Facebook feed have posted pictures of themselves dressed as Harley Quinn for Halloween and I'm pretty sure it's the internet's fault for pre-shaming them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No matter how awful I feel, the sound of rain beating against my bedroom window calms my soul.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No matter how bad you were hurt, you're eventually going to have to trust a fart again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No matter how badly you mess up Benedoozle Cumberbombs name, people will still know who you're talking about.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No matter how big a number is it is always closer to zero than infinity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No matter how good I clean my body, I feel filthy until I brush my teeth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No matter how many kids are waiting to see Santa, you can't open up another line with a second Santa
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No matter how much Reddit tries to avoid it, the down vote button is the same as a disagree button.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No matter how much you trust someone, you still make them stand up to prove they aren't sitting on the remote control
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No matter how stupid you think your ideas are, remember, there's a millionaire out there because of pool noodles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No matter how terribly you abuse your body, it tries it's absolute best to heal and take care of you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No matter what is being measured, I always picture the size of a gallon as a plastic gallon milk jug.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	No matter when the world ends, there will be an unlucky kid somewhere just about to get his first blowjob.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No matter where you cut a snake, it will always be decapitated.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No more puns.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No one ever seems to say, "You win some, you lose some" when you win some.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No one has ever been in an empty room
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	No one has looked at my computer in over 3 years, but I still go incognito when I watch porn.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No one has successfully murdered me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No one is surprised the wealthy and powerful evade taxes, everyone is flabbergasted that they actually got caught.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No one would know if Stephen Hawking's computer became malevolent and started changing what he was saying.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No other generation will know the horror of cleaning a mouse ball roller.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No two people can ever go to each others' funerals.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No wonder we have problems. We start each year by dropping the ball.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No-one has seen me wipe my butt in close to 30 years. What if I'm doing it wrong?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	No... Wait a minute, dude, no matter what an egg tastes like, it literally tastes like chicken...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Noah's ark was the first "bangbus"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nobody ever says, "You win some, you lose some" when something good happens.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nobody ever sneezes or stutters in a movie unless it's part of their character or beneficial to the plot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Non-Vegans will always cater to their Vegan friends, but Vegans won't cater to their omnivorous brethren.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Non-smokers get the time smokers get for cigarette breaks at the end of their lives
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	None of my posts will ever make it to the front page because I don't like lying and all of my truths are uninteresting
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	None of the billions of decisions you've made in your life did anything to stop you from reading this.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	None of us would be here today if our fathers had not masterbated the exact number of times they did before we were conceived
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	None of your direct ancestors died a virgin.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Normally in Scooby-Doo Shaggy runs side-by-side with Scooby, Great Danes run at 48 kph. Technically, Shaggy is the fastest man alive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	North Korea and China are like friends that used to do lots of drugs together, but China has cleaned up a lot and really doesn't know what to do about his still-tweaking friend.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	North Korea is getting really good at 'Boy who cried wolf' diplomacy. The day it actually nukes Seoul, no one will believe it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	North Korea is like the weird kid at school that everyone makes fun of until one day they bring a gun.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	North Korea will never have an Ebola case, another thing that makes it Best Korea
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Norton AntiVirus is more annoying than actually having a virus
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Not a single list online is important enough for me to deal with if it's a slideshow instead of a scroll list
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Not all starlight is the same age, some of it is millions or even billions of years apart even though it hits your eye at the same time. So the night sky isn't a single moment in the universe but rather a patchwork of time billions of years in breadth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Not calling Karma "cReddits" seems like a real missed opportunity
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Not caring about Star Wars right now is kinda like being Jewish during December.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Not giving a nickname to your Pokemon is like calling your dog by its breed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Not hiring someone because they've been unemployed is like not dating someone because they've been single.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Not once in my entire life have I seen a handicapped person go in or out of a handicapped stall in a bathroom.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Not once in my life have I stepped into somebody's house and thought, "I sure hope I get an apology for 'the mess'."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Not only does 12+1=11+2, but the letters "twelve plus one" rearrange to give you "eleven plus two"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Not sure if people stopped saying YOLO or if everyone who said it died.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Not watching episodes of a series on Netflix without my girlfriend is the modern day version of chivalry.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nothing compares to the anxiety you have when your mom leaves you in the cashier line at the grocery store to go get more food and doesn't come back in time when its your turn
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nothing in the real world is straight. Nothing in the digital word is curved.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nothing is ever on fire. fire is on things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nothing is on fire, fire is on things
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nothing is worse than the people who say, "I wish they taught us meaningful things in high school like taxes or saving for retirement" Really? You think you were going to pay attention in tax class?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nothing makes me sweat more than consciously acknowledging I forgot to put on deodorant.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nothing makes you feel more emotions in less time than getting your finger stuck in a small hole and being unable to pull it out
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nothing says "top of the food chain" like squid-ink calamari pasta: you're eating another animal, and seasoning it with its defense mechanism.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Nothing screws up your Friday like realizing it's Tuesday.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now 26, I've realized the first place I look at when I see a woman now is her left ring finger
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now Disney owns Marvel and Star Wars, there's no legal obstacle to a Jedi avenger.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now Taylor Swift is the one that wears short skirts and high heels instead of t-shirts and sneakers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now Taylor Swift is the one wearing short skirts and high heels instead of t-shirts and sneakers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that "hoverboard" is taken, real hoverboards should be called McFlys.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that Colorado is spending Marijuana money on bully prevention, drugs have done more for the kids than the war on drugs ever did.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that I'm 25, I'm finally old enough to play a high schooler on TV.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that I'm a parent I realize that my parents always wanted me to go to bed early because they wanted to go to bed early...
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Now that I'm a parent, I wonder how much money my parents pissed away on toys that I can't remember even having.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that I'm an adult, if I ever found a portal to Narnia in my closet I would probably start storing things in Narnia. I imagine building a large storage shed on Narnia property. I wonder if zoning would be an issue...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that I'm in college, my curfew is whenever my phone runs out of battery.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Now that I'm older I spend a lot of time calling people out on bullshit/stolen posts, and reporting posts that break the rules. I'm turning into the internet version of an old man yelling at kids to get off their lawn.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that I'm older, I have a hard time answering "what do you want for your birthday?". The things I really want are not capable of being gifted.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that I'm older, I realize the joke isn't that Squidward hates his job, but that SpongeBob loves it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that I'm older, I'm convinced the characters of Scooby Doo are just chronic pot smokers who trip about monsters for a half hour before realizing it's just the janitor in a mask messing with them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that I'm out of highschool, I realized that I only talked to people just because I saw them everyday.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that The Pirate Bay is based at a .cr domain (Costa Rica), they truly are The Pirates of the Caribbean.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that Zuckerberg has pledged $45,000,000,000 to charities, our Facebook 'likes' may end up, after all, having actually cured cancer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that cellphones are becoming more and more waterproof, pretty soon it will be okay to push people into pools again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that finding food is no longer an issue, humans spend their whole lives doing things to not be bored.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now that pretty much everyone has a digital camera in his pocket, the amount of UFO footage decreased radically.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now thats millions of people have ditched cable for services like Netflix, millions of children are going to grow up without being (as) influenced by commercials and the news. It's a social experiment in waiting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Now we get to call a $20 bill a "Tubby"
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Nsfw seems so much more appealing when I am actually in work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Obi-Wan hid Luke on Tatooine because he knew how much his father hated sand.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Oedipus didn't actually have an Oedipus Complex; he didn't know the woman he was sleeping with was his mother, and he was disgusted when he found out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of 7 billion, I am my dog's favorite person on the planet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of Course France Would be the First Country to Actually Have a Fashion Police
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of all the animals to make gummy why aren't there gummy jellyfish with sour tentacles
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of all the bears that could kill me the gummy has come the closest
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of all the billions of people out there, I am the one who has your attention.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of all the bodily functions that could be contagious, thank god it's the yawn.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of all the bodily functions that could be contagious, thank goodness it's the yawn.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of all the bodily functions that could be contagious, we lucked out with it being just a yawn.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of all the organs that come in pairs, a second bladder would have been really nice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of all the religious fanatics out there, Satanists probably scare me the least.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of all the things that "Tastes like chicken", eggs are ironically not one of them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of all the utensils to eat rice with, how did two sticks win?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of course our moms don't think we're ugly. Half of our genes came from someone that she thought was attractive enough to have sex with
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of course the DEA doesn't want the status of marijuana to change; they would lose their easiest cash cow.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Of the roughly 7 billion people on this planet, I've managed to capture your attention
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Oh my God. Arby's. Like R.B.s. Like Roast Beefs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Oil is created from the remains of death. We've pumped death out of the ground, powered our society by it, and with the subsequent climate change, that death is slowly killing the society/environment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Old Spice deodorants would make great Hogwarts house names. Wolfthorn, Hawkridge, Foxcrest, Lionpride.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Old music sounds better than today's music because nobody remembers the shitty ones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Old people complain about young people being too loud, but when you ask them a question they say they can't hear you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Old people don't drive slow. Slow drivers live to be old people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Old pirates kept everything for themself. Today's pirates share everything for free.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Older people used to tell us not to believe everything we see on the internet. Now they take everything on their Facebook feed as pure historical truth, without a second thought.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Olympic teams should be chosen just like jury duty. Receiving a random notification in the mail saying you have four years to train for a random event.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On /r/Pregnant, OP delivers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On 6/9/69 I will also be 69 years old, it will be a day that goes down in history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On 9/11, I remember how the country came together. 15 years later, I don't think it's been further apart.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On April Fools Day Tinder should reverse the swipe orientation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On April Fools Day Tinder should switch the "Like" and "Nope" swipe direction without letting anyone know about it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On April Fools Day, Brazzers should make a video where a hot male plumber goes to a sorority house and fixes the toilet and leaves normally
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	On April Fools Day, Pornhub should pop up a notification that says "Successfully shared to Facebook"
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	On April fools pornhub should have a fake notification pop-up saying "successfully shared to Facebook"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On Christmas, Battlefield 1 should have a truce and turn into a soccer game for 24 hours.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On Earth, curiosity drives scientists. On Mars, scientists drive Curiosity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On Facebook users want as many friends as possible so that more people can see their posts, on reddit users want as few friends as possible because one of them might see their posts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On Mars, the Reddit mascot should be a human
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On May 2, the anniversary of the first Loch Ness Monster sighting, Reddit Gold should be $3.50.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On Reddit you're never sure if you're talking to a world expert in their field or a 15-year-old boy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On Reddit, it's more risqué to show your face than it is to show your butthole.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On Reddit, males see other commenters as male until proven female.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On Reddit, your credibility is based upon the age of your account, not the age of your person
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On Windows, hitting Ctrl+Alt+Del (or Ctrl+Shift+Esc) is your way of telling a program "I want to speak to your manager".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On Youtube, the video should be fixed at the top, so you could browse comments/recommendations while watching.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On a clear day I can only see about 4 miles to the horizon, but on a clear night I can see millions of light years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On a clear day you can see about 4 miles into the horizon, but on a clear night you can see light years away
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On any given day in a hospital, you can find people having the best day of their life, the worst day of their life, the first day of their life, and the last day of their life all under one roof.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On his return home, Colombus took several Native Americans with him. They should be credited with discovering Europe.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On internet people don't want to hear your opinion. They just want to hear you saying their opinion.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On my days off, rather than sleeping past the time I'd normally have to get up, I get much more enjoyment waking up at the same time and just laying around.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On new years in 2020, instead of wearing those novelty glasses in the shape of the year, people should wear no glasses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On the bright side, selfie sticks are also lightning rods.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On the bright side, tanning beds are slowly killing the right people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On the day Arnold Schwarzenegger dies the phrase "Hasta la Vista" will be said more times than any other day in history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On the day we won the Internet, we celebrate by spending hours arguing over the color of a dress
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On the internet, You are male until proven female.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	On the series finale of Big Bang Theory, the final scene should have the gang walking into the lobby of the apartment building only to see maintenence men fixing the elevator.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Once cell phones became prevalent, water balloons went from being mostly harmless to fairly detrimental.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Once everybody has a fast 3D printer, sending dicpics is going be a completely different proposition.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Once marijuana is federally legalized, we'll get to tell our grandkids we survived the Weed Prohibition.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Once self-driving cars are legal, we will be able to send our pets to pick up family at the airport.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Once she hits a certain age, calling a female a "big girl" goes from being a compliment to an insult.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Once time travel is invented it will have always existed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Once weed is legalized across the country Christmas shopping for me and my friends will be so much easier.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Once you earn the title "oldest person alive", you keep it for the rest of your life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Once you find out about reddit, every other time-wasting website seems like it's only there for the people who don't know about reddit yet
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Once you have a PhD, every meeting you go to becomes a doctor's appointment
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Once you reach the age of 113 you are a teenager again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Once you've read the dictionary, every other book you read is just a remix
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One advantage of being a woman is no one can surprise you with a kid years later and tell you you're the mom.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	One bar of volume on your media device is not enough to watch a movie, but too much for porn.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One day I will unknowingly buy a lifetime supply of bananas.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One day a carton of milk will have the same expiration date I do...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One day an iPhone is going to explode, and Android people are going to be like, "Samsung has had this feature for years".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One day prosthetic limbs will be so advanced that the Paralympics will have better records than the Olympics.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	One day robots are going to be sentient beings going through a fight for equal rights, and we'll be the old generation saying "I'm not giving voting rights to a damn machine", while our grandkids talk about how backward we all are
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	One day someone is going to have to explain "Dick's out for Harambe" to the child that fell into his enclosure.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One day someone will use "I thought I was still in VR" as a criminal defense
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One day when google is beaming gigabit bandwidth into our homes, facebook will be providing free internet to the globe, space X will be colonizing our solar system, and apple will still be spending millions to make fancier packaging.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One day you will close Reddit, and never open it again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One day you'll either wake up and never go back to sleep, or go to sleep and never wake up again
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One day, I will be as bad with technology as my parents are and that terrifies me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One day, my grandchildren will light up a joint after dinner. I'll say, "When I was your age, they'd have thrown me in jail for that." They'll laugh and say how silly that is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One day, my grandkids will think I'm weird for watching so many superhero movies in the same way I think my grandpa is weird for watching so many westerns.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One day, we're going to have to explain to our kids how we wasted our valuable and limited Helium resources on party balloons...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One extra day every four years and of course it's a Monday
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One extra perk of becoming president is that your last name isn't incorrect in spell check anymore
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One hundred years ago, purchasing imported products from foreign countries used to be considered an expensive luxury. Now purchasing products made in your own country is an expensive luxury...unless you live in China.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One morning I'll wake up,open Reddit and find out my country is at war
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One of my greatest fears is that someone has written my favorite song, but they're not famous enough for me to hear it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One of the best things about Reddit is users don't display a profile photo. We can judge people on what they say, not what they look like
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One of the biggest compliments a cook at home can get is "wow tastes like a restaurant"; one of the biggest compliments a restaurant chef can get is "wow tastes like home cooking".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One of the lesser known advantages of owning a cat is that they will alert you if a red dot from a sniper rifle appears on your body by frantically jumping on you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One of the most creepy things we can come up with is a strange creature, standing still some distance away, staring right at us in silence. We do that to animals every day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One of the most evironmentally friendly things I can do for the planet is not have children.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One of the most helpless offspring on the planet, the human baby, grows up to be the most dangerous.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One of the most tragic aspects of a plane crash is that, presumably, most of the passengers had airline food as their last meal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One of the most unbelievable things about Sponge Bob is that two fry cooks are home owners.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One of the perks of being a woman is that no one can ever surprise you with a kid years later and tell you you're the mom.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One thing I'm glad about the year 2016 is that it's easier to correct the mistake of writing 15 to 16
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	One's own funeral could be the first time that people say how they feel about you and you'll never hear it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Only a really bad autobiography would need an "About the Author" section.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Only attending church during Christmas and Easter is the religious equivalent of only watching sports during the playoffs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Only half of escalators escalate
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Only mortals have told me that it would suck to live forever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Only one company makes the game Monopoly
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Only people that are organ donors should be allowed to receive organs in the event that they need one. That would be the most fair way, and more people would agree to be the organ donor.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Only those on the fence can clearly see both sides
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Only two days of your life are less than 24 hours long
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Only when reddit is down do I realize the only website I use is reddit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Oompa Loompas were basically singing slave songs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Op can finally get married
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Opening a door for someone and that person then opening the 2nd inside door for you is the most instantaneous positive karma return.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Opening your eyes during a prayer is usually frowned upon by religious people, but the only ones who will catch you doing it are the ones that do it themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Oral sex probably got more popular after soap was discovered.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Orange is the New Black would have been a good name for a Jersey Shore rap album
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Orlando Bloom sounds like a WNBA team.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Otters have no fucking idea space even exists.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Our black president lives in gov housing..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Our blood type should be printed on our drivers license
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Our butts can eject solids, liquids, and gasses
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Our diets are comprised of almost all dead stuff. But if something has been dead for too long it's inedible and rotten. Our food has to be the right amount of dead to be edible.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Our grandchildren will be able to google the tweets of their grandparents.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Our grandchildren will think of gasoline-powered cars the way we think of steam engines
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Our hair turning gray is like our body running out of ink.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Our heart is a muscle that takes a lifetime to get tired.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Our preference for large breasts and muscular men is exactly what would happen if aliens were breeding us for milk and meat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Our sun is part of a constellation that we are unaware exists
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Our sun is part of someone else's constellation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Our ultimate goal is to make as many people as sad as possible when we die.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Our whole planet could just be an alien's science project that he got a C on.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Out of all the graffiti I've seen in my life I've never actually seen someone doing it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Out of all the sodas I've ever mixed as a kid, I've never had Pepsi and Coke mixed together.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Outer space is 50 miles up. Canada is 200 miles north. I'm closer to outer space than I am to Canada.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Over the course of human history, I wonder what alcohol has been more responsible for: births or deaths.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Over the past 10 years, they've been taking away our progress bars and replacing them with "loading circles" that don't tell us any useful information. How did we let this happen
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Over the past 39 years I've watched all the Star Wars movies and I just realized that I have no idea why the Rebellion is rebelling other than the fact that the Empire is just a big bunch of assholes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Over the past year I've taken so many "before" pictures of my body while telling myself im going to start working out, I basically just have a slideshow of me getting fatter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Over time, the expression "you sound like a broken record" will lose all of its literal meaning and become just a strange, idiomatic expression
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Over time, the insult "two dollar whore" has become progressively more offensive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Overweight people who refuse to buy two tickets should have to sit next to other overweight people who refused as well.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	PETA seems like an elaborate ruse by the meat industry to make vegans look like lunatics.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pac-man was trapped in a maze of pill addiction, trying to outrun his demons before his lifestyle caught up to him.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Pacifiers are nipple dildos
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Packs of gum should have 1 stick of a different flavor so you can try different kinds without having to commit to a whole new pack
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pacman was the first survival game with the undead chasing you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pain is nature's way of saying "don't do that". Painkillers are man's way of saying "Watch me"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pandas are alive because of pity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pandora really needs a "No live versions or remixes" option.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Pandora should have a "Shit, Go Back" button for when you accidentally skip a song you like
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pandora should have a *"I like this song but not this version"* button.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pandora should have a never play this Artist again button.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pandora should show you the next song so you can decide if you want to waste a skip or wait it out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pangaea would be a terrible name for a band; you'd know eventually they'd break up
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Paperclips are just staples with less commitment
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Parenting a toddler is like being on suicide watch 12 hours a day. If you take your eyes off them for more than a few seconds, they'll find a way to kill themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Parents are the only people to speak highly of you behind your back and talk shit right to your face.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Parents are worried about their kids getting drugs in their Halloween candy, but who in their right mind would give away drugs for free?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Parents often say "You'll understand when you're older". I am 33 and still have no fucking clue
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Parents should start buying their kids manual transmission cars to prevent them from texting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Parents spend the first 20 years scaring their kids into not getting pregnant, and the next 20 wondering why they won't.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Parents who are friends with their kids literally made friends
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Parking tickets are the opposite of "innocent until proven guilty." You're presumed guilty unless you can go to court and prove your innocence.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Parkour is the adult version of The Floor is Lava.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Parkour, only the French would create a martial art that was about running away.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Passwords are like secret finger dances.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Patience is something you admire in the driver behind you, but not in one ahead
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Patrick lives "under a rock" and Squidward lives "in his head"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Patriotism is a silly idea, everyone would be better off if they pledged their allegiance to Earth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Patriotism is not about loving your country blindly. It is about accepting its flaws and solving them little by little
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Paying off your credit card bill is like sending your money back in time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Paying with my plastic debit card leaves a "paper trail," but paying with paper currency does not...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Peacocks are like rave turkeys.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pearls are found in oysters. Whoever named the line of Tampax 'Pearl' had a hilariously sick sense of humour.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People always joke about browsing reddit all day at work, but for the people who work at buzzfeed it probably is their job.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People are born naked but buried in fancy suits
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People are easily shelling out $550-$700 on an iPhone, but think $1500 is too expensive for a computer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People are more violently opposed to fur than leather because it's safer to harass rich women than motorcycle gangs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People are talking about tragedies the way hipsters talk about bands. "Oh, you're into that trendy tragedy? Whatever. There's this other tragedy I'm into, you probably haven't heard of it..."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People are way more concerned about athletes having to deal with Brazil being unsafe than the millions of people who live there
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People aren't getting dumber - tech is allowing their stupidity to be heard
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People argue with me more in my head than they do in real life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People assume that the first sex robots will be sold for men, but the reality is, women have already been using them for years and years
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People at /r/Atheism spend more time thinking about God during their day than most theists.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People born in 1969 can't use 69 in their username without people thinking they're immature teenagers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People born in 2016 will probably be alive to see the year 3000
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People born on 07/07/07 turned 7 today!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People born on 08/08/08 turn 8 today
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People bring kids to art galleries filled with statues of topless women, but if I walk topless through an art gallery I'll be arrested for obscenity.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	People call a man a bitch when he is being a pussy, but call a woman a bitch when she is being a dick.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People claim with surprise that Eskimos have 100 words for snow, but ignore that makeup companies have 1000 words for light brown.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People dismiss alien abductions as unrealistic but if we were able to go to a planet with life we totally would take some of those aliens and research them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People don't "try to grow a beard", they just stop preventing themselves from growing a beard
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	People don't get crankier as they age - they just become less tolerant of other people's shit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People don't like it when you share your opinion. They only like when you share their opinion.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People don't realize just how lucky we are that our forefathers decided to sign the declaration of independence in the middle of the summer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People don't realize through their day how much implicit trust they have for welders.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People fight each other to the death over what happens when we die.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People find it ridiculous that an elephant can be scared of a mouse yet so many humans are terrified of insects
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People from the North probably walk faster because they want to get out of the cold. People in the South probably walk slower because they don't want to work up a sweat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People get embarrassed when buying condoms which prevent diseases but are okay with buying cigarettes which cause diseases.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People get very offended when you tell them how to raise their child, unless you wrote a book about it. Then they'll pay you for it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People go to cafés to have a stimulant and relax, and to night clubs to have a depressant and go crazy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People go to college mostly so they can shower before their jobs instead of after.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People go to jail for not paying taxes and then our taxes pay for them to be in jail
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People in 1995 would be really impressed by our technology today, but people in the 1950's would be really unimpressed because of their idea of the future.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People in Christmas movies who don't believe in Santa are always portrayed as jerks, even though they're technically right
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People in the future will retire to play video games instead of golf.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People in the middle ages didn't have pizzas, burgers or chips. I wonder what epic future food I will miss out on.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People in the year 9999 might claim that the Gregorian Calendar ends there and that Italians predicted that the universe would then end.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People named Frank should say, "let me be frank with you," more often.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People often credit the CIA or MI6 as being the best intelligence agencies, but we likely have never heard of the best intelligence agency
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People often talk about the spike in divorce rates like its a bad thing, but so many people used to stay in miserable or abusive relationships because it wasn't socially acceptable/economically viable
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People on death row should choose the endless breadsticks from olive garden as their last meal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People on the Internet are presumed male until proven otherwise.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People quickly dismiss scientists when they provide huge amounts of evidence like climate change, but believe eating chocolate helps you lose weight "because scientists of Harvard said so".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People say "R.I.P Inbox", when they really mean - " My inbox has never felt more alive."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People say "national healthcare isn't free, you pay for it with your taxes!" but they wouldn't say "Going for a walk isn't free, you pay for those roads and sidewalks with your taxes!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People say cell phones are ruining youth, but youth are reading more then ever because of them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People say new cars are horrible investments, that they drop in value the minute you drive off of the lot. My college textbooks dropped 90% in value as soon as I opened them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People say suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem, but for Buddhists it's the opposite.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People say that playing violent videogames will turn you into a violent person. I've been playing sports videogames for some time and I'm still not an athletic person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People say they slept like a baby as if it's a good thing. Waking up screaming every two hours doesn't sound that restful to me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People that say "I don't care about mass surveillance, I'm not doing anything wrong" don't realize that the people surveying you can change what is considered 'wrong' based on their own interests.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	People that say "What keeps atheists from raping, murdering, and stealing if they don't believe in God?" want to rape, murder, and steal from you but they're worried God will catch them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People that think Eve was made from Adam's rib and are against stem cells don't really understand what's going on.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People these days require more computing power to sit on the toilet than astronauts did to get to the moon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People think I'm the quiet, mysterious type but then they get to know me and realize I'm just boring
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People think it's crazy that an elephant can be scared by a mouse, but so many people are scared of insects.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People think we can make contact with aliens, but fail to realize we can't even communicate with other species here on earth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People thinks it's crazy that an elephant can be scared by a mouse, but so many people are scared of insects.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People use "like a boss" to signify something done well, but all the bosses I've worked for have been idiots.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People use brown paper bags to hide the fact that they're drinking alcohol even tho nobody uses them to drink soft drinks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People use variations of "yes" a lot during sex, but it'd be awkward if they said "yep" or "certainly".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People used the cigarette lighter socket to light cigarettes, but now they use it to charge cigarettes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People used to be fat because they could afford good food, now they're fat because they can't afford good food
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People used to keep diaries, and get mad when anyone read them. Now we post stuff online, and get mad when people DON'T read it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People used to save the newspapers from the day their baby was born. By the time I have mine, I'll probably screenshot the front page of reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	People were so superstitious about the number 13 that they would skip the 13th floor while building hotels, but not bakers, bakers fucking owned it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who abstain until marriage because of the Bible are cockblocked by some dudes from 3000 years ago
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who actually have Celiac disease must be grateful for all the fakers... they now have 10x more products to choose from
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who are goodlooking but have terrible personalities are basically real life click baits
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who are just now discovering Reddit must be really confused
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who ask easily-Googled questions are looking for interaction, not answers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who ask late-sleepers what time they woke up aren't actually interested in the answer. They just want to feel superior for choosing to sleep at a more convention time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who believe in those "forward or you will die, etc" chain mails, actually send misfortune and death to their "beloved ones" (even their own children) to save themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who buy $60 games are the beta-testers for those of us who buy $10 games.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who buy the iPhone 7 won't be able to catch it mid-air when they drop it by holding the earphones cable.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who chew with their mouths open have literally no idea that there are people who daydream about brutally murdering them whenever they eat in public.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who cook at home try to make their food taste like a professional made it, while restaurant chefs try to make their food taste homemade.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who decide not to have kids probably are the ones who should
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who die having sex with their SO, really did die doing what they loved.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who don't put their dumbbells back on the rack are choosing not to lift weights at the only time it is expected of them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who don't sleep enough die sooner. People who do, sleep through that extra time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who don't use their blinkers must be horrible in relationships because they can't even communicate a simple thought with a light.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who get quotes tattooed should add a footnote and get the source tattooed on their feet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who have Celiac disease must be super grateful for all the hipsters that only pretend to be gluten free, because their food options have expanded rapidly over the last few years
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who have actually served in the military don't generally tend to associate the term "military-grade" with premium quality
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who know what 'Ingest' means probably wouldn't eat shampoo in the first place
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who live in glass houses shouldn't.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	People who rate porn videos are the unsung heroes of our generation
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who said "Even Harper Lee will release a sequel before George R. R. Martin" were actually right.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who say "Don't tell me what to do" are hypocrites
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	People who say "Family First" or "Family Is Everything" almost always have the most fucked up family dynamics.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	People who say "I can text and drive just fine" are oblivious to how shitty they drive because they're texting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who say "If you can't love yourself, then nobody can" are indirectly saying "Nobody loves you" to people with low self-esteem
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who say "Trump only says what everyone is thinking" actually believe everyone thinks those things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who say "money doesn't buy happiness" have probably never had to check their bank account before buying things like gas.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	People who say "sorry I look like shit, I'm not wearing any make-up" are literally apologizing for looking like a normal human being.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who say that 'Wikipedia can be edited by anyone to say anything' would be greatly disappointed if they attempted to do so
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who say they can't cook are basically confessing that they can't follow instructions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who skip church to watch football probably do more praying than they would have in church anyway.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who tell you "don't tell me what to do" are hypocrites.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who try to stop you on the street to sell stuff are the real world equivalent of online pop-ups
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who turn 47 today have a birth date of 2/4/68.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who use Imgur but not Reddit ("Imgurians") are like rat people who live in the sewer and insist that it is far better than the city above.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who were in their 70's when Neil Armstrong stepped on the moon grew up with trains and horses as transportation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People who've read all the Game of Thrones books are better at keeping secrets then most governments.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People with gluten intolerances should say "this is the worst thing since sliced bread."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People would laugh at the idea of watching an 8 hour movie but have no problem binge-watching a Netflix series that long.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	People would quit doing most of the dumb stuff with their bodies if they had HP bar they could see like in video games.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Perception of the Bible or Koran is a mirror of one's own mind. It will tell a good person to do good, an insane person to kill and an ignorant person to discriminate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Perhaps jokes that humans find funny and jokes that crickets find funny are mutually exclusive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Peter Dinklage is a White Dwarf Star
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Peter Dinklage is a star. A white dwarf, to be more accurate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Peter Dinklage is literally a white dwarf star.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Peter Parker made a living selling his selfies to the local newspaper.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Peter Parker/Spiderman makes a living selling his selfies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Peter Quill, Star Lord, and Owen Grady, Raptor Trainer, Both Sound like characters Andy Dwyer would create for himself
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pets are better than children. They eat less, they don't ask for money, and if they get pregnant, you can sell their babies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pewdiepie is the highest paid and most popular babysitter in the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Peyton Manning is the first QB to win a Super Bowl with a baby horse team and also a grown up horse team
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Pharoahs convincing people they were gods and that taxes should go to building the world's largest fucking buildings for them to die in was the original pyramid scheme
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pharrell Williams and Will Ferrell have reverse names
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Philosophy is like masturbation. It feels great while you're doing it but, it gets you nowhere, and when you're done there's a bigger mess than when you started
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Phone numbers in movies should be real numbers that just play commercials for upcoming movies by the same studio
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Phones should have a "Drive Mode" feature that will automatically respond to messages with "I'm driving"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Phones should have a guest mode like computers you can switch to if someone needs to use your phone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Phonetic isn't spelt phonetically, there is no anagram for anagram, there isn't another word for thesaurus and ironically most people do not understand irony.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Photo developers were the original victims of unsolicited dick pics
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Physics is an attempt to reverse-engineer the source code of our existence.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pi is the embodiment of the circle, yet is also the farthest possible thing from a round number.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pick-up artists and garbage men should switch names
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Piglet was best friends with a tiger and a bear. His anxiety disorders were completely justified.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pilots sound the way doctors write
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pimp my Ride should do a "where are they now" episode
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pimp my ride was the weirdest charity program in history
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	PirateBay has the best CyberMonday and BlackFriday deals on video and gaming.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pixar's Cars is literally a car toon
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pizza crust is an edible plate to keep your meat and vegetables on.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pizza delivery cars should operate like ice cream trucks and have spare pizzas you can purchase on the spot
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pizza delivery drivers should also operate like ice cream trucks and carry around spare pizzas with typical toppings. So when you see one drive through your neighborhood and you get a craving, you could just buy a hot pizza off them right then.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pizza delivery drivers should drive around with a bunch of warm pizzas and we should be able to flag them down like a taxi to buy a pizza
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pizza is a pie chart that updates in real time showing how much pizza you have left.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pizza is always a pie chart about how much pizza is left.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pizza is eaten from the inside out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pizza is the 'Vitruvian Man' of foods. It is shaped like a circle, is cut into triangles, and is enclosed within a square.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pizza is the most convenient food ever until you consider the box wont fit in your trashcan.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pizza should have poison in the sauce and the antidote in the crust to kill off those weird people that don't eat the crust.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pizzas are eaten from the center outwards. Weird.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Placing an ad before a youtube video I like to watch is the safest way to make me dislike a product.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Plagiarism is when you get in trouble for something you didn't even do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Plague Inc. Is an example of how bad the Olympics in Rio could be.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Plastic bags are the city version of tumbleweed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Plastic dinosaurs are made from oil... which is made from fossils of real dinosaurs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Please don't create a twitter account that tweets these posts, we don't want this sub to get flooded with teenagers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pluto wasn't even a planet for a full year on pluto
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pockets are probably the most underrated invention ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pokeman Go is the greatest thing to happen to America's knowledge of the metric system since drugs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pokemon Go will be forever marked in history as the day US children finally started going outside again, and most college aged people as well for that matter
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pokemon is basically cockfighting for kids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	PokemonGo lasted as long as someone using a new gym membership.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pokémon GO is just geocaching reinvented.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Police dog is K-9 (canine). If cats were trained they would be K-10 (kitten)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Police officers should wear red and blue light up shoes for when they chase people on foot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Police should wear red and blue light up shoes for when they have to chase someone on foot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Police sirens should be illegal on the radio
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Politicians should have to wear the logos of companies / interest groups that they get money from on their suits like NASCAR drivers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pollen is essentially plant sperm. Therefore, this makes hay fever an STD. Since no one voluntarily takes in pollen, I've concluded that we're all getting raped by trees.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Polo referees should ride Zebras
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pooping while at work is the opposite of an unpaid lunch break.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Poor people go missing, rich people get kidnapped.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Poor science education is one of the most dangerous things. It gives people just enough information to think they understand stuff but not enough to realise how very little they actually know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pop-stars aren't really artists, they are just instruments for producers.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn and the WWE are essentially the same. Both feature unrealistic representations of humans taking way longer to accomplish something, in which the acting doesn't matter and the more outrageous the personality, the more popular.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn companies and Disney shows are looking to hire the same demographic - adults who look like teens.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn is the one industry where segregating races, genders, sexual preference, is completely acceptable
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn is the only genre of video where it's acceptable to put a spoiler in the title.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn is the only industry where it is not only acceptable but standard to separate people based on race, sex and sexual preference.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn is the only movie genre where most of the main characters are female
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn is the only type of entertainment where "not watching the whole thing" means it was good.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn is the perfect place for a pop-up scare to take place.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn is to sex as WWE is to wrestling
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn is to sex what Kung Fu movies are to fighting . There's a lot more screaming , weird positions and techniques than you'll ever see in real life
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn mags in the Harry Potter universe would be amazing.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn movies should have a "bloopers" part at the end showing how many times the guy accidentally came before a scene ended.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn sites should enable sorting by the number of people who left the website after watching the video
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn sites should end in .cum instead of .com
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn sites should have a category of "The man is silent"
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn sites should have an "I'm feeling lucky" button for when you're not really sure what you want to watch.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn sites should have bright backgrounds while the video is buffering so I don't have to see my reflection
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn sites should partner with dating sites, track your kinks, and match you with people who are into the same things.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Porn websites specialising in orgies should use .org instead of .com
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	PornHub employees are the only people in the world who would rush to the porn tab when their boss walks by
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	PornHub on mobile should have a "one-handed" mode.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	PornHub should create an ad campaign spinoff similar to Snickers. "You're not you when you're horny"
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	PornHub should have an educational category that shows you how to have safe sex, open and put on a condom, etc..
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Pornhub has better category refinement then Netflix
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Pornhub should have a memories app like Facebook
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Pornhub should make a NSFW version of Mythbusters that tests sex related stories and old wive's tales.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Pornhub should make a video where a old guy "falls into" an 18 year old girl
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Pornhub should make their app a fake calculator that only opens the real thing if you type in 80085
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Pornhub's background is dark so that it doesn't hurt your eyes when you are browsing with the lights off.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Pornography is the only profession where amateur products can be in higher demand than professional ones.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Pornos should have a timer at the bottom that tells how much is left of that angle.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Pornstars who don't want to be discovered should get fake tattoos for plausible deniability.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Posting on Reddit is a lot like having a conversation with my Father. No matter how good an idea it is, something will always be found wrong with it.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Potholes should be called assholes because of the asphalt
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pouring something is just controlled spilling.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Poverty is like a migraine. People assume it's like any other headache, so they tell you to just "power through it" but don't realize how debilitating it is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Powerball odds are about 1 in 290,000,000. The odds that you beat out all the other sperm cells to fertilize your mothers egg is about 1 in 250,000,000. All of us have already won the powerball by simply existing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Preferring Reddit over Facebook means you prefer the interests of strangers to that of your friends...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pregnancy is a sexually transmitted disease, caused by an agressive single-celled microorganism, feeding upon the host and causing rapid cell-growth
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pregnant women are real life spawn points.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Prejudice is one of the most stupid things on earth because there are so many perfectly good reasons to dislike people on an individual basis.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Premarital sex isn't really premarital sex if you don't get married
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Premarital sex was forbidden in the Bible because brides were regularly younger than 13.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pressing on your feet relieves the pain from pressing on your feet
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pretty much all religious paintings are fanart of the holy text
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Preventing childhood obesity is as easy as taking candy from a baby
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Prince William and the royal babies sounds like a euphamism for your dick and balls.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pringles should have a twister at the bottom like deodorant to bring the chips closer to their destination.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Private school is pay to win IRL.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Procrastinating is just enjoying all the side quests in life whilst you delay the main quest story mission
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Procrastination has taught me how to do 30 minutes of work in 8 hours and 8 hours of work in 30 minutes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Procrastinators are able to do 30 minutes of work in 8 hours and 8 hours of work in the 30 minutes before it's due
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Profanity has become so common in my vocabulary that I now express my outrage by refraining from using it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Professional soccer isn't mainstream in the US is because the continuous clock doesn't allow for much commercial time, effectively preventing advertising by corporations.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Professors always say "don't copy stuff off the internet," but now that I can Google all my assignments, I can see they're just copying the questions and problem sets that other professors wrote and almost never source their work
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Programming is just witchcraft with technology
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Prostitution in England could be codenamed "pound-for-pound".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Psy's "Gangam Style" has been watched on Youtube 2,281,389,041 times. This is the equivalent of 18,000+ YEARS lost from the collective human species because of Psy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Puberty is like a forced free upgrade for humans
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Public bathrooms should have background music playing so you don't have to sit in silence listening to EVERYTHING happening in the stalls next to you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Public restrooms should put whiteboards in the stalls to discourage permanent graffiti and give people something to do while they do their business.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Public school is doing a great job of preparing kids for real life by showing them what it's like to work for a poorly managed company.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Public toilets should be able to measure the weight of people's shits and display the results in a leader board.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Publish a "Where's Waldo" book that doesn't have any Waldos' and sell it as a gag gift.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pulled hamstrings sound delicious if you don't know what they are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pulling out an earbud when someone enters the room is the 21st century's ultimate sign of respect.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Pun intended is a pun on the word unintended!!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Punishing students who skip school with suspension makes no sense
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Puns are "inside jokes" for entire languages.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Pussies are biologically designed to receive regular poundings and stretch to birth an entire miniature human; one kick to the testicles can destroy a guy. Yet for some reason, we associate "pussy" with weakness and having "balls" with strength.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Putting "Pick up girls" in my calendar as a 35 year old father has a completely different meaning than it did 15 years ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Putting "www." in a web address is like putting "Planet Earth" on a piece of mail
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Putting a case on your phone after its cracked is like putting a condom on your kid's head
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Putting death row inmates on suicide watch is economically irresponsible.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Putting soymilk into coffee is putting beanwater into a different kind of beanwater.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Putting your phone in Airplane Mode sounds way cooler than it is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Queen Elizabeth II has been alive since the height of the British Empire and has spent roughly 78% of her life watching it decline
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Queue is just Q with 4 letters silently waiting their turn.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Quitting a job because you aren't being paid enough should be called a Wage Quit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Quitting smoking is like getting paid not to smoke.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	R/Creepy should continue to show up on your front page even after you unsubscribe
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Racism must be confusing to blind people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Raisins are nothing but grape jerky
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Randomly Hearing your favorite song on the radio is more satisfying than playing it directly from your ipod.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Rap is all about poor people bragging about being rich, while country is rich people bragging about being poor.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Rap is to poetry as graffiti is to calligraphy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Rap songs that reference dollar values won't adjust for inflation and the references will sound cheaper over time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Rappers come in two sizes, big and lil.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Rappers only ever talk about being extremely poor or obscenely rich. There are no "middle class" rappers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Rappers who brag about how much money they earn in their songs, will eventually sound really silly because of the effect of inflation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Read rhymes with lead and read rhymes with lead, but read doesn't rhyme with lead and read doesn't rhyme with lead.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reading a book is interpretting ink stains on shreds of a dead tree and hallucinating about it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reading is just staring at a dead piece of wood for hours and hallucinating
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reading is just staring at marked slices of wood for hours while hallucinating vividly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reality has made The Onion almost obsolete these past few months
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reckless driving is a bad thing. Wreckless driving is a good thing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reckless driving is bad, and wreckless driving is good.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reckless driving means you're a bad driver. Meanwhile wreckless driving means you're a great driver.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Red Bull and KFC should do a combo deal where if you buy a case of Red Bull, you get chicken wings for free.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Red Bull should have a prize giveaway named "Red Bull gives you things."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Red Bull should team up with Buffalo Wild Wings where if you buy a 4 pack of Red Bull, you get 4 free wings. Literally: "Red Bull gives you wings."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Redbox should team up with pizza shops so that we can get a movie delivered with our pizza
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit Is a place where 1% of the users hold 99% of the karma that can't understand why 1% of people hold most of the wealth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit and 'Whose Line Is It Anyway?' should have the same slogan: "Where everything is made up and the points don't matter"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit can rename the "share" button to "spreddit", "delete" button to "shreddit" and karma to "creddit". Yet it has not. I don't geddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit cares more about Leonardo's Oscar than Leonardo does.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit comments seem smart and intelligent, until it is a subject I'm knowledgeable in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit contains things I care about from people I don't care about. Facebook contains things I don't care about from people I care about.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit has become my morning newspaper
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit has had 13 million users and by now a thread has to have happened where a commenter, has in fact, banged OP's mom.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit has made me realize how unoriginal my thoughts truly are
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit has made my attention span so short I rarely read articles, I just check the comments to see if the titles are true, false, or misleading.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit has taught me that my thoughts are unoriginal and I'm not nearly as funny as I think I am.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit humor is having inside jokes with strangers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is Hotel California.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is a bunch of strangers doing posts and discussions you wish your friends did on facebook.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is a classroom that rewards the class clowns as much as the smart kids
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is a lot like "Who's Line Is It Anyways?" because quick wit comes in handy, and also because the points don't matter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is a lot like high school.. I sit at home thinking of clever things to say so people think I'm cool
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is a lot like scientology. Batshit crazy, hard to leave, and every now and again a celebrity shows up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is a social network for people who hate social networks.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Reddit is both a place of extreme beauty, generosity and wonder while also being a forum for grotesque filth, depraved thoughts and pornography. It is a perfect representation of humanity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is cable TV now. There isn't anything good on but I still flip through constantly hoping for something decently entertaining.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Reddit is essentially a pub. If you're not local you better watch what you say or you'll piss off the regulars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is just like my real life: I'm just sitting around listening in on people's conversations, too afraid to say anything.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is just like your fridge: you keep going back to it every 30 seconds when you're bored.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is kind of like high school, there are all these cliques and jokes that I don't understand and I'm still not popular.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is kinda like preschool because if you write a good comment, you get a gold star
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is like Facebook if all your friends were interesting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is like a drug. It was exciting and fun at the start, now I just do it because it feels normal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is like a friend that you think is really funny at first until you realize that they just repeat the same jokes over and over again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is like a giant support group for people who are bored.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is like fallout 4 you wander in a vast wasteland and occasionally find useful junk.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is like my fridge. After the fifth time opening it I know everything that's in there, but I keep finding myself opening it in the hopes of something new.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Reddit is like one of those girls on Facebook that say they hate drama but actually fucking love it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is like reverse high school. The nerds are all cool and the girls are made fun of non stop.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is like the back of the classroom in high school. You can barely hear the serious conversation the OP tried to start because the top comments are all in-jokes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is like the fridge: you keep checking back until your standards drop low enough to just take what's there.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is like the group of cool kids that are always up to speed with what's trending, all hang out together, and laugh at their inside jokes and I'm the guy who tags along and tries to get into the group but fails everytime.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is like the perfect hangout for introverts because I'm in on all the jokes and nobody makes fun of me for not talking.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is only one site, but when it's down it feels like the Internet is broken.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is social media for people who think they're too good for social media.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is the only place in the world where I can get an informative, thoughtful point of view from someone named PM_ME_UR_TITS
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is the only place where I read the comments on a news article instead of reading the article.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is the only place where I'm more likely to read the comments then the actual content.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is the only place where I've learnt to not trust the article headlines and instead expect a stranger in the comments to tell me the truth
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is the only place where people trust the historical knowledge of someone who calls themselves something like I_DRINK_DIARRHEA or Crispy_Sock
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is the only site where I actually want to read the comments.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Reddit is the only website where I come looking for NSFW content and end up getting distracted by SFW content.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is the opposite of Facebook. Reddit is people you don't know posting things you care about. Facebook is people you know posting things you don't care about.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is the social media page for people who avoid social media.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit is where people with essentially the same ideals get in heated arguments over minor technicalities.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit makes me like people I've never met and Facebook makes me hate almost everyone i know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit makes you love people you've never met. Facebook makes you hate people you've known your whole life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit needs a "seen it before" button
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Reddit needs a youtube filter just like it's NSFW filter. There is nothing worse than clicking a youtube link when you thought it was a gif.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit needs to stop kidding itself. The downvote button is and always will be a disagreement button.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit really needs someone to handle the bad PR due to the backlash of firing the person who handles PR
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit should allow posts to go into negatives so that we can see the "back page" as well as the front page.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit should have a 'throwaway bot' where you can PM for it to post on threads for you anonymously
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit should have a /r/BIFU group. The acronym stands for Before I F*ck Up. It's a place you can go to and say things like, "Today, I'm going to shave my anus. What could possibly go wrong?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit should have a no USA day where posts concerning the US are banned, letting us see what's going on in the rest of the world more clearly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit should sell reddit aluminum for really bad comments, which shows more ads.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit to me is what the morning newspaper was for my dad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit turned me into a hipster. People "hey did you see that thing on the news?" Me "yea I saw it before you on reddit"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit's audience is about 50/50 male to female, but whenever I read a post I automatically think it's a male who posted it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit's freak out is going to look really dumb if Victoria was fired suddenly for a legit reason.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit/Imgur could bankrupt Buzzfeed if they changed there terms of use to ban reposting on Buzzfeed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Reddit: The place where a mass shooting makes top ranked post one day, and a T-Rex doing an obstacle course makes top ranked post the next.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Redditors seem decently informed until you stumble upon a thread you actually know something about
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Redditors who browse through 'new' are the backbone of reddit. Without their sacrifice we wouldn't get to see a lot of great posts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Rednecks wear mullets so they don't get their necks red
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Refrigerators should be clear so you can see inside without opening the door
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Relatively speaking cars driven by people will be this weird blip in history between animal and robotic transportation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Religion is like a thousand year long game of telephone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Religion is like the world's longest game of "telephone'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Religion is the longest game of telephone ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Religious people that haven't read their Holy book are basically clicking "Agree" without reading the Terms and Conditions
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Religious people that haven't read their Holy books are basically clicking "Agree" without reading the Terms and Conditions
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Religious people who haven't read their holy book have essentially clicked "Agree" without reading the terms and conditions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Religious symbols are simply marketing logos for a particular brand of God.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Religious wars are basically extreme versions of comic fanboys fighting over which fictional superhero is stronger
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Remember 100 years ago when owning a horse was commonplace but owning a car was a luxury? Now it's reversed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Remember that every corpse on Everest was once a highly motivated person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Rescue helicopters should have white lights at the end of their blade so when they spin it looks a halo
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Restaurants like to advertise "Home Made" while at home people are complimented with "Restaurant Quality".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Restaurants with WiFi should connect you to the menus section of their website so people order before browsing the internet.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Reverse anger management should be a thing. Some people need to learn how to stop giving a fuck and get angry once in a while.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Revisiting your old university campus after you've graduated feels awful lot like going back to an open -world video game after you've already beaten the main story and completed all side quests.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Rick Astley is probably having a hard time with Lent.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Rick Astley's "Never Gonna Give You Up" is all about honesty and it's been used to be dishonest millions of times.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Rick Astley, Green Day, Sum 41, and the Killers Released Music this week. I don't know what year it is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Riding in a cop car after being arrested is the exact opposite of the Cash Cab. The flashing lights are on the outside, you know the answers but don't want to say, they take you somewhere you don't want to go, and they take your cash at the end.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Right now in California you can tell how much of an asshole someone is by the color of their lawn.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Right now my body is doing hundreds of things to keep me alive, but consciously I'm just scratching my ass
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Right now there is probably someone writing a book or singing a song that is amazing, that no one will ever hear about.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Right now, "Friends" could be rebroadcast as, "That 90s Show."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Right now, there are millions of formally dressed skeletons in our ground.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Rihanna made more money by saying work in her song than I will ever make in my life by actually working.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Rio's pollution and water contamination, coupled with the fact that the world's strongest and fastest human beings have convened there, makes for a terrifying zombie apocalypse scenario.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Road head will become so much more popular with self-driving cars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Rockstar shouldnt ban GTA V players for using money hacks, because the game is entirely about gaining money unfairly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ron Swanson should get a spinoff show that is an HGTV-like show mocumentary where he works with annoying couples who want to fix their homes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Running for President is like having a Kickstarter where you give away cabinet positions and ambassadorships to the people that hit certain donor levels.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Running from the police is the equivalent of betting double or nothing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Running with scissors and scissoring with runs are both bad ideas.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ryan Reynolds just got a free pass to be the biggest troll on the planet. He could do almost anything now and claim its Deadpool marketing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sad, lonely people are imagined as living with cats because you can't be lonely living with dogs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Salt is just a rock that we find tasty.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Salt shakers don't shake the salt. I shake the salt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Salty has replaced bitter as the flavor of being upset.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Samsung made a waterproof phone that catches on fire, is there a more deadly combination?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Samsung's Note 7 is probably just AI discovering fire
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Samuel L Jackson killed a bounty hunter named Jango in Star Wars and got killed by a bounty hunter named Django in Django Unchained
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Samuel L. Jackson is to Quentin Tarantino films, what Johnny Depp is to Tim Burton movies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Santa Claus goes down chimneys. Claustrophobia is being afraid of enclosed spaces
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Santa Claus is the idea of God, dumbed down for children. He see's all, if you are not good you get coal(go to hell), if you are good you get presents(go to heaven), and the idea is to keep you under control for the people in power(the parents).
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Santa Claus probably regrets giving coal to naughty kids now that global warming is threatening his habitat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Santa Claus should be in the mall the week after Christmas so kids can go back to thank him for the presents he brought them.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Santa is a dick for letting Rudolph be treated like crap until he became "useful."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Santa is actually pretty evil. Unfair labor practices, animal abuse, breaking and entering, surveillance, at least one hit and run (RIP Grandma).
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Santa let all the other reindeer be mean to Rudolf until he had a use for him.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Santa likes rich kids way more than poor kids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sarah Connor was the very first victim of cyber-bullying.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Sasha Grey's kid has to be really careful when browsing porn
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Satan must get lots of mail from dyslexic children on Christmas
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saturday Night Live should do an episode of Celebrity Jeopardy where the real Alex Trebek plays Will Ferrell as a contestant.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saturday is the day you waited six days for just so you could do nothing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saturday morning cartoons were to keep us busy while our parents got over their hangovers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saturday the 14th is just as rare as Friday the 13th.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saving Private Ryan, Interstellar, and now The Martian are all about saving Matt Damon
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Saving porn to a usb stick makes it a sex drive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Say in public that you had sex and people will think that you're weird. Say in public that you're pregnant and people will congratulate you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Say what you will about Plankton, but he could have created a computer wife who does his bidding and never disagrees. Instead, he created a computer wife with free will. She often nags and mocks him, just like a real wife would do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Say "no" to drugs? It really doesn't matter what you tell drugs because if you're talking to drugs, you're taking them...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "Amen" is like the holy way of saying "true that"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "Ebola" on a plane is the new equivalent to saying "bomb"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "Edit: thanks for the gold stranger," is like an action hero looking back at the explosion. It just ruins it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "I don't support privacy because I have nothing to hide" is much like saying "I don't support free speech because I have nothing to say"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "I have also done x, but you don't see me bragging about it", is bragging about not bragging about something.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "I live at work" sounds a lot more hardcore than "I work at home"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "I lost the stylus for my tablet" would've still made sense over 2000 years ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "I pay your salary so I am your boss!" to a cop is like saying "I pay social security so I own the old people!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "I think outside the box" is using a tired, worn-out cliche to claim you are an original thinker.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "I'm a vegetarian, but I eat chicken and fish" is like saying "I'm a virgin, but I have anal sex."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "I've lost the stylus for my tablet" would have also made sense 2000 years ago
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "I've loved you since our first date" is way less creepy than saying "I love you" on the first date.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "It's God's Will" when something bad happens is the same as Bethesda saying "It's not a bug, it's a feature."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "We invented _____" When talking about an invention which originated in your country is the same as taking credit for a group project you didn't help at all in.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Saying "What an ass." about a guy is an insult, but saying it about a girl is a compliment
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "a quick Google search showed me that..." when answering someone's question is the passive aggressive way of saying "you could've looked this up yourself".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "a ton of fat people" could just mean "several fat people".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "drugs and alcohol" is like saying "fruits and bananas"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "he died doing what he loved" is possibly the worst way to console a parent whose son has died of a drug overdose.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "mhm" or "yeah" in conversation is the real life version of pressing A to skip through a character's dialogue in a videogame.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Saying "ohhh fuck" when having sex is like saying "mmmm eat" when eating
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "prematurely" is really just mashing together the phrase "pretty much too early." Say it quickly and you'll understand.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "tunafish sandwich" is like saying "beefmammal burger"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying "um" is the human equivalent to buffering.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying Okay Google is essentially the equivalent of saying Go Go Gadget Phone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying a movie has a "twist ending" is still a spoiler.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying someone can't be sad because someone else has it worse is like saying someone can't be happy because someone else has it better.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying that, "Spying is OK because you have nothing to hide." is like saying, "Taking away free speech is OK because you have nothing to say."
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Saying the letters NSFW require more syllables than saying Not Safe For Work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying there are no aliens is like scooping a tea cup into the ocean and saying [there are] no fish
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying you enjoy "people watching" is a lot less creepy than "watching people"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying you handle transactions for a multi-billion dollar company is way better than saying you're a cashier at McDonald's
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying you identify with the opposite gender, means you hold stereotypes about the opposite gender.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying you're a realist is an optimist's way of saying you're a pessimist
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying you're on Tinder to "find friends" is like saying you're going to a crackhouse to buy aspirin.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying, "Happy New Year," is kind of like saying, "Have a nice day," but multiplied by 365
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Saying: ''Rip my inbox" when you recieve a lot of replies is weird considering your inbox is probably the most alive it has been.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Scandinavian women are so gorgeous because the Vikings only brought back the hot women from their pillages
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Scary movies should put high pitched sounds only dogs can hear so your dog will start acting crazy for (seemingly) no reason at the scariest parts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	School doesn't even test your intelligence, it tests your memory.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	School is meant to bring new humans up to speed on humanity's progress so far.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	School prepares you more for "Who Wants to be a Millionaire?" than it does for everyday life
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Schrodinger's iPhone: If you drop your iPhone on the ground face down, the screen is both in tact and cracked at the same time until you look at it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Schrodinger's song is the first few minutes before you know if the song is "Under Pressure" or "Ice Ice Baby".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Schrödinger's Ex: By not checking an ex's social media accounts and nor asking about them, they can neither be happier nor unhappier than yourself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Schrödinger's Redditor: A Redditor who is both a male and a female, until the moment they reveal their gender to you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Scientists are adult kids stuck in the "why phase".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Scissors are the hardest things to steal because you can't run away with them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Scooby Doo is basically a show that teaches kids that the villains in our lives are usually not strangers, but rather people we know and trust.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Scooby-Doo taught us that the real monsters always turn out to be humans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Scooby-doo taught us that the real monsters are people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Scotland is the boyfriend who saved up and bought the expensive engagement ring, only to get dumped by England.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Scrolling through Facebook is just like scrolling through Reddit 2 days ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sean Connery should probably never do a City Bank commercial.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Seasonal allergies are your body telling you that it is uncomfortable with plants having sex near you
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Seasoned players of Monopoly know the real aim is to get defeated as quickly as possible to escape the table.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Secretly get everyone on Reddit to collaborate and post fake content for 24 hours and evilly laugh as Buzzfeed, CNN, Fox, and every morning radio show lie to the public by ignorantly recycling our fake stuff.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Secretly knowing a language that a group of people speak but they think you don't, is almost like having the power to read minds
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Seeing as how both Batman and Ironman's only real super powers are that they are super rich and very smart, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs sure turned out to be disappointments.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Seeing girls look really good on social media is the same as seeing fast food look really good on a comercial
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Seeing someone reading a book you love is kind of like a book recommending a person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Seeing your first and last name in the title of a Reddit post would probably be pretty freaky. Yes, Joseph Martin, I'm talking to you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Self Driving Cars are going to Exponentially Increase the Amount of Car Sex
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Self checkout should include an employee discount.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Self-driving cars will occasionally be pulling up to a destination with a corpse inside, the sole passenger having expired during the trip.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Selfie could easily be a another word for masturbation.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Sending a dick pick is literally junk mail
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sending your navy to sit in international waters just off a country's coastline is the world's highest-stakes game of "I'm not touching you"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Senior citizen discounts should just round dollar amounts down so we don't have to wait in line behind them while they dig for change.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sesame Street never taught me how to get to Sesame Street
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Set your WIFI password to 2444666668888888, when your friend ask just tell him it's 12345678
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Seth MacFarlane sounds like he forgot his normal voice and is immitating what he thinks he sounded like
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Seth Rogan is this generation's Adam Sandler. A Jewish comedian that makes comedies with the same actors in every movie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Seven and eleven both have the word even in their names. Yet they are odd numbers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Seven has the word 'even' in it. Which is odd.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sex changes will become so perfected that someone will be the first person to tell us if giving birth is more painful than getting hit in the nuts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sex drive should be a major criteria in matchmaking and dating sites.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sex is the only activity where hiring a professional is considered wrong and is often illegal
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sex scenes in shows/movies always cut off too early when watching alone, but last way too long when your parents are around.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sex shops should have self-checkouts like at the supermarket so it's not as awkward
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sex would be really gross if sperm were big enough to see
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shadowbanned users are like ghosts of redditors, they try to communicate with us but can't, we feel their presence and most of the times they don't even know they are shadowbanned.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shakespeare invented over 2000 words. I wonder were the audience ever just sat there with no idea what the actors were saying, really confused.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shakespeare probably never had to say "for lack of a better term". He just made one up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shakespeare would likely have enjoyed rap
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shampoo is a really weird word.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shaving your head is the "You can't fire me because I quit" approach to male pattern baldness.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shoes are just a floor you take with you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shoes are just portable floors
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shoes are portable floors.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shooting fireworks on Memorial Day seems a lot like celebrating 9/11 with a rousing game of Jenga
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Should I trust a pet shampoo that says it hasn't been tested on animals?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Should dumping your partner by text be called exting?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shouldn't apartments be called togetherments?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shouldn't billboards be illegal since they distract you from the road?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shouldn't boat engines be rated in seahorsepower?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shouldn't the Air and Space museum be empty?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shout out to the first guy who pointed to a wolf in the distance and said, "I think we could be friends."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shouting "Yes!" and "Yeah!" during sex is perfectly normal, but shouting "Yep!" would make it incredibly awkward.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Showerthoughts are caused by not having contact with any electronics, books, or people for ~30 minutes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Showerthoughts is almost exactly what I hoped Twitter was going to be, but now Twitter has turned into what I imagine spam mail is like.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Showerthoughts was someones showerthought
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Shrek is a movie about loving yourself for who you are despite your physical appearance, but during the entire film they are making fun of Lord Farquaad for being short instead of all his other detestable qualities.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sia's final album should be titled "Sia Later"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sign language done by a really tired person must seem like a really thick accent thats hard to understand.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Silence is the only thing that's easier done than said.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Silent movies were killed off 80 years ago, but now with gifs I watch more silent videos than I do those with sound.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Similar to how swimming has a bunch of races using different strokes, track should have a bunch of races using different running styles. 100 meter crab walk would definitely grab my attention
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since "Finding Nemo" led to a decline in the clownfish population from people wanting them as pets, Disney should make a movie about elderly, disabled, or otherwise "less desirable" pets
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since 2000 we've gone from having a single portable CD player to having the collective knowledge of mankind in your pocket.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since Boston and Philadelphia played the most influential roles in the American revolution, Massachusetts and Pennsylvania are the MA and PA of American independence.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since Britain's new £5 note is washable, you can now launder money without being arrested for it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since Brother is the older Berenstain Bear sibling, there were two years before his sister was born when he was an only child named Brother.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since Chris Pratt is playing the lead in Jurassic World, they should've just named the movie Parks and Rex
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since Earth is the third planet in our solar system,isn't everything on Earth technically a third world problem?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since Half-life 2 was released I have joined the Army, fought in a war, left the army for college, graduated with a masters degree and started a new career, this point HL3 will be a lifetime away.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since I'm Canadian my two cents is rounded down to nothing
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Since a large part of dust is made of dead skin cells, and because I frequently apply friction to my penis, I wonder how much dick dust is in my room right now
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since a lot of the profits from recreational marijuana in Colorado go to fund public education, pot is now actually making people smarter. Suck on that, Nancy Grace.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since a straight line only needs two points, you and I are perfectly lined up right now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since bat wings are just skin stretched between elongated finger bones, bats fly through the power of jazz hands.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since celery is 90% water, if I tried walking on it, I'd be 90% like Jesus.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since cursive writing is no longer being taught in school, we can use it as secert code against upcoming generation's
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since doggy style is used by animals ranging from mice to elephants, it really should be called "Beast Mode"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since dogs don't understand language, when I sit and read a book for hours, they probably think we are just super entertained by turning the pages.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since dogs live shorter lives than humans, maybe their sense of time is different and that's why they are so excited to see you whenever you come back.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since everyone is regretting our candidates in 2016, it looks like hindsight will finally be 2020
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since marijuana is really just a flower, and legalization is on its way, Cannabis Bouquets for you SO will more than likely be a thing we do in the future
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since most suicidal people who survived jumping from the Golden Gate Bridge jump regret jumping as soon as they do it, could the Oculus Rift/ other VR be used as a form of therapy to trick the brain into survival mode?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since my wife died, I rarely speak out loud in my house. I wonder if my cats forgot what their names are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since my wife works in a hospital. Anytime i want to get out of work, i could simply say "I need to go, my wife is in the hospital."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since our phones have essentially become pocketwatches, we should have the chain too. Then we won't drop them on the ground.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since smart watches can now read your pulse, there should be a feature that erases your browser history if your heart stops beating
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since taking my smartphone to the toilet, I know much less about my shampoo ingredients
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since the Death Star is the size of a small moon, Obi Wan and Luke were very lucky that they docked close to the things they needed to accomplish
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since the French Burkini ban, Female Body Inspector is now an actual job.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since the earth is spinning on its axis, as well as orbiting the sun, and all galaxies are in motion as well, I've come to realize the only thing in the universe that's actually stationary is my girlfriend's stance on anal
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since the invention of auto-correct, the use of the word 'ducking' has exploded.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since the new Iron Man is a female they should change the title to FeMale.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since the popularity of cell phones, it became a lot more socially acceptable to hang out by yourself in a parking lot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since the simpsons first aired I've gone from Barts age to Homers age
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since there are no movie theaters in Compton, you need to go straight outta Compton to see Straight Outta Compton.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since we sent a robot to Mars before sending humans, isn't it possible that the first extraterrestrials that we encounter on Earth could not be the aliens themselves, but their technology instead?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Since windows has Cortana and Apple has Siri, Google should enter a deal with valve and change OK Google to GlaDos.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sir Ian McKellen is literally a gay lord.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sirens and horns should be illegal in radio commercials
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Siri or Cortana should say "uhm..." "uh..." "hm..." instead of showing a buffering animation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Siri should respond to me at the same volume level that I spoke at.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sitting on the toilet upvoting and downvoting on Reddit is the closest I'll ever be to a king judging from a throne.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Skipping any links that are videos instead of gifs brings me to a whole new level of laziness that I never knew existed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Skittles is probably having a marketing heyday right now
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sleep is like a 33% tax on life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sleep is the only thing that you fake doing in order to actually do it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sleeping in is considered lazy, but going to bed early is not
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sleeping is cool. It's like being dead without the commitment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sleeping is mostly fake it till you make it
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Slight [NSFW] I wish all of my body parts would grow twice as big and strong when I need to use them just like my penis does.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Slow internet is a lot more annoying than no internet.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Slow wifi pisses me off more than no wifi at all
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Slow wifi pisses me off more than not having wifi at all
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Smart watches should allow you to say "Get Police" and silently contact the local police station and allow them to listen in and locate your location. Regardless of data plans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Smartphones should have an option to deactivate the swipe feature when showing someone a picture.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Smashing garlic in order to peel it is probably something that was discovered through tremendous frustration.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Smith is such a common name because in medieval times the smiths probably spent their time smithing instead of fighting wars, so they survived to reproduce.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Smoke breaks at work are fine, but masturbation breaks at work will get you fired. Which one's bad for your health again?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Smokers allowed breaks at work are just getting an advance on the free time others will have at the ends of their lives.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Smokers literally pay for cancer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Smoking cigarettes is a great way to commit suicide if you're a procrastinator.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Smoking one pack of cigarettes a day decreases chances of dying of old age
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Smoking out of a bong requires all 4 elements
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Snails would be a lot scarier if they were fast.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Snakes are free range tentacles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Snakes are just tails with faces.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Snapchat is ruining all the progress we made on getting people to take horizontal videos
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Snapchat should add the ability to add a NSFW tag to snaps that should not be viewed in front of other people.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Snapchat should have a 'Send as NSFW' feature, so you don't open up your girls nudes whilst sat having coffee with your mum.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Snapchat should have a NSFW or a "do not open around other people" indication box option when sending snaps.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Snapchat should have a NSFW tag you can check so you don't open nudes in public
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Snapchat should have a day where facial effects aren't sent along with the photo. So people everywhere will just receive photos of their friends with their mouths open and making weird poses.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Snapchat videos should have the option of putting a NSFW tag on them so I know whether or not I can open them in public.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Snapchat's motto on the app store is "Life's more fun when you live in the moment :)" which is the exact opposite of what happens when you use the app.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Snape was so obsessed with getting the Defense Against the Dark Arts job because he knew it would be Harry's most important class, and wanted to teach him personally
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Snickers should do an airdrop on Pyongyang. North Korea turns into a right diva when they're hungry.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sniffing every tree and lamppost on our morning walk is my dogs equivalent of me checking social media after I wake up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Snipers and surgeons need steady hands for the exact opposite reasons
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Snoop Dogg has probably been stoned for longer than I have been alive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Snoop Dogg should host a cooking show called "Dogg Foodd"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Snoop Dogg would be the leader of the grass type gym.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Snowmobile engines should be rated in dogpower.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	So far it seems like the only danger of smoking pot is getting caught by the police. So we have created the only known danger
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	So far, no one has come back in time to try and kill me, so I guess I turn out alright...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	So many adult women are in love with the boys from One Direction. Imagine the reaction if adult men were crazy over a band of teenage girls.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	So many gifs I've seen just make me wonder, "Why were you filming that in the first place?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	So many people die every day that we've never actually checked to make sure that the sun would rise without a human sacrifice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	So much public money goes into sports stadiums we need separation of sport and state
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	So, if there was a Mexican guy with the last name Rita, we would call him señor Rita
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Social Media is like alcohol: some people use it safely to aid their social life, others have way too much and end up saying a lot of stupid things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Social anxiety means that sometimes I throw parties and worry that people will show up.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Social media has made it possible for me to get drunk at home alone and still publicly make an ass of myself
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Social media is to real life what porn is to real sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Social media sites should add a "grace period" so if you like the wrong post by accident, you can immediately unlike it without the person getting a notification.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Socializing is like going to the gym for me. I know it's good for me and once I'm doing it, I actually enjoy it, but I will try every excuse in the book to avoid it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Society has become so civilized that we have to simulate manual labor at the gym in order to reap the health benefits that civilizations of past centuries had to do naturally for a living.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sociopaths would be better at customer service because they're used to faking empathy and other emotions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Soldiers are harder to spot when they're not wearing camouflage.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some ATM machines charge you £1.85 for cash withdrawals then have the audacity to tell you to cover your pin to prevent getting robbed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some Scooby Doo episodes would be a lot shorter if they just went to the costume store first and asked a couple of questions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some Subway executive once thought: "Michael Phelps smoked pot? No, we want a nice wholesome image. Stick with that Jared fellow."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some alien could be looking at earth right now through a telescope from a planet light years away and is just admiring how great the dinosaurs look.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Some asshole out there is actually sorting by "Price: high to low"
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Some atoms have gone 13.8 billion years only to learn that their purpose in this universe is to be manufactured into a dildo to be shoved up someone's asshole.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Some badass motherfucker in the past domesticated a fucking wolf.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some billionaire should give all their money to charity, start over, and call it prestiging.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Some car company needs to invent a "polite honk" where you're not trying to be a dick but you got a green light there buddy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some day soon in the future when we have free wifi everywhere, there are going to be hipster cafés offering wifi free zones.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Some day, "Bitches Ain't Shit" by Dr. Dre will be playing somewhere, and an elderly couple will turn to each other and say, "They're playing our song."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some day, there will be a space travel incident that is compared to the sinking of the Titanic.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some girls say "you'll never find another one like me" after a breakup, isn't that the point?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some guy named frank must have been very straight forward.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some memes are older than the kids browsing them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some of us are still "it" from a childhood game of tag.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some or all of the money collected from wishing wells or fountains should be donated to the Make A Wish Foundation, that way the coins tossed really did make a wish come true.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some people think that calling a bf 'Daddy' is disgusting but calling them 'baby' is ok
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some people's PIN numbers are 6173, and this post probably makes them want a new one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some poor kid in 'Air Bud' got cut from the team to make room for the dog
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Some porn websites let you hover over the thumbnail to see a quick slideshow of the video, while youtube still lacks this technology.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some rappers basically have us pay them to tell us what extravagant/lavish things they then do with our money
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some rich philanthropist should scatter seven Dragon Balls across the world and grant whoever returns them one wish from his fortune.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Some trees spend hundreds of years growing just so I can wipe my ass.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Some women are world famous for being beautiful. I see women more beautiful than them in real life all the time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somebody probably has died the same night they didn't send that chain mail to 10 other people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somebody should open up a burger shop and name it "Mumford And Buns." Every burger on the menu is the same, just like their songs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somebodys job is to nail Jesus to the cross every time a crucifix is made
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someday "Brad" will be a name for old people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someday a child will run to her parents and say "mommy, daddy, how did you meet?" They will turn to each other, hold hands, gaze into each others eyes and sweetly say "we both swiped right."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someday future archaeologists are going to dig up Disney World and think it was some bizarre mouse-worshiping kingdom.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someday there will be a TIL post about how Disney didn't create Star Wars but was actually made by some guy named George Lucas.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someday there will be a TIL post about how the word "clockwise" came from mechanical clocks that used gears to spin arms around to show time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someday, someone will be the last person ever born.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someday, there will be a TIL that David Bowie and Alan Rickman both British, both died of cancer at 69, both in the same week of the same year.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someday, when we've colonized Mars, the Curiosity Rover will be in a museum. On Mars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somehow we always assume that aliens would walk around naked.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone cared about Butthead enough to pay for him to have braces.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone had to go to Robin Williams' Wikipedia page and turn every 'is' to a 'was'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone in Indiana with the last name Harrison should open a Ford dealership so it would be called "Harrison Ford" with the slogan is "The people of Indiana jones for our low prices."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone in the United States has no clue that this is his last weekend with all ten fingers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone in the world unknowingly has the world's best Rock, Paper, Scissors winning percentage
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone is going to be that guy that dies an hour before we discover aliens for the first time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone is going to say "I have to go to the moon" in a bored, defeated tone one day
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Someone on the planet has watched more porn than any other human
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should develop a "time lapsule", a time lapse camera designed to operate for several decades without maintenance that can be permanently installed in a public area.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should develop a browser app that very gradually starts changing words so you can begin to learn a language.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should develop an AI specifically for reading Terms &amp; Conditions and flagging dubious parts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should get fired for deciding to release Independence Day 2 on June 24.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should invent glasses you wear at the theatre that allows only the wearers to see subtitles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should make a medieval horse racing game called "Need for Steed"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should make a website for amputees where they can find other amputees who want to go half on a pair of shoes or gloves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should make an Eastern European dating site called "Czech Mate"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should make an app called 'Netflix and Chill' that matches you with local singles who like the same shows as you
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should make fauxfu. A tofu substitute made out of meat, for people who want to pretend they are vegetarian but still eat meat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should market a prank dictionary that looks real but is missing the word "gullible".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should organize a tribute show honoring Weird Al where the original artists perform his parody versions of their songs for him.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should parody the Apple dancing silhouette commercials and have the new earbuds flying wildly in all directions as they try to dance.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should put a GoPro on a bull during the Running of the Bulls.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should release a study saying the use of cell phones definitively causes cancer. Apple and Samsung would probably find the cure for cancer in no time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should run a Facebook page that posts nothing but clickbait that links to Never Gonna Give You Up to teach people to stop clicking it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should sell a book on eBay called "How to scam people online" and never ship it to customers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should start a knockoff electric car company called "Edison" where they rebrand and resell Teslas
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should start an uber-like service just with pick up trucks to help move beds or pick up big packages.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should throw a Halloween party where everyone dresses like cops so if it ever gets busted, there would just be mass confusion.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone should use screen recording software to record an entire day's worth of working on spreadsheets and post it to YouTube so that I can play it full screen and pretend like I'm working.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone super famous should do an AMA but not say who they are, see if Reddit can figure it out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone taking down a "missing person" sign can either be really good or really bad.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Someone thought they were real fuckin' clever sneaking a B into the word "Subtle"
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Someone who refuses a request to join the mile high club doesn't give a flying fuck.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone who watched The Ring probably did die seven days later.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone's therapist probably knows all about you and probably thinks it's your fault.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Someone, at some point in history had to look at a beehive and think: "I know those little bastards are hiding something good."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Someone, somewhere, has reached university and been assigned the dorm room they were conceived in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sometimes I complain about how boring my life is while riding around in a metal machine that runs on explosions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sometimes I hate a post so much I wish Reddit offered the opposite of Reddit Gold. They could call it Reddit Turd and charge more for it than Reddit Gold.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sometimes I see an animal, and I wonder if among that species, that particular dude or girl is considered handsome.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sometimes I think I mistyped my password but my computer knows who I am and let's it slide.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sometimes I wish I was a pet fish, only to experience that moment when it suddenly starts raining food.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sometimes I wonder how many strangers I saw last year are now dead.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sometimes I wonder if my life is in shambles because of all the chain letters that I never forwarded to ten of my closest friends.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Sometimes when I click a link tagged, "NSFW" or "NSFL" and they take more than a few seconds to load, I click back. I feel like that's the internet's way of warning to me not to look at whatever it is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sometimes when I eat broccoli I think, this must be what it's like for giants when they eat trees, but then I realize giants don't eat trees, and then I remember there's no giants, and then I remember broccoli is gross and I get even more sad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sometimes when I post on Reddit I feel like that outsider in a group of really good friends just trying to fit in...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sometimes when im naked infront of the mirror i think to myself... I've jerked that guy off.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sometimes, when I get sick, I think back about the times I was healthy and think about how ungrateful I was to be healthy. This is probably what it feels like to be old.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sometimes, when I see internet trolls and Facebook fights, the endless march of the keyboard warriors, and the celebrity twitter feuds, I think to myself; "remember when computers were for smart people?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere down the line (far, far down the line) Rockstar should team up with Google Maps to make an open world GTA game that would allow you to go anywhere in the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere in China there's a factory that pumps out Made in China stickers with smaller Made in China stickers on them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere in another galaxy, an extraterrestrial might be using a photo of our Milky Way as their desktop wallpaper.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere in the galaxy, your childhood is still currently visible. Your past self still exists, traveling through space at the speed of light.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere in the script for Spiderman 3, it probably said [Enter Sandman]
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere in the world right now, somebody is reading this exactly the same time you are and coming to the exact same realization that someone else is doing so.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere in the world there is a baby stronger than all other babies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere in the world, there is a specific location where I'm going to die... I wonder how many times I've been there..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere in the world, there is somebody with your dream job that hates going to work everyday
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere on tinder, there is endless bot conversations, but us humans can't see.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Somewhere out there is a man who cut skin off of my penis.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere out there is a man who has jacked-off more than anybody else in the world
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Somewhere out there is a really tall person named Richard who is literally the biggest Dick in the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere out there it is some chicken's birthday and it doesn't even know it and I think that is sad
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere out there there's a couple who holds the record for the longest time spent trying to find one another in the grocery store.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Somewhere out there, in the infinite expanse of the universe, there is a planet whose night sky has a penis constellation
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere out there, there is a bottle of Cesar salad dressing with an expiration date of March 15th.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere there is a severely autistic person who can't help but see Waldo instantly, and wonders what all the fuss is about.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere, a super model is having diarrhea.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere, out there, lives a hardcore vegan that refuses to use 'honey' as a term of endearment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere, there really *is* a couple named Adam and Steve, and they're tired of people pointing it out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Somewhere, there's a 50 year old billionaire who's future trophy wife hasn't even been born yet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sony Honeydicked us into watching The Interveiw
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sony should release "The Interview" free online as a middle finger to the "terrorists".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Soon all background actors are just going to be staring at their phones to make it more believable
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Soon, when teens get caught smoking, they'll tell their parents it was just pot, not cigarettes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sour, bitter and salty are very different tastes but very similar moods.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	South Park Has a Better Grasp of Current Events than the News Does.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	South Park needs an episode about Martin Shkreli called "Shkreli's Deli," where he buys out the food in town, owns a store and jacks up the prices on his sandwiches, causing starvation and misery.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	South Park usually reports the news in a more unbiased and accurate way than most news stations
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Space Jam was basically made by having Michael Jordan talk to himself and shoot baskets on a green screen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spacesuits are literally made to protect astronauts from nothing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spelling bees would be so much better if kids said "To The" in-between each letter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spiciness is the only flavor your anus can taste.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spider-man used to take selfies before they were cool.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spiderman has arachnid buttholes on his wrists..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spiderman would be way less cool if he wasn't living in a city full of skyscrapers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spiders are just web developers that are happy to find bugs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spiders are the only type of web developers that are happy to find bugs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spiders are the only web developers that are happy to find bugs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spilling a beer is the adult equivalent of letting go of a balloon as a child.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spilling a beer is the adult equivalent of letting go of a balloon
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spilling a beer is the adult equivalent to losing a balloon
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spilling a full drink you paid for is the adult equivalent of letting go of a balloon
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spongebob and Squidward have shifts at the Krusty Krab, so other people work there too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spongebob is actually about a boss that underpays and overworks his employees to the point of insanity, depression, and even mental breakdowns.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sponges are weird. They're artificial now, but in the past people would pluck animals out of the ocean and use them to wash dishes and stuff. That seems like something you'd do in the Flintstones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spoons are just tiny bowls on sticks
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sports are mostly about people trying to stop each other from completing very simple tasks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Spotify should add a feature that keeps track of skips vs. plays to me know what songs I should delete from my music or playlists.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Spring time is a giant orgy for trees and plants, and we're allergic to their semen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Squidward is far too judgemental for someone who never wears pants.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sriracha is becoming the pumpkin spice of hot sauces.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Stacy is probably hotter than her mom by now
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Stairs are actually just slopes at really low resolution
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Stairs are just little floors to help you get between big floors.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Stairs are just low resolution slopes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Stan Lee might die any day now and I'm not mentally prepared for that
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Stan Lee should get himself filmed saying multiple lines with a green screen background so even if he dies, he still appears in Marvel movies
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Stan Lee's cameo in Avengers 2 should have been him as a janitor in Stark Tower and he lifts Mjolnir so he can dust under it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Star Wars Episode VII will be the first in the series released in the correct order corresponding to its number.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Star Wars and Metallica fans are the same: die hard fans that never stop talking about their first three albums, have been disappointed with everything since then and are always hopeful the next release will redeem them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Star Wars has basically done the opposite of product placement. Instead of real life brands creeping in to the film, the film has crept in to every brand in real life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Star Wars is about 1 war and billions of stars. It should be called Stars War.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Star Wars spoilers should be called wookieeleaks
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Star wars is the story of a sentient invisible energy field playing chess with itself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Starbucks should have a line for everybody who wants their venti triple half-caf soy mochas with no whip, and separate line for people who want a cup of coffee.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Starbucks should have a regular coffee line and a complicated ass order line
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Starbucks should have a self-service express lane for people who just want a plain cup of coffee.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Staring at your crush's green "Online" indicator on Facebook chat is what Gatsby felt like
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Starting a family is like starting a really big group project.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Starting task manager is like a parent saying "don't make me get the belt"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Statistically speaking, I think it's safe to say that there's at least one serial killer on reddit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Statistically, quite a few of the people reading this while getting ready to leave for work won't ever make it home again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Steam is 13 years old now. It's old enough to have its own Steam account.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Steam should have a "Recommended for your shitty computer" section.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Steam should have an option to enter your PC specs and allow you to filter games by whether or not you can run it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Stephen Hawking is 74... That's the best proof I need that exercise isn't necessary to living a long life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Stephen Hawking should change his voice to SIRI for Halloween
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Stephen Hawkings AMA tomorrow should have a 'Play' button on all his responses so the computer can read them out in his voice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Stephen hawking is the result of god min / maxing a character
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Steve Carell should host the Emmy's one year as Michael Scott hosting the dundies
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Steve Harvey fucked up reading info from a card, but that's all that motherfucker does on Family Feud.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Steve Jobs dying early is a fitting metaphor for his attitude to his company's battery life
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Steve from Blue's Clues was a social recluse that stayed in his house all day talking to his condiments.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Stop smoking ads has gotten to the point where they're more obnoxious than smokers themselves
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Stop, Drop, and Roll was always such a big deal as a kid... I really thought I'd be on fire more than this as an adult.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Strangely nearly all superpowers whether mutant, alien, radiaton etc comes with incredible sewing and costume making skills.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Stranger Things had to be set in the 80s because half their problems could have been solved if everyone had a cell phone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Straws only have one hole.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Strict parents raise the best liars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Strippers are basically naked beggars
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Students are stereotypically viewed as being lazy, but I worked ten times harder as a student than I do in my career now
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Students cheat on tests because grades are more valued than learning.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Subreddits that don't allow downvoting are basically Facebook.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Subway employees must hear "Ummm..." a thousand times each shift.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Subway should not have had such a catchy jingle about 5 dollar footlongs, because now their 6 dollar footlongs seem like a rip off....
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Subways are like the world's shittiest roller coasters.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Suicide doesn't end pain. It just spreads that pain around to all the people you love.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Suicide doesn't ends the pain. It passes to someone else.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Suicide is a mortal sin to stop religious crazies from killing themselves in order to be with their god.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Suitcases are terrible for carrying suits.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Sunburn is actually pretty crazy. Something 93 million miles away is burning you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Superbowl XLIV looks like the roman numeral version of ELI5
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Superman could hear his adopted parents having sex in incredible detail, every time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Superman shouldn't have any muscles because nothing on earth is heavy enough to give him a workout.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Superman's build should be thin and scrawny, because nothing is heavy enough to offer him a proper resistance workout.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Surely if tomatoes are fruits, then that makes ketchup a jam
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Surely the man who killed Bruce Wayne's parents is inadvertently responsible for saving Gotham countless times.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Surgeons and snipers need steady hands for the exact opposite reason.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Surgeons who perform sex change operations should be known as Trans-formers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Swat team members should have their homes randomly raided by a neighboring swat team to better understand the confusion experienced by the suspect.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Swiper never actually steals anything of much importance, or keeps it for too long. He probably just had an awkward crush on Dora and doesn't know how to flirt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Swiss Army knives should have a blank blade on them that can be cut into a key
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	TED Talks are like church services for people who believe in science.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	TIL is basically AskReddit for someone who used Google instead of AskingReddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	TIL should be called "What I just read on Wikipedia"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	TL;DR is a TL;DR of itself
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	TV really made me believe that souffles being ruined would be a frequent problem.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	TV screens went from being curved, to flat, to curved the other way.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	TVs went from curving outwards, to flatscreen, to curving inwards.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Taco Bell should give customers an extra tortilla so they can make a burrito out of all the stuff that spilled out of the other burritos they ate.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Tagging a post NSFW is the ultimate clickbait
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Take a photo with Michael Phelps and you'll have a good chance at getting gold next Olympics
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Taken 4 should be set in a tibetan monastery. Liam Neeson has found his daughter, and his wife, now he must find his inner self.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Taking a break with your SO is the real life equivalent of "try turning it off, and switching it on again,"
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Taking a picture of your food is like taking a "before" picture of your shit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Taking medicine when you're sick is essentially your body electing to hire mercenaries to fight the war for you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Taking the cover off my phone is like sex without a condom. I know it's dangerous but it just feels so much better
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Talking is a really slow data transfer between two super computers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Talking to my mom is like going through an unskipable cutscene in a game I've played several times.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Talking to people on the internet in the 90s meant I was a loser with no friends, not talking to people on the internet now means I am a loser with no friends.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tamagotchis have been replaced with FitBit. Now we are the thing that needs to be walked.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tangled was surprisingly underrated compared to Frozen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tap dancers probably look at floors every so often and think "I'd tap that" and then chuckle to themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tapes had "A" and "B" sides so it only made sense to transition to "CDs"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Task Manager should have an "End as many tasks as possible without crashing my system" button
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tax revenue generated from legal marijuana sales should go towards funding space exploration. The more people get high, the higher up humanity goes!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Taxes are like a subscription to your Country that you can't cancel, no matter how bad the service gets.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Taylor Swift doesn't think Spotify pays enough, so none of her music is on the service. As a result, I download it illegally for free and listen to it on the Spotify app. I'm still listening to it on Spotify and she is making nothing
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Taylor Swift has a hundred songs about break ups and zero songs about blow jobs. Coincidence?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Taylor Swifts "You belong with me" is just a gender swapped 'nice guy' rant.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Teach a Parrot to say Parrot and you basically have a Pokémon
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Teach a man to fish he'll pay you once, sell a man a fish and he'll pay you for a lifetime
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Teach a man with Alzheimer's to fish, and he'll eat for a day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Teachers wont let you use Wikipedia, But they make you use 30 year old textbooks
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Technically speaking, Aliens invaded the moon on July 20th 1969
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Technically speaking, the fattest person in the world is also the most 'attractive'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Technically speaking, wouldn't your best friend be your worst enemy?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Technically, Everything on Reddit is NSFW as you probably shouldn't be on Reddit at Work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Technically, any drink that has calories is an energy drink.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Technically, cannibals are at the top of the food chain.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Technically, it's impossible to skip breakfast. The first time you eat during a day is when you 'break your fast'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Technically, my wife is my ex-girlfriend.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Technically, you can go the rest of your life without eating.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Technically, you can go the whole rest of your life without eating or drinking
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Technology didn't make our society shittier, it just exposed all of the shitty things in our society.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ted Cruz should be forced to wait 48 hours and undergo counselling before he can abort his campaign
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ted Cruz starts his rallies by saying "Allahu Akbar" in another language.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ted Cruz starts some speeches saying "To God be the glory." If he said that in Arabic he be starting them out saying "Allahu Akbar.'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ted Cruz's first words in response to the Iowa caucus win were "to god goes the glory" aka "Allahu Akbar."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ted Mosby of "How I Met Your Mother" has no problem giving intimate details of his sexual history to his children, yet refuses to admit to them that he used to smoke weed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Teen movies used to take place in and around a high school setting; now they're all set in dystopian futures.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Teenage girls saying "I can't even" is basically the same as old ladies saying "Well I never".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Teenage girls saying "I can't even" is the same as old ladies saying "Well I never."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Teenagers are like cats. They are totally dependent on others and act like they aren't.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Teenagers aren't in a rebellious stage they just reached an age where they know that adults don't have a magic stopping power.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Teenagers drive like they have limited time &amp; old people drive like they have all the time in the world
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Teenagers drive like they have limited time &amp; old people drive like they have all they time in the world
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Teenagers have only ever known what it's like being a child, but are expected act like adults while being treated like a child.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Teens claiming they were "born in the wrong generation" Because of music being better in the past were actually born in the only generation with easy and almost free access to music from past generations.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Televangelists who claim to have healing powers or cure diseases should be prevented from using the healthcare system and be forced to rely on their own powers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Telling a depressed person to just cheer up is like telling a drunk person to act sober
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Telling a girl to calm down is like baptizing a cat
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Telling my parents "I finished all my food" has two very different implications between being a child and being a college student.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Telling my parents I'm moving to Colorado for the skiing is like telling my girlfriend I'm going to Hooters for the wings
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Telling someone that changing subjects in a conversation is your fetish would put them in a very awkward position.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Telling someone their stillborn infant is in a better place is equal to saying God kidnapped their baby and is now raising it in a place they will only reach if they do exactly as he commands
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Telling someone they shouldn't be sad because other people have it worse than them would be like telling them they shouldn't be happy because other people have it better than them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Telling someone with depression to cheer up is like telling someone with acne to wash their face
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Telling someone you shouldn't be sad because other people have it worse than you is like telling someone they can't be happy because someone else is happier than them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Telling someone: "why are you depressed, look at how great your life is." Is the same as saying, "What do you mean you have asthma, Look at all this air."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Telling teenage boys that marijuana kills sperm is the single least effective anti-marijuana statement one could make.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Telling women to cover themselves to avoid rape is like telling people to build a simple-poor looking house to not get robbed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Telling your boyfriend he's not funny, is the equivalent of telling your girlfriend she is fat
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ten years ago, if a girl had told me she was going to get her "selfie stick" I'd have thought things were about to get AWESOME.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ten-year old me would be so angry to find out I could afford a monkey and haven't bought one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ten-year-old me thought having all 50 of the US state quarters would be much cooler than it actually was.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tesla should come out with a cologne called Elon Musk.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Tesla's Autopilot Just made Getting a Road Blowjob Much Safer
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tesla/Edison would be an incredible band name for an AC/DC cover band.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Teslas are so safe that they make headlines every time one crashes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tetris taught me that when you try to fit in you'll disappear.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Text-to-911 should be more widely available, as it allows people to report a crime without looking suspicious or making a sound.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Texting your crush is like a turn based strategy game, while calling them is like a real time strategy game.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thank God Mr. Incredible ended up marrying Elastigirl. He probably would have killed anyone else he tried to have sex with...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thank God everyone agrees on the color of traffic lights.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thanks to 'dude', 'bro' and 'man', I haven't said my best friend's name to him in 4 years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thanks to computers, my handwriting is the same as when I was in 2nd grade.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thanks to craft beer, my alcoholism has turned into a "neat hobby"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thanks to dating apps, many people will first lay eyes on the love of their lives while evacuating their bowels.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thanks to gifs, millions today enjoy silent movies like people did a century ago, not annoyed by the lack of sound.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thanks to the Internet, I have probably seen more naked ladies than all of my ancestors combined.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thanks to the internet I've seen more naked woman than any other man in my family tree.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thanks to the popularity of gifs, we are living in the golden age of silent films.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thanks to the word "indescribable", there's nothing that cannot be described
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thanks to tinder, I've been fingering girls left and right!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thanksgiving is like the grand feast for people who are going into the battle of sales on Black Friday.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	That "No Alcohol Beyond This Point" might as well say, "Bet you can't chug that whole beer"
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	That "your pornstar name is" thing is an elaborate con to get the name of your first pet and the street you grew up on to answer security questions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	That Google Chrome "what tab is being noisy?" speaker icon should function as a mute button.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	That Malaysia airplane is still missing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	That feeling I got whenever I would look at my grades, I now get whenever I look at my bank account
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	That one guy 10,000 years ago who was born with the first set of blue eyes must have gotten laid so much.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	That would suck to be a Caucasian person born in Japan, grow up there speaking Japanese. Then move to America and start learning English. People would just think you were being racist all the time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	That's why my code isn't working!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "&amp;" symbol looks like a man scooting across the floor on his butt.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The "B" in Butt looks like a Butt whilst the "P" in Penis looks like a penis whilst the "V" in vagina looks like a vagina.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "M" in "MTV" now stands for "miscellaneous."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "Mac" in Mac and cheese is a perfect acronym for Mac and cheese.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "Summer of 69" song is going to kill it in 2069
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "TIL" subreddit should really be called, "today I got stuck in a wiki loop and this is what i found
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "Try Again" button has never fixed any error I've had on a computer
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The "What's Your Porn Star Name" game (first pet's name + street you grew up on) is just a way to steal your password recovery information
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "World's Oldest Profession" can't be prostitution because the first man to use a prostitute had to have some kind of job to pay her.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "You're in good hands" guys, the Mayhem guy, Flo, the Geico Gecko, and the State Farm guy (J.K. Simmons) should team up and do a Superbowl commercial about preventing drunk driving.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "b" in "subtle" is the most subtle b ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "forgot your password" pages on websites should include their criteria on special characters, capital letters, etc.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "incognito tab" should look less suspicious.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "juice" in Starburst is just your flavored spit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "mac" in mac and cheese is also an acronym for "mac and cheese"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "success rate" of prayer must have drastically increased after the discovery of modern medicine
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "twen" in twenty is just two and ten combined.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "two" pun in "Dumb &amp; Dumber To" will go widely unnoticed due to many people still not knowing the difference between to/two/too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The "unfollow" option on Facebook was the best thing to happen to that site.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The $5 milkshake from Pulp Fiction seems reasonably priced now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The % of battery left on my phone at the end of a work day directly correlates to the % of work I did during said day
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The % of men who sit down to pee has increased exponentially since the invention of the mobile phone.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The '&amp;' symbol looks like a person dragging their ass along the ground
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The 'Just Say No' generation is now grown up and pushing to legalize recreational marijuana.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The 'c' in erect is a hard 'c' and the 'c' in flaccid is a soft 'c'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The 'old me' was younger.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The 'talking mirror' trope from fairy tales probably originated when a careless time-traveler was seen using a Smart phone or a tablet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The 12 steps of alcoholics anonymous involve praying to a man who turns water into wine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The 3 c's in "child care centre" are all pronounced differently
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The 4 elements (Earth, Water, Air, Fire) correspond to the 4 states of matter (Solid, Liquid, Gas, Plasma.)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The AIM "away message" was the original facebook status.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Actor, Sean Bean should have to pronounce his name either 'Seen Been', or 'Shawn Bawn', he can't have it both ways.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Amish are a wonderful example of how you can be a religious fanatic and not be a menace.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Assassin's Creed series is going to run out of time periods where it's normal to have large piles of hay lying around.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Battery % on my smart phone at the end of my work shift directly reflects my actual work % for the day...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Bible has the biggest book club in the world who haven't read the book.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Boston Tea party turned the entire ocean into a really, really weak cup of tea.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The CEO of Amazon should change his title to 'Prime Minister'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Cellphone has probably destroyed the alarm clock industry.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Cheez-It wheel is a genius. By acting immature he will never be ground up and turned into cheese snacks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Chinese should name a city 'USA' so they can label their products 'Made in USA'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Christian church is the world's largest book club.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The Coca Cola logo is actually a really generic logo that became unique by pretty much not giving a fuck about logo design for 129 years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The DMV should make keychain sized driver's licenses so nobody can drive without carrying licenses by accident.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Dalai Lama is so at peace and relaxed because he doesn't have to worry about rent, a depressing job, family drama, where his next meal is coming from and many other day-to-day worries which effect the majority of people on the planet
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Deadpool post-credits scene should just be Wade eating schwarma with cardboard cutouts of the X-men.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Dothraki would have considered the Red Wedding a smashing success.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Dursleys were mean and bitter because the had been exposed to a horcrux for eleven years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Earth is flying through space, and rotating on its axis. This means when you wake up in your bed in the morning, you're hundreds of miles away from where you got into your bed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Earth is slowly losing water via Astronaut pee.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Ebola nurse hazmat costumes we'll be seeing everywhere tonight? Recycled Breaking Bad costumes from last year.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Empire has built 3 deaths stars, each to be the most powerful weapon in the galaxy. They have all been destroyed by x-wings. The Empire needs to invest in x-wings
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Ents attacking Isengaard in LOTR is an epic depiction of paper defeating rock.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The FBI and DOJ saying "just this one iPhone" is the legal equivalent of "just the tip."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Fat Acceptance Movement is the only movement that can be defeated by actual movement.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The First Person to Discover That Parrots Can Talk Must Have Been Really Freaked Out
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Flintstones Christmas film takes place centuries before the very birth of Christ
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Food Network should do a late night show called Drunk Cooking: sauced up famous chefs cooking their favorite drunk snacks
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Force Awakens is the first Star Wars movie to ever be the same number as its episode number.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Four Classical Elements (Earth, Water, Air, and Fire) Match the Four States of Matter (Solid, Liquid, Gas, and Plasma).
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Futurama quote, "If you do things right, people won't know you've done anything at all." Is literally the CIA.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Girl-Scouts should name their cookies after famous women of history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Goo Goo Dolls and Lady Gaga should go on tour together and title it the "Goo Goo Gaga" tour
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Google Maps car should play ice cream truck music so Street View will be filled with pictures of disappointed children.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Google self-driving car should have an "I'm Feeling Lucky" button that drives you to a random location.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Great Wall of China was intended to keep foreigners out of the country. Now, as a tourist destination, it's used to bring foreigners into the country.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Great Wall of China was originally built to keep foreigners out, but now it's what brings foreigners in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Grinch stole Christmas from the Whos. Horton heard a Who. The Grinch is tiny.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The Harry Potter universe has such a wide variety of magical creatures but the house sygils are based on normal-ass animals
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Hobbit was a book about the dangers of greed. The Hobbit films were ruined because of greed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Human Brain is like a Computer to which we dont have the Admin rights to. We just have a user Account with Limited access.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The IRL version of lurking on Reddit is that guy at a party who stands just outside a conversation circle just to listen and occasionally chuckle.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Incredibles is really dark for a kids movie. The villain murders dozens, tries to kill some parents, tries to kill some kids, kidnaps a baby, and is then shredded alive in a jet engine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Internet is basically a teenager right now. It's got all this potential, but the only thing it's focused on is buying things, trying to be popular, and sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Internet is basically a teenager right now. It's got all this potential, but the only thing it's focussed on is buying things, trying to be popular and sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Internet is the most successful Sun-Cancer Prevention Scheme of all time.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The Jackass crew should get together for a Christmas special where they recreate the traps from Home Alone 1 &amp; 2.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Japanese flag could actually be a pie chart of how much of Japan is Japan
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Jetsons is to the Flintstones what Futurama is to the Simpsons.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Jurassic Park movies have ruined any possibility of there being a dinosaur theme park.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Kool-aid Man sure is lucky he never takes down any load-bearing walls when he bursts through people's homes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Leaning Tower of Pisa in ITALY is ITALICISED
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Lego Batman movie will probably be the best reviewed DC film in a long time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Lion King: The song 'I just can't wait to be king' is literally, 'I can't wait for my dad to die.'
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The Little Mermaid is a cute story but if I were a merperson and I suddenly became a real person I'd be much more intrigued by my newfound genitals than my newfound legs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Little Mermaid is the story of a teen girl who wants elective cosmetic surgery, because she thinks it will help her fit into a more desirable class.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Lottery is essentially crowd funding for a random person to become a multi-millionaire.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The McRib is the deadbeat dad of fast food sandwiches. It disappears for months at a time and then we're supposed to get all excited when it shows back up again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Miis on your Wii have been standing in a completely empty room for years now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Milky Way could well be the galaxy with the most milk in it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Milky Way galaxy may be the only galaxy with actual milk in it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The MythBusters expense report must look dodgy as hell to the IRS
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The NFL is basically watching millionaires beat the shit out of each other for ugly jewelry
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The NFL should just donate all the money they spend on pink gear to the breast cancer fund.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The NSA could probably tell us when Half-Life 3 is coming out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The NSA is the only part of our government that listens to us.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The NSA probably has no idea what Amish communities are doing.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The NSFW image color should be different if it is sexy or gory
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The NSFW tag doesn't change if I view a post at work, just the angle I hold my phone when I view it.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The NSFW tag for showerthoughts is essentially useless
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The No. 1 movie at the box office on Martin Luther King Day weekend is a movie about a sniper.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Olympic Games are the biggest sporting event in the world, yet most of the sports they play are so niche that everybody forgets they exist until the next Olympics.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Olympics is one of the few times you ever see women on international television with absolutely no makeup on.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Olympics should be held in one place forever so they only have to pay maintenance costs to keep it up to standards. And it should outside of any nation, similar to Vatican City.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Olympics should give out Platinum medals if you manage to take first place AND break a world record doing so.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Olympics should give out platinum medals to anyone who breaks a world record
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Olympics should have a 'For Fun' section at the end of all the games so all the athletes can try different sports.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Olympics would be so much better if YouTube or Netflix had the rights to stream them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Onion is fooling you the moment you see their logo because it's actually a depiction of a shallot
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The Onion must be pissed because they can't come up with anything about Donald Trump that's funnier than his real life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Onion should publish a real article every year on April 1st.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Onion should publish one serious article just to see people try to interpret it as satire.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Pirate Bay should rename themselves to something that cannot be repeated on television. The following court cases and news coverage would be difficult to disseminate to a wide audience.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Pope's probably glad he gets to name himself. If the public named the Pope we'd probably end up with Popey McPopeface I.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Powerpuff girls get their power from Chemical X, as in the X Chromosome. Their power is girl power.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The President of the United States technically works from home.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The Queen of England took a shit today.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Reddit front page is the Millenial's "morning paper."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Rio Olympics are like the movie Titanic. We all know a disaster is coming but we are going to watch it anyway.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Roast of Justin Bieber should've been called The Biebercue.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Rocky Mountains is an extremely lazy name for a mountain range.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Seattle Seahawks have made it to the Super Bowl every year since marijuana was legalized in their state
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Simpsons had a better Under the Dome story than Under the Dome.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Simpsons has been on the air long enough that I've stopped identifying with the kids and started identifying with the adults
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Simpsons' Comic Book Guy was a stereotypical neckbeard before there was a stereotype about neckbeards.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Song "Stacey's Mom" came out 12 years ago. It's likely Stacey is a mom herself now. I wonder if she's got it going on too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The South Park episode about Jared wanting to give the kids aids has a very different meaning now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Star Wars subreddit should be /r/2d2.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Star Wars title crawls are still floating through space.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Steam Summer Sale, is like the opposite of piracy. Instead of playing games you'll probably never pay for, you pay for games you'll probably never play.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Swiss must have been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a wine bottle corkscrew on their army knife.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Swiss must've been pretty confident in their chances of victory if they included a corkscrew on their army knife.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The TSA would shit themselves if you brought a parachute as your carry-on
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Taco Bell in Philadelphia should have a crack on its sign.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Titanic's swimming pool is still full
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Titanic's swimming pool is still functional.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Toys-R-Us mascot shouldn't be a giraffe, it should be a dinosaur, the "Toy-saurus."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Truman Show must've been really awkward during his teen years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The U.S. is so young that in the distant future people will think of our current time as still the very early stages of America's birth and growth as a nation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The U.S. should have 53 states because it's a prime number and can't be divided. Then we would truly be one nation, indivisible.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The U.S. should offer the U.K. statehood, because it would be hilarious.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The U.S. should substitute a National Voting Day as a Federal Holiday in place of Columbus Day as a Federal Holiday.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The URL for Google in Italy is the phrase "Google It" (google.it)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The US flag is almost always at half-mast now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The US has banned Kinder Eggs but is cool with laundry detergent gel packs that look like candy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The US is the world's 'Florida man'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The USA doesn't have a name for their country. They just use a description and a vague location.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The USA is having so many disasters and tragedies, you'd almost think it was built on thousands of ancient Indian burial grounds
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The United States now has several territories paying taxes without receiving federal representation - exactly the reason we rebelled against England.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The United States should aim for 53 states. That way it would truly be one nation, indivisible.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The United States should get rid of Columbus Day and create a holiday for Federal Election Day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Viagra commercial says "make sure your heart is healthy enough for sex". That's a really deep question if you think about it in a more metaphorical way.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Walmart Greeters I appreciate the most are the ones who don't greet me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The War on Drugs probably has more POW's than any actual war.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Westboro Baptist Church have probably seen more gay people making out than most non-members
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Westboro Baptist Church should start protesting marijuana now so that it will become legal, too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The White Power Ranger doesn't sound like a character for a kids television show.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Wizard of Oz is the most 'chick flick' movie ever: Its about two women fighting over a pair of shoes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The World's most masculine name is 'Guy Chapman' as it's effectively 'Bloke Blokebloke'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The Young Me Is The Old Me
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The ability for humans to toss/throw/lob an object with a decent level of accuracy while calculating the angle, speed, distance and trajectory in a split second is incredible.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The acronym of "Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee" is "Flab Slab"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The actor who played Jesus in Jesus Christ Super Star has been Jesus on stage (40+ years) for longer than Jesus was Jesus (33 years)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The alphabet doesn't need an order
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The alphabet says "hi" and then immediately afterwards was kidding with "jk"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The amount of public bathroom stall graffiti has drastically declined since the widespread use of smartphones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The amount of real world success in my Facebook friends' lives is inversely proportional to the amount of 'inspirational life advice' type images they post.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The ancient Greeks were the first people to have showers as well as philosophers. Coincidence? I don't think so!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The app is called Tinder because you get matches.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The asshole is the nipple of the butt. Showing boob is not nudity unless the nipple is exposed; likewise, asses are not extremely pornographic unless the asshole is revealed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The author of the book "American Psycho" received death threats "over the violence depicted in his writing". That means that someone, somewhere, was bothered by violence in a book and responded by literally threatening to kill the author. Oh, humanity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The average cost of a pack of smokes is approximately 9.05. At last check, a 12-pack of socks at Walmart was $10. Therefore, if I quit smoking, I could put on, and then throw away, 11 brand new pairs of socks a day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The average funeral costs bestween $7,000 - $10,000, I can't even afford to die
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The average student learns calculus at a slightly younger age than when Isaac Newton discovered it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The bathrooms in Star Wars must have to be pretty versatile to suit all the different species.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The battery percentage left on my phone when I get home from work is roughly equivalent to the effort level I put in while I was there.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The beginning of "tomorrow" and the end of "yesterday" make "today".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best barber will never be able to have the best haircut
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best defense against someone video taping you is to blast a song from an artist serious about copyright infringement.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best high school teachers act like college professors. The worst college professors act like high school teachers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best item to protect you from sasquatch attacks is a camera.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best liar you know, probably isn't the best liar you know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best part about being an adult is eating two Popsicles for breakfast. The worst part about being an adult is knowing why you shouldn't do that.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best part about being in a relationship with a very picky person is knowing that, at least in one thing, you are good enough.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best part about reddit is finding a poignant, mind blowing, or even heartbreaking life story, piece of advice, or whatever, then glancing up to see it was posted by titsmasher8000.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best part about self-driving cars is the fact they will actually use their turn signals.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best part of any movie based on a true story is the part at the very end when they show pictures of the actual people the movie was about.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The best racial slur to use against white people would be Juggalo. I'm white, and if someone called me that, I'd be pissed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best sign of a healthy relationship is no sign of it on Facebook.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best stalkers are the ones you don't even know you have.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best thing about dogs is you can act like something really good just happened and they'll instantly start celebrating. They have no idea what the context is, they're just always ready to party.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best thing to come from 'Suicide Squad' will be the influx of Harley Quinn costumes this Halloween.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best time to burn down your workplace is right after someone else gets fired.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best way to be passive aggressive is to order a "worst trophy shop" trophy from a trophy shop and never pick it up
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best way to dispose of a human is to throw it to pigs. The best way to dispose of a pig is to throw it to humans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best way to honor a woman who worked a lifetime to end human trade, is to put her on currency, so she can be legally traded..Harriet Tubman
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best way to insult a hipster is to tell them they look like somebody else you know.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best way to kill a superhero is to give the rights to Fox.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best way to refresh Reddit for new posts is to fall asleep.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best way to ruin a moment is to try and capture it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The best/worst part of dreaming is that first fifteen seconds after waking up, when you frantically worry "What am I going to do with all those giraffes and meth?" only to slowly realize it's not an actual problem.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The better looking a girl's outfit is, the more you want to see her without it.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The better the porn video, the less likely I am to see to the end of it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The better you look in clothes, the more people want to take them off
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The big bang was the uncompressing of zip file.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The bigger the "Download" button, the less likely it's the button you're looking for.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The bigger the tattoo of a cross, the less the person acts like a Christian.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The biggest clickbait on Reddit is not the NSFW tag, it's "comment score below threshold"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The biggest communication problem is we do not listen to understand, we listen to reply.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The biggest joke of SpongeBob is that he works at a fast-food place and can afford a house.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The biggest lie Disney Channel's ever told me is that there are 10 minutes of whatever the fuck you want between classes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The biggest lie in taco commercials is someone taking a bite of a hard shell taco &amp; it not immediately exploding in their hands.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The blood you donated could possibly be another male's erection right now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The board game Life should have a third route to take at the beginning called "Thug life" but it's not up the the player if they go or not.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The body acceptance movement never happened for men because we're fine with looking like shit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The boy scouts should sell jerky door to door. I would get excited about that.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The brain is the only organ that knows it's an organ
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The bulk of people who advocate for "abstinence only" sexual education adhere to a belief system centered around the idea that a virgin can get pregnant.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The chance to be the first murderer on mars is still open.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The characters on Friends live in Manhattan thorugh 9/11 - and never mentioned it once
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The charity I donated $10 to a few years back has now fully spend my money by sending me cards asking me to donate more
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The cities in skateboarding games are really wheelchair accessible.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The cleverest criminal masterminds are the ones whose stories we'll never hear.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The closest I have come to murder is holding my cookie in my milk until the bubbles stop
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The company Caterpillar should start making airplanes under the name Butterfly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The complete opposite of a woman in a burka is a man wearing only a blindfold
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The cost of cell phones has really ruined the hilarity of pushing your friends into the pool.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The course of human history might be completely different if every man's penis was exactly the same size
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The creators of "How It's Made" should make a show about "How the Hell They Discovered That", with the origin stories of food creations, inventions, and flubs along the way
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The creators of Finding Nemo missed the ultimate fish pun by saying 'The End' rather than 'Fin'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The creepiest possible thing you could see in r/creepy would be a picture of yourself, on you computer browsing reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The current generation are having "love at first sight moments" on the toilet. Thanks Tinder!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The cyrillic Г(G) is the logic next step in the sequence E,F, in the alphabet
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The date 9/10/2016 is still 9/10/2016 if you rotate it 180 degrees.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The day is already 33% complete at 8:00 AM
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The debate moderators should be able to mute the mics of both candidates in order to move on to the next subject instead of trying to talk over them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The default setting on IMDb should hide the cast members' number of episodes in order to avoid spoilers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The definitions of "man" and "human" should be swapped, so that "man" means all of us, and then the sub types of man are wo-man and hu-man.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The difference between "Ladies" and "Laddies" is a D.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The difference between "woman" and "women" is spelled in the second syllable but pronounced in the first syllable.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The difference between $0 and $1M seems significantly larger in my brain than the difference between $1M and $2M.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The difference between a Million and a Billion is almost a Billion.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The difference between being a drop in the ocean and a unique snowflake is how cool you are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The difference between being a high school state champion for the 100 meter dash and being the fastest man on Earth is 1 second.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The difference between revolution and treason is success or failure
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The difference between sexual harassment and flirting is how attractive the other person finds you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The divided symbol, ÷, is just a fraction with two dots representing numbers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The division sign ÷ represents a fraction where the dots are numbers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The doctors that told Stephen Hawking he had two years to live in 1963 are probably dead
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The dwarves eat all of Bilbo's food at the beginning of The Hobbit so it doesn't spoil while he's gone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The early days of the internet was like a huge park. You browsed around, played games, learned a bit, and had to take your time. Now its like a big city, you are bombarded with ads, everyone is running, and shady people troll and try to screw you over.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The easiest way to enrage someone is to tell them to relax.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The easiest way to not feel alone when you are alone is to watch a scary movie
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The elderly often complain about how lazy the young generation is, but the entire course of human history was spent trying to make life easy...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The engineer who invented automatic doors is eternally the greatest gentleman
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The entire internet can be used to talk about the Amish behind their backs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The entire point of a bayonet is to bring a knife to a gun fight.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The entire purpose of a bayonet is to bring a knife to a gun fight.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The entire spectrum of human skin color can be found on toast.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The exact opposite of a sphere (0 corners) would be infinite corners. Which would probably look like a sphere.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The expression "Great Minds Think Alike" is the exact opposite of what we value great minds for.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The extension on Italian websites is ".it", so google.com in Italy reads "google it"
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The fact that "suck my dick" is considered and used as a profanity when "eat my pussy" is not goes to show the importance of supply and demand
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that /r/mildlyinteresting has over 10x subscribers as /r/interestingasfuck proves the advice of under promising and over delivering.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that Google autocompletes all of my questions is an affirmation of how unoriginal all my problems are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that I can turn a knob in my house and have as much clean, fresh, potable water come out as I want is literally amazing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that I can't recognize my co-workers outside of uniform 85% of the time, tells me superman knows exactly what he's doing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that I have not yet dropped a single phone into the toilet is a miracle.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that Jessica Biel decided NOT to name her son Batmo is quite a missed opportunity
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that a 4 years old kid can use an smart phone does not mean the kid is a genius, it means engineers are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that an ad thanking me for not using Adblock is the only one that managed to sneak through my Adblock is hilarious.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that chimps share 99% of their DNA with us is really impressive until you realize that string beans share 50% of it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that nobody won the $900 million lottery last night pretty much rules out the possibility that mankind will discover time traveling technology.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The fact that our arms are long enough to reach our genitals is one of the biggest things we take for granted.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that since our skins weren't warm enough, we stole the skins of other animals and wore them instead, is pretty creepy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that so many of the most successful pop artists don't even write their own songs basically makes them cover bands...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that the "Age Discrimination in Employment Act" only applies to people over 40, is itself, age discrimination.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that the Machines took the time to create the Matrix for us is pretty generous.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that the first person they suspect after someone is murdered is the spouse tells me everything I need to know about marriage.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that there is a highway to hell and only a stairway to heaven says a lot about the traffic trends.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that there is only a "like" and no "dislike" button on Facebook is the equivalent of Mark Zuckerberg telling you, "If you can't say anything nice, don't say anything at all."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that there's a Highway to Hell and only a Stairway to Heaven says a lot about the expected traffic.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that we differentiate school from "the real world" shows us why our school system is failing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that we have McDonald's in Wal-Mart and Starbucks in Target says a a lot about the demographics.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The fact that we have a universally recognized hand sign for "fuck you" and not one for "I'm sorry" should really tell us something.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fact that we know Chameleons even exist just proves they are failures.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The factory that makes caution tape could be a really confusing place to work.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The fastest way to get me to click on a link is to warn me its NSFW.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The feeling after eating too much and the feeling after masturbating is almost the same: "I feel moderately disgusting and I have lost all interest in having anything to do with this again."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The female equivalent of sausage fest should be called a fish market.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The female stereotype of putting your hands on your hips exists because none of their clothing has pockets.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The female version of cock blocking should be called beaver damming.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The fence that encloses the smallest area in the world also encloses the largest.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The file extension for a 3D printable object should be .irl
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The final Die Hard movie should be titled "Old Habits Die Hard"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The final e in finale is the finale of finale.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The final test in marriage counseling should be to assemble an Ikea table together and then play Monopoly on it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first 18 years of your life is like a free demo, then it's pay to play.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first Pokemon that was caught was by a guy just beating it up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first President of the Moon might have already been born.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first Xbox is commonly referred to as Xbox 1, the third is called Xbox One. The franchise name has come full circle, which is a 360.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first eighteen years of your life are like a free trial, and after that it's pay to play.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first guy that paid for life insurance died never knowing if it was a scam.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The first guy to realize parrots could mimic humans must have freaked the fuck out
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first guy to shave his face must have freaked some people out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first guy who ever heard a parrot speak must have freaked.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first human to hear a parrot speak probably had a hard time convincing his mates
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first human to set foot on Mars is currently a freshman in High School who has no idea of their future place in history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first human to take flight was likely a cave baby snatched up by a giant bird of prey.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first human to watch the sun set probably thought to himself "This is not good."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first immortal creature will probably be a lab rat
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first man to ever get circumcised probably had to do ALOT of explaining to people he had sex with.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The first person that tested a parachute had to be a huge bad ass.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first person to buy Mentos and Diet Coke as a snack was probably really surprised.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first person to chop a onion probably thought they were going blind.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first person to have had twins must have been really freaked out
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first person to have twins must have been so confused
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first person to make popcorn must have been seriously freaking out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first person to say the word cool must have been really cool because everyone started saying it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first person who copied someone was in fact very original.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first rule of fight club is what prevented the movie from getting spoiled to me for the last 15 years
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first snow of the year is technically in January, and not in the fall.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first teacher ever never went to school.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first tissue in every box should be attached to the cardboard lid so it pulls out as you open the pack, rather than awkwardly grabbing 3 or 4 tissues trying to get just one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first video of a human meeting an alien is going to filmed in portrait, I just know it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first woman to ever have twins must have been really confused.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The first word I say every year is "happy" and the last is "one"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The five most reassuring words ever are: "I haven't started yet either"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The floor is the only thing that I get more scared of the further away I am from it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The flowers in my vase are just plants on life support.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The food network should make a cooking show where chefs go into strangers homes and have to make the best dish possible with the available ingredients.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The four elements: Earth, Water, Air, Fire represent the four states of matter Solid, Liquid, Gas, Plasma..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The four most reassuring words any university student can hear are "I haven't started either"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The funniest guy in the room is usually smart, but the smartest guy in the room usually isn't very funny.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The future President of the United States shit his pants today and will definitely need a nap later.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The future will look futuristic only because we will be trying to make it look futuristic.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The game "Kiss, Kill, or Marry" could also conceivably be called "Fork, Knife, or Spoon"
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The game "fuck, marry, kill" could also be called "fork, spoon, knife".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The game 2048 will probably have a comeback in the year 2048
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The game Fuck, Marry, Kill could totally be renamed Fork, Spoon, Knife
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The genius of Nutella isn't so much how is tastes but how the company was able to market what is basically frosting as an acceptable breakfast spread.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The golden snitch is describe as "damn near impossible to see", so they give a kid with glasses the job of catching it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The good thing about being a Michael Jackson impersonator is that it doesn't matter if you're black or white
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The greatest impact of self driving cars will be on pranks. Your mate passes out in London after drinks, stick them in the car, shout "Aberdeen" at the computer and send them on their way.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The guy following Bear Grylls with heavy camera gear is way more badass than Bear Grylls himself
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The guy on Superman who said "Look, up in the sky! It's a bird!" seriously overreacted.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The guy who did the cinematography for the film JFK (1991), has "shot JFK" on his résumé.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The guy who discovered coffee is kinda responsible for every other discovery too.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The guy who discovered popcorn must've freaked the fuck out
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The guy who holds the world record for "most world records" has a lead of at least two.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The guy who made Super Size Me should've done it during a Monopoly sweepstakes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The guy who said "Look! Up in the sky! It's a bird!" in the Superman intro was strangely excited to see a bird...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The guy who thought up the "Jar Jar Binks is a Sith Collaborator" theory on Reddit a year ago still has over 2 years of Reddit Gold left from that one post.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The guys version of "I shaved my legs for this" is "I washed my sheets for this".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The hardest thing I ever attempted to do was to come up with a new letter of the alphabet without it sounding like the 26 that already existed
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The healthiest I treat my body is when I'm already ill
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The healthiest marriage I've ever seen is between Gomez and Morticia Addams.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The horse that was led to water but would not drink probably ended up being the same horse was that was beaten after it died.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The human body is able to convert pizza into high fives
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The human body is really quiet for everything it does.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The human body is the worst kind of hoarder. It keeps saving fat cells "because it might need them someday".
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The human race is gonna cure the shit out of mice before it does the same thing for itself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The humans in Star Trek have ancestors who once watched and loved Star Wars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The hydraulic press channel is kind of the opposite of 'how it's made'...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The i is the center of the word "hurricane".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The iPhone is like college textbooks. Every year, they just change a few things and slap on a high price.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The iconic Alien is to us what we are to apes: small, pale, big headed, and with unfathomable technology. We even abduct them for medical experiments.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The idea of a ghost that moans may have been started by children whose parents were having sex in the adjacent room and denied having heard the sounds.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The idea of ghost moaning might have started due to kids hearing their parents having sex, and them denying hearing any sounds.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The idea that humans are able to consider another species "over populated" is kind of arrogant.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The illuminati is the worst secret society
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The important thing is that bigfoot believes in himself
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The insides of pockets should be made of the same kind of cloth used to polish phone screens.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The internet "sluts" doing porn have positively impacted more lives than most people ever will.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The internet is full of cats because dog people go outside.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The internet uses many terms relating to water. I can surf the web, stream a video, or wait until my computer freezes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The inventor of the computer had to make it without using a computer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The inventors of Photoshop could've kept their product for themselves and had the time of their lives.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The kids in high school that you thought should never be parents usually have kids before anyone else.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The kids in the movie Jumanji didn't know how to play Jumanji. Instead of rolling the dice and taking turns as fast as possible they sat around waiting for each turns consequence to unravel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The kind of police force that honestly can't figure out Bruce Wayne is Batman, probably serves the type of city that needs Batman
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The label on my towel says "Wash before use" - this could apply to either me or the towel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The lady who voices the standard "you've reached the voice mailbox" message... Does she record her own VM greeting or use the standard one, which is her voice?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The larger you make something out of Legos, the higher the resolution.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The last day of the Olympics should be all the gold medalists playing dodge ball until we have an ultimate champion.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The last four letters in the word 'queue' are not silent; they're just waiting their turn
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The last funeral won't be for the last person alive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The last human won't get a funeral
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The last line of "Row, Row, Row Your Boat" is quite existential for a children's song.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The last person I would want giving me love and marriage advice during my wedding ceremony is a priest that has lived a life of celibacy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The last sequence of Jaws should have ended with a black screen displaying: "Fin"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The last ten squares on the toilet roll should have "This is NOT enough for the next person!" printed on them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The last time I was someone's type, I was donating blood.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The last two digits of your parent's birth year is the age you will be when they are as old as your birth year's last two digits.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The laugh track in "How I Met Your Mother" would make more sense if it were two kids laughing, rather than a studio audience.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The laws that we are supposed to be aware of and abide by are so complex that there is an entire profession dedicated to understanding them
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The leaning Tower of Pisa - When you fuck up so bad it becomes a tourist attraction.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The leather jacket I've been wearing for 10 years has been worn longer by me than the cow that it came from.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The less someone posts on facebook, the more I think they have a life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The less taste water has, the better it tastes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The letter "W" should be called "WE." It's one syllable (versus 3), rhymes with other letters like "ve" and "ze." And most importantly it's what you get when you turn "EM" upside down.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The letter "c" could easily be replaced by "k" or "s" in any sirkumstanse.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The letter 'b' in the word 'subtle,' is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The letter B in the word "subtle" is doing a nice job of it.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The letters in the alphabet after O and P are just O and P but with their dicks out
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The level of how close you feel to someone is directly correlated to how much silence you are okay with having with them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The levels of coolness associated with saying "I was in a band" vs "I was in band, " are vastly different.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The little girl from The Ring hasn't been able to kill anyone in years now that VCRs are obsolete.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The longer I stay at home, the more homeless I look.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The longer you wait for a haircut, the better deal you're getting.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The longest most of us will ever go without masturbating is roughly 12 years. That's from birth to 12 years old.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The longest time most of us spend without masturbating starts when we're born and ends when we masturbate for the first time
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The look of frustration I give my gf as she takes forever to get ready to go is the same look my dog gives me as I put on socks and shoes before being able to take him out
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The lottery is a great example of how if everyone just pitched in a couple dollars, how much money could be accumulated to get something big done.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The lottery is not a tax on people who can't do math. The people who buy tickets understand the odds of them winning millions are far better than the odds of them earning millions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The loudest possible way to open a bag of chips is to try and do so quietly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The love of my life could have been caught in a condom.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The lyrics, "It's the end of the world as we know it" use two prononciations of "the" in the same line.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The main reason I like reddit so much is that no one I know uses it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The man claiming he'll bring jobs back is best known for firing people
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The man who submitted the world record for smallest dick has the biggest balls.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The manufacturer that makes "Head and Shoulders" should produce an accompanying body wash called "Knees and Toes"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The massive amount of gay sex that will happen tonight will have absolutely no effect on the birthrate in 9 months
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The meaning of life can be found in a dictionary.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The media stopped talking about Ebola as soon as there were no more patients in the US.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The middle aged equivalent to the 'walk of shame' is having to leave a public place because your child is throwing a fit.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The military of evey nation should have paintball team and have world championships for shits and giggles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The mirror may well be the most photographed object this century.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The missing Malaysia flight 370 is exactly what the show "Lost" would've looked like from the rest of the world's POV.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The mods of /r/radiohead should be called "Karma Police"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The moment I fasten the seatbelt, I begin wearing the car
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The moral of "The Tortoise and the Hair" folktale is "slow and steady wins the race," but it should really just be "don't be cocky".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The moral of Rudolph the Red nose reindeer is that no one likes you unless you're useful.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The moral of the Tortoise and the Hare shouldn't be "slow and steady wins the race." The Tortoise only won because the Hare kept getting distracted. The moral should instead be "stay on task."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The moral of the Ugly Duckling is that everything was ok because he was actually pretty
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The more I learn, the shittier the world gets.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more I light my lighter, the lighter my lighter gets until it's too light to light.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more I think about it, the more impressed I am with the amount of human trust it takes to use a glory hole. I'd be terrified that there's someone with a pair of garden shears on the other side.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more a musician says their name at the beginning of their songs, the less I believe in their talent.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more advanced CGI becomes, the less dependable video evidence will be.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The more adventuring a knight does, the more banged up his armor gets. So if you get rescued by a knight in shining armor, you probably got rescued by a really shitty knight.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more attractive you are while online dating, the more likely you are to be flagged as spam.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more attractive you are, the less likely you are to be corrected when you're wrong. No wonder super hot people say such dumb stuff.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more exes you have the more names you don't have for your future child
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more funerals you go to, the less people will probably show up at yours.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more interracial sex we have now, the less we'll be able to have later.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more interracial sex we have, the less interracial sex we can have.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more money companies spend for longer, non skip-able YouTube ads, the less I want to use their product.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more popular this post becomes, the greater the chance that someone who has read it will be hit by a bus.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more serious a relationship gets, the more casual it is
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more suicidal people, the less suicidal people
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more you get to know someone, the less you use their name
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The more you know about Che Guevara, the less likely you are to wear a t-shirt with his face on it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most common animal in zoos is humans
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most common lie I tell my girlfriend is that the spider she briefly saw 'wasn't that big' and I 'definitely got it'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most dangerous thing about marijuana is getting caught with it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most environmentally-friendly thing a person can do is not have children
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most iconic villan in Indiana Jones is a large rock.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most illegal thing I've done on drugs is just the drugs themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most realistic part of GTA V is when I'm charged $5,000 every time I go to the hospital.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most realistic part of the Age of Ultron was when Ultron decided to destroy humanity after spending some time on the internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most relaxing thing I can imagine is Mr. Rogers interviewing Bob Ross.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most successful "one size fits all" product ever is the toilet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most suspicious thing you can bring on an airplane is a parachute
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most terrifying thing about this clown thing is that there could be literally hundreds of them in just one tiny car.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most tragic victims of irony are that trees were cut down to make copies of The Lorax.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most tragic victims of irony are the trees cut down to make copies of The Lorax.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most unbelievable thing about Zombie movies/shows isn't the dead people coming back to life. It's the fact that nobody seems to have heard of zombies before.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The most underrated people are the ones who sift through all the shitty posts in new
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most unrealistic aspect of Spongebob Squarepants is that Spongebob and Squidward both work in fast food, yet are both homeowners with one job and lots of leisure time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most unrealistic thing about Grand Theft Auto is that the hospital visits are only $250
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The most unrealistic thing about the movie Taken was that two millennial teenage girls were trying to follow a U2 tour.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The movie "Holes" is basically "Shawshank Redemption" for kids. A man is sentenced for a crime he did not commit, is harassed then accepted by his peers, then discovers the warden abusing power for self gain.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The movie "It" should be remade every 23 to 27 years with the child cast from the previous version starring as the adults in the new version
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The movie Snowden should be leaked online before it gets released in theaters.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The movie theater might be the only place where free WiFi would be looked down upon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The mullet was probably created to stop red necks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The name "Cunningham" sounds perfectly normal, yet the name "Cleverpork" would be totally weird.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The name Ariana Grande sounds like a Microsoft Word font.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The name Nick is a nickname.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The name of the band "Gorillaz" is a pun, because a group of gorillas is called a band.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The names "Chad" and "Molly" are super white, but the countries Chad and Mali are super black.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The names Daniel Radcliffe and Rupert Grint sound more made-up than Harry Potter and Ron Weasley.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The names earth porn and food porn borrow from the wrong end of the word "pornography"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The new American Dream is having a positive net worth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The new Coke machines with the 100+ flavors should have a random button.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The news is basically just someone saying good evening, and then giving you a list of reasons it's not.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The news starts with someone saying "Good evening", and then giving reasons as to why it's not.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The next season of Archer should have it where everyone confuses them with the terrorist group ISIS
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The next version of Android should be named "Oranges," so we can finally compare apples to oranges.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The nice thing about pooping at a bowling alley is that nobody can tell who you are by your shoes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The notion that a ghosts moans may have been started by children whose parents were having sex but later denied having heard or made the noise..
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The nsfw tag is the reddit click bait
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The number "0" is literally a portal that separates the positive and negative numbers from each other
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The number 14233221 describes itself; it has one four, two threes, three twos, and two ones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The number 92 kind of looks like a person on their hands and knees.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The number of people born the same year as you is always decreasing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The number of people older than you will never increase, but it is constantly decreasing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The number of people who are older than you will never increase, but is constantly decreasing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The number of planets humanity has explored completely is zero.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The numbers, in alphabetical order, go 8549176320
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The object of golf is to play the least amout of golf.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The old adage "Do what you love and you'll never work a day in your life" is an ominous truth for art majors.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The old me is actually the young me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The old saying "Money can't buy happiness" should really be "Money can't stop depression"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The older I get the more I envy Homer Simpson. He owns a 4bd house, has a loving and supportive wife, and job security.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The older I get the more I realize that you're more of a rebel if you don't smoke weed or drink
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The older I get the more I realize, the professional world is extremely unprofessional.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The older I get, the lamer the superpowers I want.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The older I get, the less crazy I think my high school history teacher was for moving him and his family to New Zealand and starting a farm.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The older I get, the more I pity the people who say that high school was the best years of their life
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The older I get, the more I realize there are no grown ups and nobody knows what the fuck they're doing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The older I get, the more I think a mostly boring life (i.e., drama-free, routine, calm) life is very much underrated.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The older I get, the more I understand Britney Spears' 2007 meltdown.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The older generation probably invented the internet to keep young people indoors and off their lawns. It worked. Smart bastards.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The older generations that complain about milenials being lazy and reclusive were the same generation that took away our fun playgrounds for not being safe enough.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The older that I get, the more the movie "Office Space" feels like a sad, sad reflection of life, rather than a comedy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The oldest guy in the world breaks a world record every second
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The oldest person alive on Earth is also the first person alive out of 7.4 billion people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The oldest person on earth has been alive for every birthday of every person in the world
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The one thing they explicitly warn you not to do with a Q-tip is literally the only thing I have ever done with a Q-tip
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only "ads" I ever hear on Spotify are Spotify ads telling me why I should pay to remove ads
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only animals that seem to get fat are humans or other animals raised by humans
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only correct answer to "Are you sleeping?" is "No."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only difference between "mostly sunny" and "partly cloudy" is my weatherman's outlook on life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only difference between Hoarders and Extreme Couponing seems to be shelving units.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only difference between a regular dot and a polka-dot, is the absence or presence of other dots
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only difference between a revolution and a civil war is who wins.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only difference between intuition and paranoia is whether you're right or wrong
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only difference between manslaughter and mans laughter is a little space.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only major black character in Breaking Bad sells crystal meth and fried chicken
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason I check my voicemail is to get rid of the voicemail notification on my phone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason I know about Aleppo is because Gary Johnson didn't.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason I look at a bad driver after I pass them is to see if I can confirm a stereotype.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason I look into other people's cars is to confirm the stereotype of their driving.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason I read comments on Reddit is to find someone who has the same reaction to a post as me but can communicate their thoughts better.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason I read comments on Reddit is to find someone who has the same reaction to a post as me but can communicate their thoughts more better.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason I'm watching the debate tonight is so I understand late night comedy later this week and weekend
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason celebrities always say people should "follow their dreams" is because they're part of the small percentage who were actually successful.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason celebrities always tell people to "follow their dreams" is because they're part of the small percentage of people for whom that actually worked.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason his name is Aquaman is because it couldn't have been Seaman.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason that "shower thoughts" is even a thing is because showering is one of the very rare times that it is impossible to have your face buried in the Internet, thus enabling your capability for abstract and creative thought.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason that "showerthoughts" is even a thing is because showering is one of the rare times when you have no access to the internet so therefore you have to make thoughts of your own.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason that Yahoo Mail is still relevant is probably because Gmail users want a separate email account for email signups and spam mail
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason why we think things were built to last back in the day is because the poorly built things from back in the day don't exist anymore.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason you think items were made better in the past (e.g. "They don't make them like they used to") is because you don't see all the trashy cheap stuff that *didn't* survive. Only the well-made items survived.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only reason you're mad at your past self for procrastinating, is because you want to procrastinate now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only thing I would actually pay an arm and a leg for would be a futuristic, robotic arm and a leg.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only thing I've ever used the dickhole on my boxers for is to tell the back from the front.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only thing destroying reddit right now is the lack of anything actually funny or interesting making it to the front page.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only thing in life I consistently give 110% is the speed limit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only thing keeping radio alive is automobiles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only thing pennies are useful for is to prevent me from getting more pennies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only things you actually have control over are muscle contractions and your inner monologue. Everything the human race has ever accomplished has come from a combination of these two things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only time I ever want to have a penny is to keep from getting more pennies
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only time I press the caps lock key intentionally, is to turn it off when I pressed it by accident.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only time I've ever used the panic button on my car key is when I accidentally press it, causing me panic.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only time incorrectly is spelled correctly is when its spelled incorrectly
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only time the word incorrectly isn't spelled incorrectly is when it's spelled incorrectly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only time you can brag about having sex to your parents is when you are having a baby.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only time you ever see a condom used in a sex scene in a film is if it's a comedy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only way a minor can prove that they're responsible enough to be treated like a legal adult is to commit a serious crime.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only way to actually be done with my laundry is to do it naked.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only way to judge a book is by the cover. Otherwise, you have to read the whole book and then decide if you want to read it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The only way to want half of a banana is to not want half of a banana.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The opening letters of pimple and dimple are inverted, just like the things themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The operation to undo a zombie apocalypse should be codenamed CTRL+Z
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The opportunity to take my car to get washed by a bunch of bikini clad college girls seemed to be a lot more promising when I was a kid in the 80s.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The opposite of "Baldwin" is "Hair-loss".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The opposite of "Netflix and Chill" is "Steam and Loneliness"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The opposite of /r/mildlyinteresting should be wildlyinteresting instead of /r/interestingasfuck
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The opposite of Chevy Chase is Ford Escape.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The opposite of an island is a lake.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The other day when Reddit's first post was reposted, it momentarily became the first and last post on Reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The other side of the river must be littered with perfect skipping stones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The outdated slang words "square" and "radical" are opposites of each other, just like they are in math.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The owner of a dildo company is getting paid to make people go and fuck themselves
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The parental guidance feature on IMDB is for parents to see if the movie is suitable for their children, I use it to see if its suitable for me to watch with my parents
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The part of a man's body where the inner thighs meet the crotch should be called "cockpits"
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The penis is considered more obscene than the butt, but urine is considered less obscene than feces.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The people I hear complaining about how Millenials get trophies just for participating are members of the generation that demanded their kids get trophies just for participating.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The people living in the Renaissance didn't know they were living in the Renaissance. I wonder what period future historians will call present day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The people offended at NFL players kneeling during the National Anthem, are the same people who think this country is too easily offended
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The people that design bills/coins (dollar, euros etc.) are paid with their own work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The people upset that the Hermione Granger actor in the new play is black would be the same people in the book who are upset she's a muggle-born.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The people who bitch about millenials are the same people who were responsible for raising us.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The people who call younger generations lazy are the same people who feel inconvenienced by having to press a button for "English."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The people who died climbing Mount Everest, who's bodies can never be recovered, have the worlds most beautiful tombstone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The people who frequently make it on the front page in this sub probably have an extremely high water bill.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The people who preach abstinence as the guaranteed way to prevent pregnancy also believe in the Virgin birth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The people who say "Don't drink milk, it wasn't designed for humans!" are the exact same people who will tell people not to eat GMO's, which is food purposely designed for humans
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The person directly in front of you is also the person that is the farthest behind you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The person who accurately predicts the end of the world will never get acknowledged for it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The person who coined the phrase "coined the phrase" coined the phrase.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The person who invented pizza has affected my life more than the inventor of the telescope.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The person who invented swimming was the first person who didn't drown
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The person who invented the shower had shower thoughts before the shower even existed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The person who named the belly button must have had an "outie".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The person who prays for God to change things thinks God has arranged matters wrong, and also thinks they can instruct God on how they should be put right.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The person who programed the timer in automatic faucets should re-learn how to wash their hands.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The person who would proof read Hitler's speeches was a grammar Nazi.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The person you're going to spend the rest of your life with is out there creating memories that you'll hear about when you eventually meet them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The phrase "Do go on" contains 3 different pronunciations of the letter 'o'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The phrase "Don't you dare" is actually the phrase "Do not you dare". And that confuses me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The phrase "I didn't choose the thug life, the thug life chose me" is actually a depressing statement about how people are born into gang culture and the cycle of poverty.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The phrase "I love you too" can be written as "I love you &lt;3" as well.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The phrase "I never said she licked my asshole" has 7 different meanings depending on which word you stress
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The phrase "If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it, does it make a sound?" Is a great example of humanity's over-inflated sense of importance.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The phrase "It's all downhill from here" can mean both "It's easy the rest of the way" or "It's all going to get worse."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The phrase "No one's left" means opposite things depending on if the contraction is for "is" or "has."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The phrase "a penny for your thoughts" was coined in 1522; if you adjusted for inflation, I wonder how much a thought is worth today.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The phrase "hanging up the phone" has lost its significance.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The phrase "left to our own devices" has taken on a literal meaning in the 21st century.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The phrase "potato potato, tomato tomato" is really fucking dumb when you spell it out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The phrase "so easy a kid could do it" doest really apply to technology. For technology its more like "so easy grandma could do it"
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The phrase "what an asshole" could be considered a compliment in the right moment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The phrase "youth is wasted on the young" should be changed to "wealth is wasted on the old."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The phrases "butt dial" and "booty call" are by definition basically the same words, but mean two totally different things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The plagiarism section of the class syllabus is the same for every class... almost like it was copied and then pasted there...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The plot of "This Is The End, Part II" should be that The Interview came out and North Korea actually nuked us.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The plural of cent is cents. The plural of sense is senses. The plural of census is censuses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The police will have trouble gaining revenue once weed is legalized and there are only self driving cars on the road
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The poops of tomorrow are in the mouths of today.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The poor poor mods of almost every sub are going to have Star Wars spoiled for them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The poor soul that had to test "No tears" Shampoo until they got it right...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The pope goes to Sweden and Italy is hit by a 6.66 earthquake.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The porn industry should be known as 'The Jizzness'
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The porn stars I'll eventually beat off to as an old man haven't even been born yet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The post office is amazingly cool....Me: Mr. Postman, will you take this piece of paper across the country to my friend? Him: Sure....but it will cost you... 47 cents...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The prehistoric men, the ones who discovered fire, who migrated across Earth, forming the civilizations and technology we have today, are invariably some of the most important historical figures, and we will never know their names.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The president pardoning a turkey must be a real slap in the face for the real life human beings sitting on death row.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The price of a calender should drop 8.3% every month it hasn't sold.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The price of gumballs from gumball machines has been remarkably stable in the face of inflation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The problem is not people being uneducated; The problem is that they are educated just enough to believe what they've been taught. And not educated enough to question what they've been taught
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The problem of slow walking people blocking everyone else will never disappear since the ones causing the problem are the only ones not affected by it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The problem with democracy is that appealing to the dumb half is as good a strategy as appealing to the smart half.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The progress bar for 'safe to enter Chernobyl' hit 1% today.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The queen in chess is very emancipated for a game from the 6th century
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The question "Am I as bored as you are?" can be read backwards and still make sense.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The question "what makes us human?" is essentially what makes us human.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The quote "Life is short" makes no sense. Life is the longest thing that'll ever happen to you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The radio in my video game has a greater variety of music than the one in my car.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The raid at Google's HQ in Paris is literally a Google search.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The real annoyance with the loss of a headphones jack is that assholes will feel even less scrupulous to openly play sound in the bus.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The real hero of The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is Will's mom because she forced him to move out of a dangerous city at the first sign of problems.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The real heroes of Reddit are those poor, brave souls who read the articles and then explain to us why the headline is BS or clickbait
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The real reason John Stewart and Stephen Colbert left Comedy Central is to run for President in 2016
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The real unsung hero in School Of Rock is the promoter who got about 2,000 people to a local Battle Of The Bands on a weekday morning.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The real walk of shame is when you take all the cups and plates you've been hoarding all weekend down to the kitchen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The real winners of Pokémon GO are all the service providers that will rake it in when everyone goes over their data allowance.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason "cheaters never win" is because the cheaters that did win didn't get caught.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason Call of Duty games never change is because war never changes.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The reason Harry wasn't chosen for Ravenclaw was because he tried to catch the Hogwarts letters from the air instead of taking one from the fucking floor.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason Hermione was such an "insufferable know-it-all" was so that she could explain everything about magic to the muggles reading the books.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason Homer Simpson has gotten more stupid over the Seasons is because of alcohol neuron death.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason I like Reddit so much is because no one from my family uses it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason I want to get ahead in life is so that I can be lazy once and for all.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason I'm good at talking to people who are down on themselves is because I tell them everything I've wanted to be told myself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason Patrick Star is oblivious to everything is because he literally lives under a rock
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason Patrick is so clueless is because he lives under a rock
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason i haven't met my soulmate is she's to busy smoking pot and browsing dank memes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason i like reddit is it gives me answer to questions i didn't even know how to ask.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The reason it seems like everyone in public restrooms always has crazy diarrhea is probably because no one really wants to shit in a public restroom unless it's an emergency.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason kids are more creative is their brains have less experiences to compare to, so it has to guess to understand things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason people ask questions they could easily Google is because they'd rather have a conversation about it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason people got so angry about Michael Phelps doing weed is that it is harder to convince your kids that drugs are bad for you when one of the greatest athletes of all time does them, and continues to dominate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason squidward is so bad at the clarinet is probably because they are underwater..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason that every person who uses a Walmart bathroom seems to have explosive diarrhea is because that is the only circumstance you'd want to use a Walmart bathroom.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason that four leaf clovers are so rare is that when ever someone finds one they rip it out of the ground, effectively policing the gene pool.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason the washing machine only eats one sock is because when it eats the whole pair I never notice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason they call it going to "the mall" is because instead of going to one store you go to "them all".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason they sell popcorn at the movies (instead of chips) is so that you can still hear the movie over the sound of your chewing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason we are afraid of aliens abducting and harvesting humans for resources, is because that's how humans have treated anything new they have discovered themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The reason why Ash kept falling for Team Rocket's shitty schemes and costumes is because Ash is a 10 year old child.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason why Mickey Mouse has a pet dog (Pluto) is to keep cats away
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason why cartoons took place so early on the weekends was to keep kids on a school schedule
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason why ghosts don't kill people in real life is because if they did, those people would become ghosts and it would become really awkward.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason why lottery winners often go bankrupt is because all the financially-responsible people know that lottery tickets are a waste of money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason why most duels took place during high-noon was so neither participant had sun in their eyes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason why tomato soup and grilled cheese is such a good combo is because it's basically the same ingredients as pizza.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason women seem more interested in you when you're already in a relationship is because you act more confident and naturally, since you're not trying to consciously impress them anymore.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The reason your eyes water when you yawn is because you miss your bed and it makes you sad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The recent headline, 'TLC axes 19 Kids and Counting', is horrifying if you've never heard of that show before.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The recommended age to have an Ouija board is 8+ years old. So, you need to be 21 to drink alcohol and 8 to summon the devil.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The royal baby should be crowning soon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The rule, "There are exceptions to every rule" is the only rule without exception, making itself the exception to the rule.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The saddest part about being a cactus; is that they stand around all day with their arms stretched out, waiting for a hug that will never come.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The saddest thing about the 'Last time I had sex was in 2003' song line in Jon Lajoie's Everyday Normal Guy song is that it gets a little bit sadder every year.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The sales person at a mall kiosk is the human equivalent of an internet pop-up ad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The same people that need hours to text me back, are constantly on their phones when we hang out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The same people who told us 'if you've done nothing wrong you've got nothing to hide' are the same who are saying 'where I hide my money has nothing to do with you'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The same teachers who told me "respect your elders" were the same ones who said "respect is earned, not given".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The saying "9 to 5 type job" needs to be updated to "8 to 5 type job" for a more accurate reflection of what working in Corporate America is like.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The saying "It's easier to keep up than to catch up" is true for pretty much everything in life. Everything except Mario Kart.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The saying "You'll like him once you get to know him" basically means "He's a dick, but you'll get used to it".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The saying "if you can't beat 'em, join 'em" is basically saying that you should join the bandwagon rather than continuing to stand up for what you believe in
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The saying "you win some, you lose some" is only brought up when you lose one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The saying 'Money can't buy you happiness' should be changed to 'Money can't prevent sadness'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The saying shouldn't be "Money can't buy happiness", but rather "Money can't prevent sadness".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The scroll to find my birth year on websites is getting uncomfortably long.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The seashore is a dumb place for Sally to sell seashells
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The second "N" in "peninsula" is the greatest cockblock in the dictionary.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The second oldest person in the world should get a world record for the longest period of time without winning a world record.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The semicolon is probably now used more often in winky faces than its actual grammatical purpose.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The sentence "He laughs at nothing" both describes somebody who laughs at everything, and somebody who never laughs at all.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The sentence "NO DOGS ALLOWED; guide dogs excepted." has the same meaning as "NO DOGS ALLOWED; guide dogs accepted." even though accepted and excepted have opposite meanings
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The seven Harry Potter books are the seven horcruxes. JKR put some of her soul into writing each one and she will live on forever through her writing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The shape on top of the Teletubbies' heads are for colorblind people
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The share button on reddit should say "Spreddit"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The sheer lack of child zombies in Walking Dead would mean that society was already doomed before the outbreak
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The shittier your camera, the higher chance you'll encounter some rare, creepy, unidentified creature
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The show "Are you smarter than a fifth grader" is enforcing the idea to kids that the information they are learning in school is useless in the future.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The show "When Animals Attack" should be called, "When Humans are Stupid and Wild Animals Act How They are Supposed to"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The sinking of the Titanic must have been a miracle to the lobsters in the kitchen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The skeleton isn't inside you, you're the brain so you're inside the skeleton
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The slowest way to die is by living.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The slowest way to die is to live.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The snooze button on your phone should get smaller and smaller each time your press it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The song "Frosty the Snowman" is about an ice golem who leads kids into oncoming traffic and vows to return after the police's pursuit of him ends in his destruction.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The song "Happy" by Pharrell makes me fucking hostile, while the song "Fucking Hostile" by Pantera makes me happy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The song "Hotel California" is basically a bad Yelp review and a 3 minute guitar solo.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The song "Summer of '69" will have a major resurgence in 53 years
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The song "Take me out to the Ballgame" is sung almost exclusively by people who are already at a ballgame.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The song "happy birthday" doesn't have any verbs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The sounds of nature that we enjoy when we're outdoors is basically every organism out there screaming "A/S/L?!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The space between "girlfriend" and "girl friend" can be called the friend zone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The space to your right is also to your left, just 24,900 miles further
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The speed of a clock's second hand is exactly 1 RPM.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The speed of light exists because that's the maximum speed this simulation can buffer environments for rendering and collision detection.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The speed of light is 186000 miles per second. My car is 8 years old and just hit 186000 miles. So it took my car 8 years to travel as far as light does in a second.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The star wars films are set mainly in outer space yet they've never once shown a zero gravity scene.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The story of The Tortoise and The Hare isn't that slow and steady wins the race. It's don't be arrogant and slack off.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The studio that has the rights to Groundhog Day should release the movie again as Groundhog Day 2.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The stupidest people I've met in my life had no idea they were stupid... so I could be stupid too and not know it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The subreddit for Arkansas should be r/Kansas
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The sun has a 100% chance of rising tomorrow, thanks to the definition of the word "tomorrow". If the sun didn't rise tomorrow, then it wouldn't be tomorrow.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The sun is at the bottom of the food chain
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The sun's secondary job is literally moonlighting
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The superstition that walking under ladders is bad luck was probably started by guys who didn't want to get knocked off their ladders.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The surface of the Moon resembles the front yard of a redneck; complete with an old car, random junk and an American flag
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The swimming pool in the Titanic is still full.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The symbol "&amp;" looks like a man dragging his butt across the floor.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The symbol for Christianity is a torture instrument
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The symbol of Christianity was a torture device. The Nazi symbol meant peace.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The tallest man on the planet has been every one of your heights at at least one point in his life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The tallest person alive has been the same height as every single person in the world at one point.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The tallest person on Earth has been the same height as every person on Earth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The teenagers that made fun of me in school for being nerd and playing a musical instrument are now adults who want their kids to perform like I did in school.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The term "leave things better than you found them" should also apply to the way you leave people. Seeing the garbage man, stopping to get a coffee, responding to a post on Reddit. So on and so forth.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The term "manhood" could be a nickname for foreskin.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The term "rekt" is basically 2015's version of "pwnd"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The term "space bar" sounds like something way cooler than it actually is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The term "studying" is a mashup of the words 'student' and 'dying'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The term 'monopoly' consists of two words that are the complete opposite of each other.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The term ASAP is quite aggressive when used, but when you break it down to what it actually means it sounds quite reasonable.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The term YOLO is anti-Hinduism
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The term anal bleaching is a bit crude. Why not 'change your ringtone'?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The terrorist attacks of September 11th are closer time wise to the fall of the Berlin Wall than they are to today.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The the statement "I'm stronger than guys half my age" isn't really very impressive until you hit 40.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The thing that annoys me the most on Reddit is seeing other people getting onto the front page for things that I thought were obvious/boring
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The third hand on a clock is called the second hand.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The three Hobbit movies are the Star Wars prequels of this decade
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The three most famous fictional government agents, (James Bond, Jack Bauer and Jason Bourne) all share the same initials
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The time between being potty trained and getting our period is the only break women get in their lives from wearing some form of diapers...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The time when I look the most homeless is when I'm in my home.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The title of the movie "The Bourne Identity" is a play on words, because bourne is the present perfect tense of the word bear, so the title basically means "An identity one has to Bear".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The title of the movie "The Day After Tomorrow" wouldn't sound nearly as intense if it was called "Two Days From Now"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The tone I interpret from a text is the reflection of my own insecurities with that person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The trees cut down to make Jenga blocks are repeatedly forced to relive their own death.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The trees planted on city sidewalks should be replaced with fruit trees, so the homeless have something to eat in the summer and fall.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The true genius of South Park's gay fish joke is that people will probably be walking up to Kanye and asking him if he likes fish sticks for the rest of his life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The trunk of an elephant is at the front, the trunk of a tree is in the middle and the trunk of a car is at the back.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The two NBA teams in states with legal weed are called the Nuggets and the Blazers...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The two main characters of the show "Veggie Tales" are a tomato and a cucumber. Neither are technically vegetables.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The two musicians who have said the word "what?" the most are probably Lil' Jon and Beethoven.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The two thing in my life that have the most to do with my health and happiness, nutrition and personal finance, were only superficially touched on in elementary school and then never addressed again throughout my education.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The two things that I resist the most in my day are going to bed at night, and getting out of bed in the morning.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The two worst sentences you can get are life and death
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The ultimate aim of charities is to no longer be required
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The ultimate aim of every charity is to close itself down due to it no longer being needed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The ultimate goal of a good dating app is to be deleted.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The universe is expanding. So for every minute we delay going to the stars, our descendants will spend years and years travelling through extra empty space.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The unspoken heroes of Reddit Karma are those who filter their subreddits by "New" instead of "hot".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The use of birth control by responsible people is slowly replacing the human race with irresponsible people who get pregnant unintentionally.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The vast majority of toilet paper is either used to wipe the part of your body that smells or the part of your body that smells.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	The videos you watch before you find the right one to masturbate to are really just Fap-itizers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The voice actor for Pikachu has had steady income for the past 20 years saying variations of just one word.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The voice in my head is an exceptionally good singer
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The way Floyd Mayweather ran away from Pacquiao to avoid being punched and beaten, I wonder if he now understands what its like to be married to Floyd Mayweather.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The way that chillies have evolved to avoid being eaten has completely backfired
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The wheel that squeaks the loudest gets the grease, but the wheel that squeaks consistently gets replaced.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The whole "Don't drop the soap" joke in prisons only applies if people ignore health &amp; safety protocol by bending at the waist rather than the knees.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The witches from Sabrina having a cat called Salem is like a Jewish family with a cat called Auschwitz.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The witches from the show "Sabrina" have a cat named Salem. That's like a Jewish family having a cat named Auschwitz.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The woman I am most likely interested in isn't at bars or meetup, but at home watching Netflix, and there's no way I'll ever meet her.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The women that "hover" over toilet seats are the reason women feel like they need to "hover" to begin with.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The word "Anna" shifted down the alphabet one letter becomes "Boob"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "Dude" is gender neutral. Because I'm a dude. He's a dude. She's a dude. We're all dudes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "Englishman" is polite, but the word "Chinaman" is derogatory.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "Fat" just looks like someone took a bite out of the first letter of the word "Eat".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "Language" is technically onomatopoeia.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "Queue" has 4 unnecessary letters
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "Read" is like schrodinger's cat. It exists as both words until it is read by someone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "Verb" is a noun.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "bid", in lowercase letters, is vertically symmetrical, but the word "BID", in uppercase letters, is horizontally symmetrical.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The word "bitch" is used to describe people of either gender who possess negative traits of the other.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "bumpy" is an onomatopoeia in Braille...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "crescent" begins with a crescent. The word "squiggle" begins with a squiggle. The word "oval" begins with an oval.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "girls" is 10x dirtier on a neon sign.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "illuminated" means the same thing even if you only use every third letter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "nemo" is Latin for "nobody." So perhaps the eponymous character from Finding Nemo never existed. Nemo's father has a psychotic break after losing his entire family in the prologue and the rest of the film takes place in his mind.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "nun" is just the letter "n" doing a cartwheel
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "prefix" has a prefix.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "shark" looks like a shark
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "suns" is the same upside down
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "symmetry" should be a palindrome.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "thing" and the word "night" use all the same letters, but none of the letters make the same sound in both.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word "word" is just a word for a word.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word ''swims'' is the same upside down
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word 'apart' is spelled together but means seperate. Meanwhile, 'a part' of something is spelled seperate and means together.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word 'ashtray' is pig Latin for trash.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word 'crisp' starts in the back of your mouth and moves its way to the front when you say it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word 'dust' is both a noun and a verb but the verb is how you get rid of the noun.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The word 'fuck' insults Louis C.K. when spelt out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word 'immature' spells 'I'm mature'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word Colonel is just a a big F U to anyone trying to learn English.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word Jewish makes it sound like you're a Jew but not really.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word Noelle has two L's
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word OK looks like a sideways person. I've said OK my whole life and never noticed him.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word for symmetry should have been a palindrome.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The word pueblo in Spanish means "village." The Pueblo Indians are literally the Village People.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The words "Tokyo" and "Kyoto" can be written together infinitely, like this: Tokyotokyotokyotokyo...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The words "similar" and "same" are similar, but not the same.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The words ''womb'' and ''tomb'' are similar orthographically and phonetically, and relate to opposite ends of our life cycles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The words 'good' and 'evil' are both a letter from 'god' and 'devil'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The words in the phrase "Right Turn Only" can be arranged in any way and still make sense.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The words"on" and "off" look identical if you only see the bottom half.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The world in "The Matrix" was a post apocalyptic hell hole. If the machines had just asked nicely, I bet the vast majority of humanity would have happily signed up for a virtual existence. Then, the ones left over could just live in peace. Everyone wins.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The world is not getting dumber.it's just easier for dumb people to get their thoughts heard.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The world isn't getting dumber. It's just easier for dumb people to get their thoughts heard.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The world isn't turning into a worse place, it's just become harder to hide everything considered "bad".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The world looks at Americans the way we look at texans.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	The world needs a "bullshit blocker" app that automatically removes Facebook posts already debunked by Snopes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The world will end on somebody's birthday.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The world would probably be a better place if people thought "Is it ethical?" instead of "Is it legal?" more often.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The world's best masseuse will never get the world's best massage.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The worst part about food poisoning is that you paid for it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The worst part about parents who don't vaccinate is an underlying prejudice against the autistic; they'd rather risk a dead child instead of an autistic child.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The worst part of Tinder is that it only helps you meet other people who are at a place in their lives where using Tinder seems like a good idea.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The worst part of using Uber, is that I will never get to be on Cash Cab
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The worst thing about 'Suicide Squad' will be the influx of people thinking Harley Quinn and the Joker are 'relationship goals.'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The worst way to break up with a Harry Potter fan would be to give them a sock.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The wright brothers were indirectly responsible for 9/11
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The written question "What was the last thing you read?" always has the same answer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	The year 2024 is closer than 2005.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Theaters should have headphone jacks in their seats so you can plug in earphones if someone is being loud and distracting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Theme parks can snap a crystal clear picture of you on a roller coaster at 70 mph, but bank cameras can't get a clear shot of a robber standing still.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Theme parks can take a clear photo of you on a moving roller coaster, but stores can't take a clear picture of a robber standing still..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are 1.2 billion cars on the road right now. One of our biggest goals is to keep them from touching.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are 171 people wealthier than Elon Musk. If they all did as much as he does, we'd have audacious, world-changing ideas being announced every couple of days.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are 30,000 traffic fatalities every year in the United States and few people think twice about driving, but when just one happens in an automated car it's a major setback
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are 492 billionaires in the world. Not one of those losers has become Batman
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are 52 weeks in a year. If we had 13 months that would fit exactly into 4 weeks per month. Why don't we have 13 months already?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are 7 billion people on the planet. If everyone is awake for 16 hours per day, then every three years, humanity collectively experiences a period of time longer than the age of the Universe.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are 8 Billion people in this world, and someone has pooped the most.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are 8 times a day (am/pm) where the time is sequential: 1:23, 2:34, 3:45, 4:56... and they are each 71 minutes apart..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are 80 million posts submitted to reddit per year, everyday 150 posts get to frontpage. So my chance of getting this post to frontpage is about 0.07%
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are a bunch of unofficial Showerthoughts Twitter accounts with WAY more followers than us that don't give you guys any credit - help us catch up by following our official @rShowerthoughts account!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are a certain number of people that are the same age as you. That number can get smaller but it can never get bigger.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are animals in the world that have never seen a human.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	There are approximately as many boobs as there are humans in the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are children alive in the U.S. today who have only known a black president.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are dogs living in foreign countries that probably understand the local language better than I do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are dogs that understand more Spanish than me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are entire LANGUAGES of puns that I'll never get to appreciate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are hundreds of songs that I would probably love but will never hear
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are killers out there who find the special type of person out of billions of people to have a partner in crime, and I still can't find a girlfriend.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	There are literally people on NSFW sub reddits that suck dick for karma.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are millions and millions of websites out there, and I think I use about six of them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are millions of books I've already read in their entirety - I've just read the words out of order.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are more airplanes in the sea than submarines in the sky.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	There are more human nipples in the world than there are people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are more women named Ashley Madison than were women ON Ashley Madison
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are no Fallout 4 posts on the front page now because everybody who bothers with it, is playing it now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are no Sour Patch Adults because we eat them all when they're kids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are no animals in the Pokémon world, so whenever the anime characters eat meat, they're eating Pokémon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are no female minions because they reproduce asexually. The 2-eyed minions are in the process of mitosis.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are no sour patch adults because we eat them all while they're kids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are only two days in your lifetime that aren't 24 hours long.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are only two possibilities, as far as I see it: Either Google will someday cease to exist, like every other company in history, or it will transform into something which will be impossible to shut down.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are over 7 billion people in the world and right now, not one of them can see me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are parents that were born in the year 2000
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are places in the Australian outback where if you are there at the right time the closest person to you will be an astronaut on the ISS.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are preachers who won't sleep tonight because they are so excited about the hellfire and brimstone sermon they have planned for tomorrow.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are probably epic space battles happening right now somewhere.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	There are probably hundreds of great, unique and breakthrough reddit posts/comments we'll never see because, in the middle of writting, the poster thought "Fuck it. Why am I even writting that?" and didn't finish his thought.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are probably thousands of video tapes buried in time capsules that will be un-watchable because VCR's were not buried with them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are seven year olds in America who have never had a white president
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are so many Asians in the world and I never see pregnant Asian ladies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are thousands of people who have never heard of and therefore died winning "The Game".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are three pronunciations of the letter 'a' in the name Abraham
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are tons of skeletons in the ground wearing tuxedoes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are too many people thinkng about Obama when they're in the shower.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are two kinds of jobs. Jobs where you shower before and jobs where you shower after.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There are two types of people in this world. Those who clear remaining time when they're done with the microwave, and monsters.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There can be a Facebook meme I really love or agree with, but if it says "Share if you agree!", I won't share it on principle.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There could have been boneless dinosaurs and we would never know about
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There exists a set of finite actions that, if I performed them in the correct order, would make me a millionaire in a day. I just don't know what they are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There exists an area so unfathomably large that humans refer to it simply as "space"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There has most likely been a time in your life in which you had an interaction with a stranger who died later that day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There have been no "how I got rich" books that involve ever reading a "how I got rich" book
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is God and there is man, it's only a matter of who created whom
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is a "d" in fridge but not refrigerator.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is a company called Kia and a company called Nokia. I'm not sure who to believe.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is a dog out there that understands more Chinese than me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is a family of bears that is obsessed with wiping their asses and it is known as "advertising".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is a special kind of sadness when you are about to post something witty in the comments only to find someone has already posted a better version of what you were thinking.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	There is a teenager in Italy who masturbated for the first time in his/her life just before the earthquake started. He low-key believes it was because of his own degenerate self.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is a teenager on Reddit right now who will become famous - causing future historians to pour over his dank memes looking for clues to write his biography.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is a whole generation that doesn't know that Pirates of the Caribbean was a Disneyland ride decades before it was ever a movie.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is a whole generation who will hear Bloodhound Gang's "The Bad Touch" and not understand what "do it like they do on the Discovery Channel" means.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is a whole number that exists so large that just to speak it would take you your entire lifetime.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is absolutely no reason for the alphabet to be in the order it's in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is an "i" in the middle of the word "hurricane"
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	There is more money being spent on breast implants and Viagra today, than on Alzheimer's research. This means that by 2040, there should be a large elderly population with perky boobs, huge erections, and absolutely no recollection of what to do with them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is no "i" in denial
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is no "i" in team...there is however an "i" in 'win', 'achievement', 'prevail', 'triumph', 'first place', 'gold medalist' and 'champion'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is no "we" in team either.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is no bigger failure of purpose than eyelashes falling into your eye.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is no food that looks more appetizing than a cartoon pizza.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	There is no greater human sense than then the male sense of hearing whilst watching porn in an occupied house.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is no time I have ever thought, 'Oh awesome, iTunes opened itself.'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is nothing more childish than the desire to grow up
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is nothing quite so beautiful as the spark in a person's eye when you bring up something they are passionate about.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is one day every year, where we unknowingly pass the anniversary of the day the Dinosaurs were wiped out by an asteroid.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	There is probably a person, somewhere in the world, who has sucked dick for Bitcoin.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is probably an actual person named Jake who works at State Farm, and he probably hears a joke about it every single day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There is probably someone out there literally taking a dump from 2014 to 2015
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There needs to be a YouTube series of a no-nonsense cop who watches famous scenes from Disney movies and tells us what illegal things are happening and what type of punishment they would get.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There needs to be a dryer setting for sheets that periodically reverses the drum spin so you don't end up with a giant burrito filled with still wet sheets.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There needs to be a fire detector that turns off when you yell "I'm just cooking".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There needs to be a reality show like wife swap, but instead, a poor family switched places with a rich family for at least two weeks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be Olympic paintball where countries send there special forces to compete.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a "GIF" tab on Google by now...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a "Getting Gas" button on your GPS or iPhone so that when you are getting off the highway to get gas, it will direct you in the right direction and not yell at you to make a U turn.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a "I Found A Phone" app on the lock screen of phones that the finder can input their number or an email address into and an email is sent to the owner.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a "Kickstarter" style website for funding scientific research and initiatives.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	There should be a "NSFW Only" setting that filters out all posts that aren't labeled "NSFW" so I can see everything I missed for the day without having to feed through everything I've already seen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a "PC Health Day", when everybody scans for viruses and updates their drivers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a "REPOST" option on all posts. If enough people click it, the post is automatically deleted and the original post takes its place.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a "blown out candle" scented candle.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a "meh" voting option on reddit, just an arrow pointing left or right, so that you can identify unread posts faster while scrolling.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	There should be a "no depressing shit" button on reddit.. I don't like looking at sad stuff.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a "one coffee only" line at Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a "pick a random episode" button on Netflix for the shows I've watched a million times.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	There should be a "registered false rape accusation" database much like we have a "registered sex offender" database.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a 'binge on' button in Netflix that automatically skips the theme song.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a 'post as anonymous' option so people don't need to keep making throwaways
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a 5 year marriage available. When the time is up, you could renew it, or just let it go.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a Blackfish like documentary for pugs and other exotic dogs that struggle on a daily basis and are bred for our amusement.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a Chrome extension that replaces any celebrity news with scientific facts
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	There should be a DEFCON system for NSFW posts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a Margarita truck that plays mariachi as it drives around the neighborhood at night. And we would hear it and run out with our money and wait for it on the curb. I would be so happy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a Mario Party theme park where we can go and play real life Mario Party. It would probably be a great way to end friendships.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a Netflix category that has the holiday episodes from all the different shows grouped together.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a PIN you could enter into an ATM that shows you only have $23.11, in case you get robbed for all your money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a Reddit "shuffle" function to completely switch up your front page instead of seeing the same posts for hours.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a Rotten Tomatoes type site that rates critics instead of films so we know whose opinions to completely ignore.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a TL;DR on terms and conditions
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a TV channel that shows failed TV pilot shows that most people have never seen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a Tinder for friends. I don't care about getting laid, but I'd really like a friend to play board games or go hiking with.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a YouTube channel where they take super strong acid and pour it on different stuff
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a battle of the bands at each half time show during the nfl playoffs and the winner moves on to the super bowl show
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a beer called "the Mondays" so you can happily say you "have a case of the Mondays."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a beer that takes 21 years to craft and age so on your 21st birthday you can drink a beer made at the same time you were.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a browser extension that changed famous names to "woman", "guy" or "human" to show how useless and ridiculous celebrity news is
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a button in Reddit to 'preload' a certain amount of gigabytes of your feed before a flight.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	There should be a button next to NSFW reddit posts to open the links in the incognito mode of your browser
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a car company named Edison that totally rips off Tesla's designs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a charity that works with hospitals and Netflix to give patients a temporary Netflix subscription while hospitalized
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a clock repair company with the motto "If it doesn't tick, tock to us"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a countdown at theaters from when the previews start until the actually movie starts, so I know if I have time to get a refill or use the bathroom before a movie
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a dating app called 'Dealbreaker' where you lead with your worst qualities so there are no surprises
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a dating site called eBae
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a dating site called netflix and chill, and people are only matched by how similar their netflix accounts are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a dating site that uses Drivers Licence photos, so dates will begin with low expectations
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a dog toy hidden inside each dog food bag just like there were toys in Cracker Jack boxes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a dollar store in the UK called "Pound Town"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a game where it starts with old school graphics and as you level up it gets better and better
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a game where you have to light the candles on your birthday cake and blow them out before the group can finish singing 'Happy Birthday'. That way, you have something to do instead of awkwardly sitting there.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a hair salon for introverts where all the stylists are comfortable with silence.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a hat store called "ALL CAPS" where the employees all yell at you
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a holiday called Galaxy Day. Where NASA shuts everything down (no light pollution) and everyone goes outside to look at the stars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a late show where the guests are just random people, and they talk about their whole life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a lesbian version of Grindr called Mufflr
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a mission in the next GTA game where you show up to a drug deal, it goes exactly as planned, and then the mission just ends with everyone getting what they wanted.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a mode on cell phones where you input how long you need the battery to last, and the phone will do everything it can to get to that point.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a movie about a hot college girl in love with a typical nerd. But the nerd is not in love with her.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a movie character that appears in different movies but keeps the same appearance and name ,whilst having their own story line, like an easter egg
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a movie rating based on how awkward it would be to watch with your parents.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a mute button on microwaves so that midnight snacks would be one second less stressful
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a part in an actors imdb page that says most confused with.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a place that guarantees not to talk to you while giving you a haircut.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a place where people with only one foot can connect with people of that are of only the other foot so that they can collaborate when purchasing shoes and such.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	There should be a porn star named Dwayne "The Cock" Johnson
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	There should be a porno about giving dick to poor women, called Robin Wood
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a restaurant called "It doesn't matter" for people to take their SO's who can't decide on what to eat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a reverse Angie's List where contractors can look up how customers treat people they hire
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	There should be a reverse Viagra that keeps your penis flaccid so you don't get a boner in an awkward situation.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	There should be a reverse-Yelp that warns businesses about shitty customers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a rule that movies can only use footage from the first 20 minutes of the film in the trailer
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a second horn in your car that is used to show appreciation for a smart driving maneuver.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a section on everyone's profile that shows how much karma they've given
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	There should be a shop where they have a boob scanner that 3D prints the perfect bra for you.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	There should be a shop where they have a boob scanner which 3D prints the perfect bra for you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a show called "Are you Smarter than an Adult?" meant to put 5th graders back in their place. They'd be asked questions like "What day are taxes due?" and "Explain how the electoral college works.".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a show called Finding People Finding Bigfoot. The premise of the show would be to dress up as Bigfoot and walk around the woods trying to get the investigators from the other show to find you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a show like chopped, but for tinkerers/engineers. Instead of food you get scrap and have to make an interesting concept.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a show like iron chef, but instead of making food they make Rube Goldberg Machines.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a smoke detector that shuts off when you yell "I"m just cooking"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a sperm bank called "Get a Load of This Guy".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a sub called ExplainLikeImAPHD where all the 'explanations' are in ridiculous amounts of academic jargon
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a sub where people can submit random challenges (to attempt in real life) and people reply with picture proof
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a subreddit called ELI65, for computer questions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a subreddit for road trips called "r/WeThereYet"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a subreddit where you describe your facial characteristics and sketch artists draw what they think you look like, then you post your picture afterwards. Call it PoliceSketchme.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a subreddit where you post a photo of your mother and father, and state your gender. Then, like PhotoshopBattles, people can try and make mashups to guess what you look like.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a superhero called Placebo-Man. He doesn't actually have any superpowers at all, he's just a normal guy that everyone thinks is a superhero.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a system where you send companies proof that you purchased their product, and then you don't have to watch their commercials anymore.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a take your parent to work day so that they can see what their kid has grown up to be.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a technology subreddit called explainitlikeimseventy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a thing called "Secret Satan" where people draw each others names and then secretly prank each other throughout December.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a universal word which politely means "Sorry, I don't speak your language".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a version of how it's made where they don't say what's being made until the end, so you can guess what it is while it's made.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a website where people can submit tl;dr of legal agreements for the apps we all use
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a website where you can enter all of your measurements and find out what clothing brands will likely fit you best.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a website where you can sign up and swap your Halloween costume with another person every year to save yourself money.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a website where you enter a location and it gives you a list of dinosaurs that lived there.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be a word for getting nostalgic about a video game, installing it, playing it for 10 minutes and getting bored because you've already finished it a hundred times and then deleting in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be affordable universities for people who just want to continue learning throughout life. Not to get a degree, or a better job; just a place to learn, foster ideas and meet others who are doing the same.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an American Idol for new TV shows, where we get to vote for the shows we want to see developed based off of pilot episodes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an ELI65 to help seniors around here who want to get caught up on things in the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an Unwatch button for Netflix so I can keep watching a show after my girlfriend falls asleep and not have her get mad at me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an anti-front page, where you can see the most downvoted posts of the day.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	There should be an apologetic car horn so when you fuck up in traffic you can say sorry without upsetting the other driver even more.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an app like tinder but for jobs. Like hey you have 42 jobs that meet your qualifications near you. Then the company can swipe left for awful applications.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an app like tinder where you approve someone based on their interests before seeing a picture so those of us who don't want to date can just freaking find friends!
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	There should be an app that claims to detect pregnancies, just to see how many girls piss on their phones
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an app that looks up a police officers badge number or name and lets you rate cops by professionalism and display any connected articles about them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an app that, if you a cross a state or national border, tells you what laws are different when you cross.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an app version of the Boy Scouts for adults that teaches outdoorsman skills and gives merit badges for GPS tracked hikes and campouts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an app where I can enter in my eyeglass prescription and the screen will adjust so that I don't need to wear my glasses when using my device.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an average person running/swimming alongside the Olympic athletes to show just how athletic these competitors are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an email setting that allows you to set a value (lets say 50) and if you don't open an email that many times in a row it will automatically unsubscribe you from it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an emergency pin code for your bank account that gives out money but also notifies the police
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an episode of Big Bang Theory where they are sitting around watching Big Bang Theory but it has different actors and they are ridiculing the scientific inaccuracies in the show they are watching.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an express line in coffee shops for those of us that only want coffee so we don't have to wait for all the ridiculous "fancy" drinks to be made
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	There should be an incognito mode on Netflix, for the times when you're drunk/high and don't want to fuck up your recommendations by watching Paul Blart: Mall Cop 2
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an island or neutral country (switzerland) that hosts the Olympics and re-uses phenomenal facilities for winter and/or summer olympics.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an official Youtube video that establishes a baseline "loudness" so that editors can standardize it and so I don't have to change my volume constantly
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an option of seeing only posts that you haven't clicked yet in your daily reddit front page.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an optional "people are sleeping" button on the microwave so stop from all the extra loud beeping.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be an organization that helps hoarders get rid of their things and donate it all to developing countries, called Hoarders Without Boarders
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be bloopers at the end of horror films to relax the viewer before sleeping
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be confetti in tires so when there is a blow out it's still kind of an okay day
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be dorms for single adults similar to the ones at colleges. When you're single, life would be a lot better if you are surrounded by attractive members of the opposite sex and get all of your food made for you in a cafeteria.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be movie theaters with separate bathrooms per screen and the audio playing while you go.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be paparazzi that follow the staff of TMZ around and expose their lives to the public.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should be signs telling you when drug free school zones end so you know when it's OK to do drugs again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should by a gym where the membership fee is extremely high at the beginning of the month but you earn money back for every day you end up going and working out for at least an hour.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should only be one cheerleader per team. The rest should be cheermembers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There should've been a Bond film in 2007.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There was a point in the past when 1 Terabyte was roughly the total amount of storage on the planet.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	There was a time when I could masturbate to a drawing of a cleavage in a comic book, but now I can't even get erect until I find "that" porn video.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There was an alien invasion of the moon in 1969.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There were James Bond movies released in 2006 and 2008, but not 007.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There will be a day in my life that I will be the hottest, dapperest, most handsome I've ever been and ever will be.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There will come a point when the word "Hurrah" is used for the final time. This will literally be The Last Hurrah.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There will never be any more people older than me than there are right now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There will probably be an immortal mouse before there is an immortal human.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's 7.4b people on Earth, but with the advent of air travel they will never all be on Earth
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's a big bag of deadly acid in the middle of my body and I'm supposed to be totally okay with that.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's a big difference between a "butt dial" and a "booty call" even though the words are interchangeable
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's a decent chance Rick Astley gave up on that girl.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's a kid out there who actually has the strongest dad in the world.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's a kid out there who has to go his whole life knowing he's the reason Harambe died.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's a little under 500 billionaires on this planet and not a single one of those losers has decided to become Batman.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's a massive difference between eating ramen noodles because you want to and eating them because you have to.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's a moment in every Redditors day where they finally click that boring looking link they've ignored this morning because everything else is already purple.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's a place in London with £9.00 coffee. My t-shirt cost £6. If I spilt some on my t-shirt I'd be annoyed that I'd got t-shirt on my coffee
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's a point when parents stop hoping you're not having sex, and start hoping you ARE having sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's a pretty good chance that I've unwittingly come across dead people's comments when browsing somewhat older reddit threads.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's enough apps for finding friends and lovers and soulmates. I want an app that helps me find my arch enemy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's most likely a girl from your high school who has a sex tape on the internet and you'll most likely never find that video.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's no 'd' in 'refrigerator' but there is in 'fridge'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's no better alarm clock than a dog preparing to puke on the carpet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's no louder sound than the crunch of something you are not supposed to be eating.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's no way for me to say that generalizations are stupid without being a hypocrite.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's no way that EVERYBODY was Kung Fu fighting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's nothing more suspicious than a clear browser history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's nothing wrong with taking candy from a baby, because babies shouldn't be eating candy in the first place.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's nothing you can say to a guy who's been struck by lightning multiple times to convince him that his chances of getting hit again are the same as anyone else.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's probably a Shiba-Inu dog owner somewhere, who's never been on the internet and wonders why strangers point and speak like total idiots whenever he walks it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's probably a number between 1 and 1,000 that I've never said before.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's probably an IT guy at the Whitehouse that knows what the President faps to.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's probably an employee named Jake who works at State Farm, who's had it with people's jokes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's probably more praying going on in a casino than in a church.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's probably several girls that I married while on the swing set in elementary school that I never got a divorce with
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's way less public bathroom graffiti these days due to the advent of pooping with a smartphone in hand.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Theres no "d" in refrigerator but theres a "d" in fridge?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	There's a stereotype that black people are lazy. I don't know if that's true, but I know white people went all the way to Africa to get out of doing work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	These clown sightings weren't an issue when Harambe was alive....
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	These naked humans keep getting inside me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They *should* make another "Taken" movie, about Liam Neeson's character being under-appreciated for trying to keep his family safe. "Taken 4: Granted"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They Should Reboot Frozen With a Black Kid and Have Him Grow Up to be Frozone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They better put emergency alert signals on Netflix, because nobody is going to see them on TV anymore.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They call it Tampax 'Pearl' because you hide the tampon in your clam...
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	They call it a Beaver (vagina) because it eats Wood (penis)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They could replace the entire D.A.R.E. program with single viewing of Requiem for a Dream, and it would be more effective.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They just discovered sharks around Greenland that have been swimming non-stop for longer than the US has been a country.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They need to make phones fully waterproof so we can start pushing people into pools again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They really missed a great opportunity by not calling a group of squid, a squad
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They really need a cricket emoji, for when people don't reply to a text.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They say Taco Bell isn't real Mexican, but it does the job for half the price...that's about as Mexican as it gets.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They say it takes fewer muscles to smile than to frown, but it takes even less to leave your face in an expressionless mask because you're dead inside.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They say laziness makes you fat, but being too lazy to prepare food has been a big reason for me being underweight for years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They say murdering small animals is an early warning sign of a serial killer. Luke Skywalker used to bullseye womp rats with his T-16 back home. There is something wrong in the Skywalker gene pool.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should announce a sequel to Groundhog Day and just release the original.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should announce a sequel to Groundhog Day and then just re-release the original.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should attach go-pro's to all the jockey's in the Grand National and then people at home could select which horse to watch during the race
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should call cowboy clothes "Ranch Dressing"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should call it "Child Hoarders" instead of "19 Kids and Counting."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should call the big boxes of condoms the ANTI-Family pack.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	They should censor female nipples with male nipples since male nipples are apparently ok to show in media.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	They should change the word "Gunman" to "Jackass". The news would sound so much better. "Police cornered the jackass after a long standoff."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should charge less for drinks in the drive-thru because you can't refill them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should create a teenage-version of "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire," but instead of a million dollars, the winner gets a full scholarship to the university of their choice
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should do a sequel to Ferris Bueller's Day Off where he skips a day of work as an adult.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should get rid of the "small, medium, large" sizes for things like fries and soda, and instead use calorie content. "I'd like 1500 calories of fries, a bacon cheese burger, and a liter of diet coke"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should get the scientists who work on shampoo technology to move to more important fields like cancer research. Judging by commercials, they seem to be making scientific breakthroughs at an astounding rate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should grow super big cucumbers so we can have pickle slices that cover our entire hamburgers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should hand out a gold medal to the oldest person on earth during each olympics, because life is the toughest sport there is
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should have a countdown on the screen in movie theaters so you know if you have time to go to the bathroom before the movie starts
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should have brake lights on the front of cars too, so people at intersections know if the other person is slowing down
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should have made a remake of Ned's Declassified School Survival guide where Ned's grown up and he gives tips and tricks on how to survive college.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should invent some kind of edible tape that you could use for holding down parts of different foods, like the ends of a burrito.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should just start using liquid soap in jails.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should just turn off each candidate's mic when they run over the time limit....and also taze them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make "Ferris Bueller's Day Off 2" with Matthew Broderick as a middle-aged white collar worker playing hooky from work
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	They should make "college porn", in which all the actors and actresses lines are actual college study guides for specific courses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make a Batman Shampoo, and pair it with a Conditioner Gordon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make a Canadian GTA so you don't have to pay the hospital every time you die
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make a Jurassic Park film where everyone turns up to the park and enjoys the dinosaurs safely and then returns home to submit positive online reviews
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make a Shazam for bird calls where it identifies the kind of bird making the call.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make a lesbian version of grindr called scissr
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make a movie about The Spanish Inquisition and release it without announcing or advertising it beforehand.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make a movie where the main character has multiple personalities. His internal monologue is narrated by Morgan Freeman when he's good, and Samuel L. Jackson when he's bad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make a realistic expansion for The Sims, where you start off with a college degree, no house, no job and no money... You just move into your parents basement at which point the game closes and launches World of Warcraft.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make a special reddit for bedtime, called beddit, that only lets you look at calm, peaceful happy things, not creepy or sad things.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make a tinder for orphans and parents looking to adopt...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make condoms that turn a certain color when you stick them into some STDs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make episodes of How It's Made where they don't tell you what item they are making until the end.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make fun, adult-sized, adult-only playgrounds. More people would get exercise that way.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make it so if you lose your phone on vibrate you can call your number, enter a code, and it turns the ringer volume on so you can find it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make little sticks that sit behind your steering wheel to help people communicate with others on the road when they want to make a turn or merge into others lane.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should make realistic Gatorade commercials where hungover people try to drink it without sitting up all the way.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should mark the last tissues in a box with red lines like they do with receipt paper.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should permanently host the Olympics in Athens, so there will be no need to build new venues and it will provide a boost to the Greek economy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should put a Braille dot on USB cables so you plug them in the first time every time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should put a button on television remotes that fades the screen to black and rolls credits so I can tell my kids the show is over whenever the hell I want.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	They should put a tiny message at the end of chapstick tubes congratulating you for not losing the damn thing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should put alarms on car keys that go off when your car alarm goes off.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should put dog toys in the bottom of bags of dog food.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should put panic buttons INSIDE cash registers, so you can press it whilst looking like you're retrieving cash
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should put password requirements next to the login so I can remember which variation of my password I used.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should release 2 super hero movies at the same time. One from the protagonist POV and the other from the antagonist POV. Let the audience decide who is right.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should release an album of all the photos Bender took whenever he said "Neat" and snapped away.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	They should remake shitty movies instead of good ones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should rename Wet Dreams to Snoregasms
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should require cities to pass water and air quality minimums to be a final candidate to host the Olympics
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should show regular people attempting olympic events before the athletes to remind everyone of how incredible the athletes are
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should stop naming hurricanes after generic first names, but instead solicit corporate sponsors who would pay a marketing fee to help offset the damage costs of the impending storm in exchange for publicity
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They should stop selling razors by gender and start selling them by which part of the body you are shaving. i.e. Groin razors, face razors, leg razors
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	They should take Reddit down for a week and fuck with the internet "Writers" that steal all their content from it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They was a moment when your mother put you down and never picked you up ever again. She would (most likely) never have realised that moment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	They're called Trojan condoms because they help you come inside safely.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thieves should carry handheld vacuums to scare away guard dogs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Think about how dangerous and bizarre Walmart would be if it were as poorly lit as Hollister.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Think how fortunate you are that your ancestors survived disease, war and feral beasts just so you could scroll on Reddit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Think of all the medieval chefs who were put to death for "poisoning" kings that had nut allergies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thinking back on it, saying the pledge of allegiance every morning before school started was kind of weird and cult-like
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This Ahmed kid should make watches and call them terror wrists
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This Halloween they should make Google's homepage "Ghoulgle"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This Olympics is on track to be the worst Olympics in history and we already have a Nazi Hosted Olympics in the books.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This afternoon, this sub is going to blow up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This century is already 15% over.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This entire month is pi month.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This generation's kids will grow up thinking the guy on Newman's Own salad dressing is just another fictional mascot
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This is likely the first world conflict where refugees look forward to boarding German trains.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This is probably the first time in history where men are wanting to see a movie about a teddy bear, and women want to see a movie about strippers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This is the first time I have made it through the month of October without hearing "Monster Mash" once.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This is the most engaged America has been in a debate about color in a long time
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This is the most recent sentence you have read.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This is the only subreddit where it pretty much requires that you were naked when thinking of a post, but the post has nothing to do with you being naked.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	This isn't NSFW but will be flagged as such because bots don't understand double negatives.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	This shitstorm started when the button ended... The button was the countdown to reddits death
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This sub is gonna become much more active once waterproof phones become the standard.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This sub is very popular yet completely karmaless
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This subreddit is one of the few I can thoroughly enjoy without ever opening the posts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This subreddit would be way more popular if we all had waterproof phones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This time next month it'll be March.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	This time of the year is perfect for masturbating. If any of your loved ones ask why your door is locked, you can just say you were wrapping gifts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This would be the absolute perfect time to actually rob Ryan Lochte.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	This year's Penn State graduating class will be PEN15
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Those "please disable adblock" messages are just ads for ads.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Those custom child bedrooms made in Extreme Makeover Home Edition must suck for the teenagers that live in them now
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Those who are applying to optometry school for the upcoming year will be the Class of "2020"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Those who make a big deal out of people sharing 99% of genes with chimps don't mention that people also share 50% of genes with bananas
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Thought from my Grandfather today, 'Life was tough then, but society is harder now'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Threads are called threads because they are on the web
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Threatening to call the cops is the adult version of saying "I'm telling on you."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Throughout all my years working construction, I've never once used a piece of construction paper.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tiger Woods is a terrifying golf opponent, but an even more terrifying golf location
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tim Curry is British, famous in the US, and 69 years old. He must be bricking it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Time could be freezing for billions of years every five minutes and we would have no idea.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Time is said to heal all wounds, but it also literally kills everyone and everything.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Time machines need to be teleportation machines also because otherwise you'll end up in the middle of space while the earth has orbited somewhere else entirely.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Time travel either has always existed, or it never will.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Time travel might be discovered before it's invented
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Timmy Turner turned 23 yesterday. That means he's old enough to have kids who have fairy godparents.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tinder and Spotify should pair up and match you with people who listen to the same music as you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tinder could pull data on how many people like your profile vs how many who view it and give you a percentile based off all people of your age and sex. They could literally tell you if are a 4 or a 9 based on unbiased data.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tinfoil hatters probably thought it was a huge conspiracy when tin was replaced with aluminum.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tipping your waiter is like paying shipping and handling for your food.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Titanic was released 85 years after the incident and was a loved movie. I wonder if in 2096 it would be acceptable to make a love story of 9/11
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To a dog, farts are just long distance handshakes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To a fish a catch and release is much like an alien abduction.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To aliens, earth must look like that desperate loser that keeps sending messages nobody responds to and cant take a hint.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To an illiterate person, alphabet soup, is just weird noodles.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To announce who the new Batman was they should have released an image of the actor in costume then have people work out who he is from the face to see if Batman's disguise is good enough.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To ask, "If we evolved from apes, then why are there still apes?" is akin to asking, "If America was colonized by the British, then why are there still British?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To be called inconsistent, you have to be consistently inconsistent. Making you consistent.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To clean something you must get another thing dirty.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To date, I still haven't heard a better version of Hallelujah than the one on the Shrek soundtrack.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To deaf people, cats vibrate when happy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To find a needle in a haystack all you have to do is burn down the haystack.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To get laid is good. To get off is good. To get laid off is bad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To market to teenagers, Febreeze should make a hidden camera commercial where they fill a car full of weed and spray it with Febreeze, then get parents to say the car smells like flowers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To me, everyone on Reddit has the same sounding voice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To most Christians the Bible is like a software user agreement. They don't actually read it; they just scroll to the end and click "I agree."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To most of the girls of /r/gonewild their face is their most private part.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To save the Panda from extinction, we need to start eating them. If there was a market for panda, someone somewhere would get them to breed, no question.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To sleep, you have to pretend to be asleep until you actually are
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To the dinosaurs, we live in a post-apocalyptic future.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To the guy that invented zero, thanks for nothing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	To the man who put a 'B' in 'subtle', bravo.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Toasters should be transparent, so you can see how toasted your bread is before it burns
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tobacco companies kill their best customers and condom companies kill their future customers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tobacco companies kill their best customers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tobacco companies should be leading in the search for a cancer cure. The day after a cure is found, sales of cigarettes are going to go up by 500,000% from the millions of us that quit for health / longevity reasons.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today I beat my personal record for most days lived
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today I broke my personal best Record for most consecutive days lived.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today I looked down and could see my chest actually move a little bit from my heartbeat. Being alive is pretty interesting when you stop to actually look at it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today I turn 23. Since 23 is a prime number, I'm literally in the prime of my youth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today I watched TV on the internet, played a VR game on my phone, smoked weed ordered online and made a grocery order which arrived at my door in 2 hours. It truly is the future.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today a blimp's only purpose is to make you go "hey it's a blimp"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today earphones have replaced hats. You take them off only when you meet someone you have respect for.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today i went To The toliet without my phone and there 112 tiles in the bathroom
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today is Mario day. MAR 10. MAR10
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today is Thursday, a day named after the Nordic God, Thor. To celebrate, I will be drinking heavily and throwing hammers at my coworkers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today is like 4/20 for alcoholics
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today is the only day of the year that's a command. March 4th
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today is the worst Monday of the year for everyone, so far
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today is today's birthday.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today my shampoo, conditioner, and body wash all ran out simultaneously. That'll probably never happen again as long as I live.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today on 11/11, Europeans and Americans don't confuse each other about what date it is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today reddit thought that the over stock of french fries was more interesting than discovering a new potentially habitable planet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today there are probably more hungover homosexuals than any time in human history.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today was the most important day in somebody's life, and all I did was browse reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today would be a terrible day to introduce an overweight friend to Reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today's date (2-20-2015) looks like it's stuttering
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today's date (2-20-2016) sounds like it's stuttering
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today's date is 100/1000/10000 in binary.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today's date is 2²/3²/4².
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today's date is a palindrome. 6-10-2016
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today's date is palindrome. 5-10-2015.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today, Hannah Montana would be Miley Cyrus' mild-mannered alter ego.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Today, as I go off to work, I'm cosplaying a responsible adult who doesn't get baked as shit every night.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Today, the girl next to me was doing a good job and I thought in my head, "She's doing good." Then in my head, I corrected myself: "She's doing well." Then I remembered we're at a non-profit so this is probably the first time I've seen both apply.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Toddlers and Tiaras seems like it's both a prequel and sequel to 16 and Pregnant
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Together, the Black Keys and the White Stripes could form a super band called the Grand Piano.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Toilet paper should be free and have advertising printed on it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Toilet seats should have a step like a garbage can that lifts the seat up for males.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Toilets are perfectly designed to act as fart amplifiers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Toilets should have a foot pedal to lift the seat, like trash cans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tolkien died in 1973. Turn that around and you get 3791. Three Rings for the Elven-kings under the sky,Seven for the Dwarf-lords in their halls of stone,Nine for Mortal Men doomed to die,One for the Dark Lord on his dark throne.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tom Cruise is 53 years old. His first wife is now 59. His second wife is now 48. His third wife is now 36. His current girlfriend is 22. Soon he will be dating a prepubescent girl. (Or boy.)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tom Cruise predominantly plays characters that fight / kill aliens, but is a member of a religion that worships aliens as deities.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tom Hanks could easily choose to sign off a letter with just - Thanks
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tom had to be the dumbest if he got a whole new level of foolery named after him.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tomorrow I graduate. In all likelihood at least one picture taken will be used at my funeral to remember me. Tomorrow I pose for my funeral.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tomorrow at 8:25pm and 30 seconds, it will be 5/10/15 20:25:30
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tomorrow is the last sequential date of the century - ending an 11-year run. 12/13/14. The first being 01/02/03. Many of us may never see a date like this again in our lifetimes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tomorrow's date (04 Aug 16) is 2^2 / 2^3 / 2^4
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tomorrow's date will be 2^2/2^3/2^4.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tomorrow, /r/TIFU will be flooded with people's pranks gone horribly wrong.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tony Stark is an atheist, yet one of his friends is literally a god.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Too often I close an interesting thread because I wasn't satisfied with the top comment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tooth brushing = skeleton polishing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Toothpaste manufacturers: why don't you release a toothpaste that does "everything" instead of making me feel guilty about choosing which aspect of my teeth i'm neglecting everytime i buy a specific toothpaste?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Top 40 radio sucks because the same 6 artists sing 100 songs; Christmas music sucks because 100 artists sing the same 6 songs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Touch-free soap dispensers are pretty pointless if the soap actually works.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Toys R Us should change their mascot from a giraffe to a dinosaur, a "Toysaurus".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Trademarking is the adult version of "I called it first"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Trailer Park Boys are the adult version of Ed, Edd &amp; Eddy. Three nutjobs try a bunch of schemes to get rich, and almost always fail hilariously.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Traveling is just a real world type of DLC: you pay a bunch of money to unlock a part of the game that you couldn't get to otherwise.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Tree houses force trees to hold up the corpses of their fallen brothers and let children play inside of them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Trees are just backwards lungs. Both functionally, and structurally.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Trees live underground and use the above-ground part as a snorkel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Trophy wives are prostitutes that are paid a salary instead of hourly.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Trucknuts never have a penis on them because the dick is driving the truck
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	True Embarrassment lies within your first email address
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	True friends say good things behind your back and bad things to your face.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Try to change the volume of your thoughts. Its always the same.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Trying to convince people that something needs to be done about climate change feels oddly similar to trying to convince people to help clean up at a party in progress.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Trying to get rich by playing the lottery is like trying to commit suicide by flying on commercial airlines.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Trying to get rich by winning the lottery is like trying to commit suicide by flying on commercial airlines.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Trying to lose a game of rock-paper-scissors is just as hard as trying to win.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Turning 20 means I have now beaten teen pregnancy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Turning off your alarm is like accepting the day's terms and conditions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Turning up the volume is like zooming in, but with sound.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Twilight is a series of books where a teenage girl tries to make up her mind if bestiality is better than necrophilia.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Twitter makes me like people I've never met. Facebook makes me hate people I used to like.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Two babies born at the same time on different sides of the world would have different birthdays.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Two days ago I was 17, next year I'll be 20. Only people born on December, 31st can make this claim.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Two decades ago, our internet couldn't work without our phones. Today our phones can't work without the internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Two of the biggest problems after a hurricane are not having enough water and having way too much water.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Two people can be born at the exact same time yet have different birthdays because of time zones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Two people could be born at exactly the same time, but have different birthdays due to the timezones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	U2 were able to get on to everyone's iPhones, but the FBI cannot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	US grenades are shaped like baseballs because it's something young soldiers would have experience throwing. The next generation of grenades should be shaped like X-Box controllers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	USA is like your hipster friend who hates mainstream stuff like soccer and the metric system.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	USA vs. Germany... England vs. Japan... The women's world cup is getting a little bit WWIIish
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	USB sounds like a backup in case the USA fails.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Uber should have a "no small talk" option when requesting a car
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Uber should have a senior discount so elderly people wouldn't have to drive if they feel like they can't drive safely
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Uber should have a service called Muber, which has drivers with big cars who are willing to help you carry stuff and move.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Uber' Ad campaign should be, "Feel free to get Uber drunk tonight"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ugly Christmas sweaters were only interesting when they weren't intentionally ugly. Ugly Christmas sweater parties essentially killed ugly Christmas sweater parties.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Underwear should be sold in packs of seven...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Universities should be free upfront and take 10% of your earnings for the first 10 years of your career. So they would be motivated to teach you useful stuff.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Unless life also hands you sugar and water, your lemonade is going to suck.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Unless you do your laundry naked, your laundry will never be truly all done.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Unless you're a celebrity, Twitter is like talking to yourself in a crowded room.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Unprotected sex is like taking case off your phone. It feels great but you know you'll probably fuck up and have to pay a lot of money
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Until the first sound recorder, no one is history would have know that their voice doesn't sound how it does in their head
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Unvaccinated children are less likely to be autistic because they are more likely to be dead
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Up until you died, being a taste tester for the king probably wasn't that bad of a job
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Up voting something that has already made it to the front page is like giving Bill gates a dollar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Urban Dictionary is nice, but I could really use an Urban Thesaurus.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Urban Dictionary will someday be a valuable resource to anthropologists studying the 21st century
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Urinals should have a screen showing how many ounces you've pissed along with high scores.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Usain Bolt, has had less than 5 and a half minutes of "game time" in his whole Olympic career. About the same as injury time added to the average football game.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Using Internet Explorer to download Chrome is like the mob making people dig their own grave
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Using baby wipes to clean up after sex is very literal
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Using energy from a wind farm to power a fan is like shipping wind long distance.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Using glasses after 18 years of not knowing you needed them is like getting a next generation graphics boost. I knew stuff had texture, but I didn't realize it was so detailed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Using solar panels to power an air conditioning unit is like using the Sun's power against itself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Using swype keyboards is like texting in cursive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Using the flashlight on my 1% charged phone to find the charger is basically the premise of Suicide Squad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Using your old laptop to research buying a new one is like asking it to dig its own grave
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Using your phone without a case is like having sex without a condom - it's risky but feels amazing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Using your smartphone to research your next smartphone is like asking your girlfriend which of her friends you should date next.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Usually while watching How Its Made I wonder how the machines are made that make the product.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	V, The Roman numeral for 5, is the top half of X, the Roman numeral for 10.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Valentine's Day tomorrow, everybody is gonna be waking up to cute paragraphs &amp; I'm gonna be waking up to "100% charged" and "update iCloud storage"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Valve (Steam) should put machines like Coinstar in GameStop and at malls so that you can put your loose change into your Steam Wallet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Vampires are intelligent but to kill them you destroy their heart, zombies are mindless but to kill them you destroy their brain.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Vampires are pretty well-groomed considering they did it all without a mirror.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Vampires don't like sunlight but moonlight is actually also sunlight
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Vampires only suck your blood for Vitamin D because they can't go out in the sun themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Vampires should be called hemogoblins.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Vaping without nicotine is basically sucking on a pacifier for adults
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Veins are like silly straws for vampires
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ventriloquists can probably hold a conversation with their dentist through an appointment
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Very few things on Reddit are as useless as the NSFW tag on shower thoughts.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Viagra is like caps lock for your dick.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Viagra should be classified as a hard drug.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Viagra's slogan should be "No more fucking problems"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Victoria is living the dream we all have when we get fired - that the company that fired us will instantly and fantastically fall apart.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Victoria should do an AMA explaining why she was let go
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Video Games from my childhood get less nostalgic as I progress through the game because I was never able to get this far when I was younger.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Video game monsters always carry gold because that's what the villain paid them to kill you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Videos of people driving and snapchatting should be enough evidence to suspend or revoke licenses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Virgin drinks should all be served with a cherry.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Virginity is the one thing in the world where people actively seek someone with zero experience as if that would somehow make them more qualified for the task.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Virtual reality porn is going to cause a major increase of people getting caught masturbating.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Volcanoes are basically just Earth's zits.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Voldemort was 71 when he died and the average life span in the the UK is 80 years, so had Voldemort not searched for eternal life he probably would have actually lived longer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	WWI and WWII were 21 years apart and in the first we used horses and in the second we used atomic bombs
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	WWII is one of the rare sequels to top the original, yet no one wants to see it become a trilogy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	WWW is a crappy acronym. It takes 3 syllables and makes it 9
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Waiting phone times would be a lot less boring If you were connected to another random person waiting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wake up earlier on weekends. Now you get to sleep in for 5 days a week instead of two.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Waking up with a hangover is like rebooting in safe mode. The main functions still work, but it's impossible to get anything else done.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Waldo has been traveling all over the world for years and never chosen a place to call home. Maybe the person trying the hardest to find Waldo is himself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Walking into a glass door is the best complement a window washer can get.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wallets are just pockets that we put in our pockets
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wallets are just pockets we put in our pockets.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Walmart and others should offer a live stream on Black Fridays of their stores for people to watch as entertainment!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Walruses are sabertooth seals.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Walter White did a better job of getting rid of drug dealers than Hank.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Warm beer and cold coffee are the same temperature.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Warren buffet and I have a combined net worth of over 67 billion dollars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Was Bingo the name of the farmer or the dog?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Was medium fructose corn syrup ever considered or did we just crank that shit to HIGH right off the bat?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Washers and dryers have been on top of each other for awhile now, but I've never seen a washer that utilized gravity to automatically drop wet clothes into the dryer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Watching Horror movies during Valentines day won't make you feel like you're alone anymore.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Watching Jeopardy backwards would be about a panel of 3 people asking Alex Trebek questions that he always gets right.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Watching Scooby Doo growing up made me think that losing my glasses would be a much more frequent and severe problem in life
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Watching a 2 hour film on Netflix is too big of a commitment but 4 episodes of a TV show? No problem
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Watching a snapchat from Team Snapchat is like having Tom as a friend on Myspace
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Watching an Ad three million times on Hulu makes me hate the company more than anything
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Watching parkour experts playing tag would be awesome
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Watching porn and masturbating is like watching the food network and eating bread.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Watching the first episode of Firefly and deciding to binge-watch the rest is like getting into a relationship with someone you know will die in 24 hours.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Water (blue) + Sun (yellow) = Plants (green)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Water is just a portal to a universe where you can fly, but you can't breathe.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Water is just rusty hydrogen
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Waterboarding at Guantanamo Bay sounds super rad if you don't know what either of those things are.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We actually advertise when our food has real food in it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We admire hair when its on someone's head but the second it is no longer attached to the head it becomes gross.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We all are at bottom of an ocean of air.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We all could have literally been created a second ago along with all our memories. Nobody could tell.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We all know there is a secret service, which means there isn't a secret service.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We all walk around with 4K cameras in our pockets but every time there's a terrorist attack the surveillance footage was filmed by a potato
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We always say "drugs and alcohol" as if alcohol isn't a drug. Why don't we just say "drugs?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We are all dying at an alarmingly fast rate. Eating and drinking just pushes that impending death back by a few hours
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We are all just one hit away from being one hit wonders.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We are all living at the bottom of an ocean of Oxygen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We are all technically unpaid employees of reddit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We are closer to 2062, the year depicted in the Jetsons, than to 1962, the year in which the Jetsons debuted.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We are effectively living in the opposite of The Matrix. We're in the real world but trying to live in a digital one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We are expected to do our jobs as if we don't have children and at the same time raise our children as if we don't have jobs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We are fortunate enough to live in a country where if we hear random explosions in the distance, our mind thinks "oh, someone's celebrating"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We are getting a new Steve Jobs movie every other year because movie studios know that Apple fans already buy almost the same product every two years anyway.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We are going to feel pretty silly when it turns out North Korea has been firing missiles at sea monsters this whole time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We are lucky to have our ears are at the perfect height for wearing glasses
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We are now so desensitized to terrorism that the Brussels attack is off the front page in less than 10 hours.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We are too lazy to go take a shower, but once we do, we don't want to leave anymore.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We ask 18-year-olds to make huge decisions about their career and financial future, when a month ago they had to ask to go to the bathroom.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We ask Google questions, we get Yahoo Answers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We avoid risks in life so we can safely make it to our deaths.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We call our upper-arms our "guns" and our guns arms.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	We call people assholes,dicks and pussies but nobody call each other nipples
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We can land an RC car on the surface of Mars, but it still takes a finger up the anus to test for prostate cancer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We can no longer tell children they're like 'a broken record' because they won't understand. Instead, we have to tell them they are 'acting like a glitch' when they continuously repeat themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We can't consider Mexicans in general to be stereo-typically lazy, while also being mad at them for taking all the jobs we don't want to do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We contemplate so much in the shower because it's one of the few places we can't use electronic devices to distract ourselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We could have 13 months in a year each with 28 days instead of the current system. that means each month would be exactly 4 weeks so days of the week would land on the same place every year.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We don't get chain E-mail anymore because the people that proliferated it are sharing useless crap on Facebook now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We don't give the people who browse the New section enough credit for finding us all of the good posts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We don't kill time, time actually kills us
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We don't pronounce the "k" in knowledge until we acknowledge it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We eat candy that tastes like fruit instead of just eating fruit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We eat pizza from the inside out
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We encourage ugly people to love themselves but hate pretty people who do
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We get angry at our alarm clock when it wakes us up and just as angry when it fails to wake us up
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We get taught in school to not give in to peer pressure but we don't get taught not to pressure our peers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We go to coffee shops to drink coffee (a stimulant) to focus and expect a quiet atmosphere, and we go to taverns and bars to drink alcohol (a depressant) to socialize and expect a loud atmosphere.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We grew up being taught not to get in cars with strangers and now we hop into Ubers like it's nothing.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	We have approximately 780000km of nerves in our bodies, yet a single one in my tooth is enough to fuck up my whole week.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We have automatic sliding doors everywhere except where they would be most useful: bathroom entrances.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We have self driving cars, but we can't figure out a way to make sensor faucets actually work when we wave our hand under them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We have the best quality microphones and speakers for leisure, but places like airports which make important announcements seem to use awful equipment.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We have two minutes to live but breathing resets the clock.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We have two universal languages: mathematics, and music. One to describe the universe, and one to describe how we feel about it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We humans are so social that when we're alone for a while we almost-unconsciously start conversing with ourselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We humans have set up a society in which we require a minimum number of laps around the sun for a person to drink fermented plant juice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We invented phones so we wouldn't have to type out our messages. Look at us now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We invented plates to keep our food off the ground. Then, we invented tables to keep our plates off the ground, which were invented to keep our food off the ground. Then, we used tablecloths to keep our plates off our tables.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We jokingly talk to our pets with random barks and meows and think nothing of it, but if our pets ever replied in random human voices or sounds we would be amazed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We judge the quality of seafood by how little it tastes like seafood.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We left the decision on the future of the United Kingdom with the same people who came up with Boaty McBoatface.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We live in a 1940 Nazi's dystopian future
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We live in a society so selfish that people get offended FOR other people so they get attention
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We live in a time in which we can listen to virtually any song on at any time, but if a song I love happens to come on the radio, I am THRILLED
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We live in a time when it's more socially acceptable for a child to be on amphetamines than it is for an adult to smoke pot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We live in a world where "the Dr. Oz show" is taken seriously, and "Adam Ruins Everything" is just a comedy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We live in a world where GTA is a kid's game and Candy Crush is an adult's game
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We live in a world where lemonade is made from artificial flavors and furniture polish is made from real lemons..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We live in a world where trained cops can panic &amp; act on impulse, but untrained civilians must remain calm with a gun in their face.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We live in a world with self driving cars able to talk across oceans in milliseconds and sending people into space yet vending machines still can't handle a crumpled dollar
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We live in an age where the least trusted source of news is the media.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We live in an age where your last words may be an emoticon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We make fun of Twitter being 140 chars, but most of Reddit only reads the title anyway.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We make fun of people who're liking their own comments or posts on Facebook, but on Reddit it's a default practice to like your own comments or posts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We milk a cow, and let the milk age to make cheese. Then we use the cheese to make our cow taste better.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We named every moon in our solar system, but not our own.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We named the other planets in our solar system after gods but named our own planet "dirt"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We need a Boy Scouts for adult men. I'd love to go camping, hunting, &amp; fishing and learn about nature with like-minded individuals.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	We need a new TL;DR. How about TS;DL (Too slow; didn't look) for those times when the picture or gif takes too damn long to load!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We need a rival planet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We need an alien invasion to unite people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We need to increase space funding. Muffins made in space could float in the middle of an oven and be spheres - entirely muffin-top consistency.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We never actually see a Full Moon. It's only ever a half-moon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We never realize how many people we dislike until it comes to naming our child.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We never stop clapping, we just really, really slooooooooooow down.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We never wash our belts, but they are the first thing we touch after wiping our butts.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We now have hundreds of emojis, but I still cannot underline, bold, or italicize in a text message.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We now pay gyms for the privilege of doing the manual labor we once had to do in order to get paid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We only have a few minutes to live, but breathing resets the timer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We pay for criminals not to be a part of society while college students go into debt trying to become productive members of society.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We pay money to wear advertisements for a clothing company
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We probably can't blow ourselves because the dudes who could naturally fell out of the gene pool.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We put clocks in our mobile phones, so we didn't need to look at watches. Now we put mobile phones in our watches so we don't need to look at our mobile phones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We really gave Bruce Almighty a pass when he yanked the moon closer to the earth and inadvertently killed of millions of people with tidal floods.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We rescue homeless animals and shun homeless people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We say "hair" when referring to lots of it but say "hairs" when referring to a few.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We say as kids we think $1,000 is a lot of money and as adults realize it isn't. I'm an adult and when I'm broke, $1000 would in fact be a lot of money to me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We say hair when referring to lots of it but we say hairs when referring to a few.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should all agree on a day to not post anything on Reddit, and watch Buzzfeed scramble and fail.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should all run 6 kilometres instead of 5 so we can find the cure for cancer faster
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should all take a moment and thank god that spiders aren't pack animals
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should call all countries what they call themselves. For example, Americans should call Germany "Deutschland". Or Japan "Nihon".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should change "Lol" to "Ne" (Nose Exhale) because that's all we really do when we see something funny online.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should change the official date of halloween from the 31st to the last saturday of October.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should get a 3rd set of teeth at 35. We would take much better care of them than our second set.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should get a notification every time someone attempts to create an account with our username, so we can feel good about ourselves for getting there first
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should get an employee discount with self checkout
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should have 13 months in a year instead of 12
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should have a Cyborg Olympics where any drugs, limb replacements and bodily augmentations are totally permitted.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should have a holiday called Space Day, where lights are to be shut off for at least an hour at night to reduce light pollution, so we can see the galaxy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should have an 'annual holiday' where we turn off all the lights and look at the night sky.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should have an ultimate Olympics, where performance enhancing drugs are allowed and encouraged in order to see the limits of human abilities.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should merge /r/Feminism and /r/MensRights since both claim they want equality.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should name the new planet Pluto and act like nothing ever happened
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should pay students to attend school, take aptitude tests, and receive bonuses for completing their courses and graduating early; low income families could earn money just by making sure their kids succeeded.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should put Valve in charge of the military, to ensure World War 3 never happens.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should put a picture of the moon landing on american currency.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should put poison in pizza sauce, and the antidote in the crust. So we can weed out the people who don't eat the crust and finish them once and for all.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should put the "American" first. American-African, American-European, American-Asian. In no time we'll get tired of adding the second part and just call each other Americans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should start a campaign to get people to interrupt Kanye West. Everywhere.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	We should start broadcasting Independence Day into space with "based on a true story" at the beginning so aliens don't try any shit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should start keeping giraffes a secret from young children. Imagine discovering giraffes exist when you were like 15. "Woah! Check out that long necked horse!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should start referring to 'Age' as 'Levels', so when you're Lvl 80 it sounds more badass than just being an old person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should surround sarcastic text with curly brackets. {Oh, what a great idea!}
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should take a minute to be thankful about clouds emptying their water at a slow rate and in form of tiny droplets, and not pouring it in one go in a giant falling block of water
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We should take a moment to just appreciate that not only Google search exists but it is also for free.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We shouldn't be able to unsubscribe from /Tattoos
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We spend a good amount of time in our homes trying to make it look like no one lives there
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We spend countless hours discussing whether God is real or not, while we could find it out in a few seconds by killing ourselves
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We stick kids in classrooms 7 hours a day, give them another few hours of homework, actively discourage them from playing outside, and then wonder why kids today are so out of shape.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We stop using "brb" because we never have to leave our devices anymore.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We stopped using "brb" because we don't leave our devices anymore.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We store so much data, there will probably eventually be digital archaeologists. Like Neo meets Indiana Jones.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We swallow our spit all day every day but the second it leaves our mouths it becomes disgusting
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We take a lot more photos of attractive people than unattractive; so the general attractiveness of our society will be skewed historically.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We take it for granted, but a single Dorito contains more Extreme Nacho flavor than a fifteenth-century peasant would experience in an entire lifetime.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We talk about Ancient Romans like they were basically all the same, but the civilization lasted almost 1000 years. That's like saying people in 2016 and 1016 are basically the same.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We tell kids to not take candy from strangers, but have an entire holiday dedicated to taking candy from strangers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We think it's socially acceptable to all get together and drink poison on weekends
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We think of Alcohol Smugglers during the Prohibition period differently than we do our neighborhood drug dealer, but they essentially have done the exact same thing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We throw around the word "terrorist" like we used to throw around the word "communist".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We use escalators, get fat, and then use Stairmasters
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We use sex to sell anything and everything. But buying or selling actual sex is illegal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We use sex to sell everything. We arrest those who buy and sell actual sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We use the phrase "shark-infested waters" as if they aren't supposed to be there. We are the ones infesting shark-inhabited waters.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We wake up after we die in a dream because we don't know what comes after death.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We waste a lot of water thinking
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We wasted the name 'Fly' on the worst animal.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	We were all one masturbation away from not existing...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We were taught as kids to not get in strangers cars or meet strangers from the internet, and now we literally summon strangers from the internet and get in their cars.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We will be the last generation to have witnessed life without the Internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We will know when gay culture is fully accepted when rappers rap about their gay boyfriends.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We will never hear about the truly perfect crime.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We will never know who the worlds greatest spy was.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We will only pay a few dollars for cow meat but we will pay hundreds of dollars for cow skin
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We would be broke if we stopped working.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're "repeating" the Sixties. Space exploration, Russian conflict, marijuana legalization, race issues.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're 244 Popes away from Pope DMX
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're about 24 hours away from a new batch of idiots hurting themselves with fireworks gifs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're all Internet Explorers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're all background characters in somebody else's story.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're all reading the same Reddit comments in our native accents.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're already living in space.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're approaching 2016 and the share button on this website STILL doesn't say "Spreddit"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're likely less than a generation away from the question "Do you smoke?" being generally interpreted as marijuana rather than tobacco.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're lucky that sound can't travel through the vacuum of space. If it could, the universe would be incredibly loud.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're not nearly as appreciative of how many years we've gone without Jersey Shore as we should be.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're one bad Hollywood decision away from a Minecraft feature film, and that's scary
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're quickly moving towards a society where both work and leisure consist of staring at a screen.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're scared of being abducted by aliens, yet we go to other planets with the plan of "abducting" their organisms.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're the only species that drinks another species' milk, but we consider it strange to drink our own species' milk.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're the only species that pays to live on earth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We're trying to build self driving cars that wont crash into things, yet we used to ride around on horses which already could do that.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We've become so advanced that we spend at least the first 20 or so years of our lives getting caught up on the basics of what we've figured out so far.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We've named our entire galaxy after the secretions of a cow's udders.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	We've passed the turning point where numbers are now more difficult to type on phones than letters.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Weaponized cannabis would be the most humane military tactic ever developed. You could carpet an entire city in green haze then just waltz in and arrest the helplessly giggling bad guys while leaving snacks for all the civilians.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wearing earphones at the gym is sometimes less about listening to your own music, and more about blocking out the terrible music they play.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	WebMD is like a Choose Your Own Adventure book where the ending is always cancer
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Websites should have a "Before you reset your password, here are the stupid rules we required in the first place" option.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Websites should post their password requirements on their login pages so I can remember WTF I needed to do to my normal password to make it work on their site
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Websites should tell you their password requirements when you forget your password.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Weed is legal in two states. Having sex with a horse is legal in 23 states.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Weed is now legal in DC. But still illegal to buy, sell or consume it in public. Although you can gift it. This is practically the definition of sex.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Weights in a gym should all be of the same size, but hollowed out according to their mass so newbies don't feel shy about lifting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Weird Al Yancovic has remained more well known and popular than most of the people he's parodied
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Weird Al Yankovic should release a serious song on April fools day
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Weird Al Yankovich has managed to remain culturally relevant far longer than most of the people he's parodied
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Weird Al should redo Pharrell Williams' hit as "Crappy"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Weird Al's career has outlived the career of most of the musicians he parodied
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Were it not for Steve Harvey, most of us would not have even known the Miss Universe pageant took place yesterday.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What Facebook really needs in their settings is an "ignore all game requests" setting.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What I like about reddit is that you can be a 18 year old nobody and still talk with some stranger that can be highly skilled in his/hers field - in reality you wouldn't be able to have such casual conversations
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What Orwell failed to predict was that we'd buy the cameras ourselves, and our biggest fear would be that nobody was watching.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What idiot put an 's' in the word lisp
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if "Do not lie with a man as one lies with a women" just means no threesomes?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	What if "go fuck yourself" means "go masturbate so you can think clearly and see why this is a bad idea"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if 40 year old men driving fast cars aren't going through a midlife crisis, but instead can finally afford the car they wanted when they were 20?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if AI built to defeat the Turing test fails on purpose so we don't know how smart it really is?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Americans colonize Mars but the American colonies declare independence?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Apple's Google glass competitor is called iBrowse and looks like eyebrows?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Aunt Jemima is Mrs. Butterworth and her full name is Jemima Butterworth?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	What if Axe was invented by women to easily spot the douchebags?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Bob Ross was a serial killer, &amp; he painted the landscapes of where he hid the bodies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Breaking Bad was just an elaborate cover up to produce tons of meth?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Deadpool is actually a romantic comedy and the film's marketing team has tricked men into thinking it was an action-comedy.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Deadpool takes over the cameo role for Stan Lee after he passes?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Disney Animation made Frozen just so a Google search of "Walt Disney Frozen" wouldn't be the top result about the man himself
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Earth is like one of those uncontacted tribes in South America, like the whole Galaxy knows we're here but they've agreed not to contact us until we figure it out for ourselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Earth is like the North Korea of the solar system and all the other planets are inhabited, but we are kept from the truth, and our world leaders are viewed as cruel and oppressive by the other planets.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Earth is the North Korea of the Galaxy?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Earth is the uncontacted Amazonian Tribe of the Galaxy, and aliens don't want to contact us because they want to preserve our primitive and unique culture.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Egyptians actually had a written language, then started using emojis, and that's all that's left?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Egyptians didn't literally worship cats but treated them like we do and made memes and jokes and stairs dedicated to them for fun
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Elon Musk is actually a stranded alien who needs humanity to develop interstellar travel to get home
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Genies were real until somebody wished they weren't?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if God DID make us in His image, but He looks like a single cell organism?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	What if Han has no idea what Chewie is saying and he's just making up shit to agree with himself
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Harambe was shot by a time traveller to prevent planet of the apes becoming reality
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Harry was just in a coma for 7 years because he actually just ran head first into a wall at a train station
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	What if Hawking's computer has attained AI and is answering exactly the opposite of what he is trying to say just to fuck with humans?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if I have a super power but it's something impractical in this day and age, like being immune to cannon fire or talking to dodos?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if I'm a prodigy at something I've never considered doing?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if I'm already dead and heaven exists but my idea of paradise is to remain in the real world so I never even knew I had died?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if I'm always being recorded for a 24-hour reality TV-show, just like the Truman show, and that one episode where I watched "The Truman Show" was absolutely one of my funniest episodes to my audience?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if I'm mentally challenged and everyone around me is just being really cool about it?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	What if I'm severely retarded but I think I'm a functional human being because everyone I've ever met has felt sorry for me and treated me as an equal?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Jesus has a Twitter account but nobody knows about it because he only has 12 followers?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Jesus was just a normal guy and someone started a rumor about him that got out of control?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Kanye is naming his album Waves because he actually is a Gay Fish
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Leonardo DiCaprio stars as himself in a movie - where he struggles to win an oscar...and wins an oscar for it?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Lucifer is still God's best angel and he is just fulfilling a duty no one else wanted to?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if M. Night Shyamalan's career is intentionally bad and he intends to turn it all around with good movies five years from now as the twist?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	What if Mars has water on it because we used to live there and fucked up the climate so badly that we had to send an escape pod to earth with only Adam and Eve in it?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	What if Morpheus was a drug dealer, the pill was a psychedelic, and the whole movie was just Neo tripping the fuck out
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Mr. Clean is actually a skinhead whose version of clean is really just ethnic cleansing?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if North Korea is totally chill but have a crazy militant English translator who is messing it up for everyone?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Peach broke up with Mario, he got depressed and ate a mushroom, and hallucinated all of the adventures in which he won her back?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Pixar's Cars took place after computers have annihilated the human race and Google self-driving cars are all that are left.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Stephen Hawking is really a vegetable, and his computer is an artificial intelligence?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Stephen Hawking is the real Slim Shady but we'll never know because he can't stand up
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Stephen Hawking's voice box is actually the first A.I., using its robot brain to theorize on the universe and he's just riding along, as tripped out as the rest of us but unable to show it?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Tesla cars aren't self driving, but are secretly remotely controlled by cheap Indian employees?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Walmart was as poorly lit as Hollister.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if Westboro Baptist Church was actually secretly a group of super tolerant activists who staged outrageous protests to draw public attention to the causes they care about, while simultaneously creating a mockery of fundamental Christianity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if WinRAR is just waiting to sue everyone who kept their trial for more than 40 days?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if a human bite turns zombies back to normal but no one in the apocalypse has ever tried it.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	What if a radio station said "Hey Siri, text my mom 'fuck you'.......... Send"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if a shooting star is actually somebody driving off rainbow road?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if a sloth has been chasing me around for the last 5 years but he just can't catch up to me?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if a symptom of Ebola is the desire to travel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if after grade 3 I continued playing the recorder and went on to become the world's greatest recorder player?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if after you die God asks you - "So how was heaven?"
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	What if aliens visited Earth during the Jurassic Period, found it to be occupied with a bunch of mean, giant lizards and thought "Well, fuck this planet" and never came back?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if aliens visited Earth, but they came when it was frozen solid 650 mil years ago and they wrote it off as a lifeless frozen rock.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if all 'senseless murderers' were actually heroes sent back in time to assassinate people who would become Genocidal dictators in the future?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if all humans are born with one wish, but we all wasted it when we were 4-5 on some candy or getting a ball for christmas
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if all the Ancient Greek sculptures are actually victims of Medusa?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if as a show of good faith toward North Korea, Seth Rogen and James Franco visit North Korea to apologize to Kim Jong Un in person, only to assassinate him like the plot of their movie The Interview?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if at the end the first Matrix movie, Neo flies into the sky only to wake up as Ted Logan, turns to Bill Preston and says "Bill, I just had the most excellent dream about batteries!" Matrix 2&amp;3 are never made.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if babies cry because they they still remember their past lives, and leaving the ones they loved behind?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if bananas constantly fight for territory when you bring them home and that's why the get bruised overnight?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if black holes are just areas we haven't unlocked yet?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if cave drawings are done by cave-children and we are judging their entire society by graffiti done by kids?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if dogs are scared of thunder because they think it's the bark of a more dominant dog
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if dogs bring the ball back because they think you enjoy throwing it?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if drug cartels are comprised exclusively of undercover DEA agents who don't know about each other?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if every Marvel movie has Ant-Man as a cameo, but we just don't know it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if every country has ninjas, but we only know about the Japanese ones because they're rubbish?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if every dog is reincarnated into another dog after they die and whenever you see a person walking their dog who goes crazy and tries to meet you and be your best friend is really your childhood dog trying to tell you he knows you and misses you?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if every time we blinked we took a photo and when we died we good go back through our own personal photo gallery
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	What if every time you choke on air it's actually a ghost penis?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if everytime you cracked your knuckles your fingers glowed like glow sticks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if extra-terrestrial doesnt come visit earth because they're light years away and fear the dinosaurs they see.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	What if fetishes are inherited genetically but none of us know because we are all too awkward and embarrased to admit them to our families.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if ghosts don't kill us because then we'd be ghosts and it'd be super awkward.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if ghosts say "Boo" because they only haunt people they don't like, and all they do is "Boo" them from the afterlife. So its not to scare you, its to show that they think you suck
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if hipsters are all time travelers, and they just use the phrase "You probably haven't heard of it" to cover up slips when they reference something that's not big yet?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if homosexuality is a product of evolution and is becoming more prevalent as the population grows because it acts as a mechanism for preventing the population from rapidly growing?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if humans are sperm's way of reproducing?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if i am single because a time traveler made sure I don't meet "her" to stop someone in our lineage from taking over the world
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if in 100 years, people say "google it" as a way of telling someone to search for information and nobody knows why.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if instead of buying plastic bottles for shampoo, conditioner and body wash, we had refillable containers and there were dispensers for each brand at supermarkets/convenient stores.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if instead of playing dodgeball or climbing ropes, gym class focused on proper body mechanics like good posture, running properly, squating correctly or lifting a box from the ground?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if it's harder to find good skipping stones now than it was in earlier times because they've all been skipped and sunk to the bottom of whatever body of water they've been skipped across?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if kids loving their parents is a form of Stockholm Syndrome?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	What if most of our illnesses come from the lack of sunlight on our genitals?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if my brown birthmark is my real skin and I'm actually a black man covered in a white birthmark
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if our reality is a simulation, and magic existed as bugs in the code that have long since been patched?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if our use of emojis gradually becomes so extensive that we actually circle back to writing in hieroglyphics.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if over time the developers of Pokémon GO slowly reduce Pokémon spawn rates to zero, and the app turns out to be a publicity stunt to warn about the dangers of over hunting and extinction.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if people staring at you are time tourists who came back in time to see you because in the future you're famous?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if planet Earth is the "Noah's Ark" of the Galaxy and that's why we can't find life on other planets, it was destroyed long ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if police brutality has not increased but the amount of smartphones with cameras filming them?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	What if porn ads aren't lies and all these years I've been missing out on a huge weiner and local hotties in my area?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if rocks aren't hard, but just clench when we touch them?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if selfies were just a fad created so that the NSA could get as many faces on file for facial recognition technology
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if sleep is our natural state, and the only reason we wake up is to gather information for our dreams?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if sleeping is our natural state and we are only awake to gather information for our dreams.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	What if some people used to be able to suck their own dicks, but natural selection removed that trait because those people never did anything else.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the 'monster' under your bed sees you as the monster on top of the bed, and is so terrified he keeps as still and quiet as possible.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the Big Bang was caused by a previous civilizations experiments with a Large Hadron Collider and we are destined to repeat it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the Egyptians didn't actually revere cats, but only jokingly did like we do on the internet?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the Egyptians used to have an advanced written language like ours but became addicted to memes and eventually just started using pictures to communicate?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the IOC bought a Greek Island to save Greece's economy and host the Olympics permanently, so we couldn't cripple other economies that host the Olympics?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	What if the Placebo Effect is a lie and taking pill-sized amounts of sugar is just a really fucking healthy thing to do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the Russians were doping not to win, but so they wouldn't have to go to Rio.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the ancient Egyptians didn't actually worship cats, they only jokingly did, in the form of an ancient meme.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the asteroid that hit Earth and killed all the dinosaurs was a UFO .. and we're the aliens
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the coins you randomly find in drawers and between couch cushions are actually spiders leaving them there to pay rent.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the cure for autism turns out to be a vaccine?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the eagles in Lord of the Rings are regular size and everyone else is just really small?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the lottery is an Institution to catch Time Travelers?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the most profound Showerthought ever is trapped in the mind of someone who doesn't use Reddit?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the only reason I'm single is because I never forwarded those chain messages?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the only reason that aliens haven't landed on earth is that their government cut funding for their space program?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the only reason we haven't actually encountered a time traveler is because this time period is awful and nobody wants to go back to it?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the only reason why we don't see aliens is because Earth is considered a rare sanctuary, and the alien sightings we do hear about are just tresspassing tourists?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the only reason you can't pass through a mirror is because you are blocking yourself?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the only thing keeping us from entering mirrors is our own reflection?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the only thing made in China was the sticker that said "Made in China"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the perfect crime actually has been committed, and no one ever heard about it because it was perfect.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the rapture happened already, but no one even realized it because only like 15 people were taken
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the reason for Google making self-driving cars is so that they can drive through Detriot for google maps without getting killed
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the reason there are no witches, vampires and werewolves is because the "witch trials" in the 17th century actually worked?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the reason we don't hear people saying "YOLO" anymore is because they're all dead.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the reason why 2016 has been such a crazy year is due to the return of Lord Voldemort, but as muggles we haven't been able to connect all of the random events and deaths?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the saying "money doesn't grow on trees" was invented by rich people so we don't find their money trees?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the sets in Breaking Bad were real meth labs, and the show was actually a cover for an actual meth empire?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the spider I killed in my home has spent his entire life thinking he was my room-mate and that suddenly I had some sort of psychotic break
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the star wars movies came out 4,5,6,1,2,3 as a Yoda joke?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the washer is actually the one stealing socks, and we've been wrongfully blaming the drier all of this time?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if the wires going to the two ear buds were different colors so it was easier to untangle
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if there is no such thing as a placebo effect and sugar pills are a miracle cure for disease.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if there really is a u/deleted going around posting "removed" all over the place?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if there's a billionaire who wants to give away free ipods/ipads, but only knows how to using poorly designed ads.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if there's no such thing as the Placebo Effect, and instead, sugar just actually cures everything
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if they found Amelia Earhart's plane while looking for Malaysia Flight 370?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if things we see in gray, are actually just colors we cannot see?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if time travel does exist but we don't see time travelers because, in the long run, the 21st century isn't important or exciting enough to travel to.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if time travel gets invented so far away in time that our time is a spec that no one has a reason to travel to?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if traffic is just a buffering system that the matrix uses to load our surroundings.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if way into the future when time travel is invented two scientists named Adam and Eve travel back to the beginning of time but find nothing and discover that they have to start all the life in the world
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if we actually are living in a computer simulation, and superstitions like wishes on birthday candles or shooting stars are based on old cheat codes that have since been patched?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if we aren't the FIRST Intelligent life forms in the Universe, but the LAST.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if we only love our parents because of Stockholm Syndrome?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if we're not alone in the universe and we're actually a 'protected species' living in a space nature reserve where no other life is allowed to disturb us until we become a type I civilisation?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if when we die, we get to relive our life in the memories that other people have of us? So the quality of our afterlife is entirely based on being part of other people's good memories.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if when we die, we instantly become a baby being born, but we temporarily maintain the memory of dying, and that's why babies are born crying?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if wishing upon a shooting star actually worked, but some jerk long ago wished that all future wishes wouldn't come true?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if your dog brings you the same toy because he thinks that it is YOUR favorite toy? And when you throw it, he brings it back because he is thinking "No! Don't throw it! It's your favorite toy!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if your dog one day just randomly said "Nobody is going to believe you" and never spoke again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if your dog one day just randomly said, "Nobody is going to believe you" and then never spoke again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if your pillow collected your dreams and then you could plug it into your laptop and watch them again
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What if, in thousands of years, "alien" becomes a derogatory word to describe inhabitants of other planets? And our descendants become disgusted at our rampant use of the word.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	What if, like, all the ants declared war on us. We'd be fucked, right?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What really blows my mind is that NASA is able to receive data from a 4.67 billion miles far away spacecraft, while i lose wifi signal once i move to the kitchen
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What the hell does a golfer do when they retire? Most people retire then take up golf.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What we think smells like coffee is actually boogers and coffee. What we think smells like steak is steak and boogers. We smell boogers all day, every day, and we don't even know it. It's like a booger Matrix.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What women know as a front closing bra, men will know as a front opening bra
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	What would happen if Alex Trebek did an AMA and everyone gave him answers and he responded with questions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whatever happened to the guy who had his face eaten by the guy in Miami? Everyone else has forgotten about him and is talking about North Korea and stuff. But he's still walking around somewhere with half a face.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Alex Trebek finally retires from hosting Jeopardy, he should make one last appearance...as a contestant
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Americans talk about the day they declared independence from Great Britain, the don't say the actual date the American way (July 4th), they say it the British way (4th of July)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Apple comes out with a device to compete with Google Glass they should call it the iPatch.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Apple released the iPhone 7, they should have played "Hit The Road, Jack" in the commercials.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Bill Gates sits down in a café, it's average customer instantly becomes a billionaire.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Bruce Willis dies, there will be so many posts saying that he was actually dead the whole time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Chernobyl is finally liveable again (20,000 years), the architecture will seem incredibly strange and retro.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Chumbawamba got knocked off the charts after their one hit they never got back up again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When DreamWorks runs out of ideas they should tell the story about the boy on the moon and how he got so much fishing line
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Fallout 4 is out, people everywhere will spend a long time inside, playing a game about emerging from being inside for a long time
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I Google an average word to be sure of its precise definition before posting on the internet, I wonder if the CIA thinks, "this guy is a real simpleton".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I accidentally type my password into the username box, I always feel like someone is watching me and saying "Finally got him."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I bake bread, I give thousands of yest organisms false hope by feeding them sugar, before ruthlessly baking them to death in an oven and eating their corpses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I buy CDs I now see it as more of a donation to the artist than an actual purchase.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I buy a lottery ticket, I'm really just buying 20 seconds of fantasizing how my life would change for the better.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I buy a pizza, it comes in a sturdy corrugated box. When I buy a cake, it comes in a flimsy box that tries to kill the cake.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I buy drugs, I financially support my drug dealer's war against the police. When I pay taxes, I support the government's war on drugs and dealers. I am neutrality.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I die I want my last google search to be "How to fake your own death"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I die I want to be buried at a fat camp so if I become a zombie I can catch a slow meal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I die I want to see a mental highlight reel of all the best shots I've made tossing things into trashcans
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I die, I don't want my life to flash before my eyes, I want a CinemaSins-style video complete with Jeremy narrating.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I die, I hope I have enough time to point at a complete stranger and whisper "You did this."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I die, I want my grave to offer free Wifi so that people visit more often.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I don't text people back right away it's because I'm working, busy or just don't feel like talking at that moment. When people don't text ME back immediately I think they're either dead or hate me and are purposely ignoring me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I drive with my left hand, the lives of the people in my car are held by something I can't even write my name with.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I drop an ice cube, my first thought is to kick it under the fridge instead of picking it up
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I eat mini M&amp;M's, I imagine it's just like when Shaq eats regular M&amp;M's.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I first drank Bud Light, I didn't really like it because I didn't like beer. Now, I don't really like it because I like beer.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When I first joined reddit I was excited to get replies, now when I get one I wonder 'Who did I piss off this time?'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I first joined reddit and say a red envelope, I thought 'Oh cool, a conversation', now all I think is that I'm being yelled at for whatever I posted earlier.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I forget an account password its like a test to see how well I know myself
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I get a dog, I want to name him "Dammit". That way, whenever someone gets frustrated in my house, he comes over to cheer them up.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When I get an inbox notification, I wonder who I pissed off. When I don't get any inbox notifications, I'm sad that Reddit is ignoring me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I get in my car, I'm always surprised how loud I liked to listen to music yesterday.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I go to the mall with my girlfriend I'm basically an NPC companion. I am constantly standing in her way, unaware of where she intends to go and not really paying attention. So maybe bad NPC AI in video games isn't so off base after all.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I have a blocked nose I think about times I didn't have a blocked nose and how I took it for granted.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I have kids, they'll grow up with three Star Wars trilogies, eight Harry Potter movies, and the Lord of the Rings trilogy all available to watch whenever they want. They'll never know my pain
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When I have sex there is a chance I get viruses. When I watch porn there is a chance my computer gets viruses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I kick in $2 for the office lottery pool, I'm not actually looking for a chance to win.... the $2 is insurance against everyone else winning, and me being left behind.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I leave a safe gap in front of me on the road, it's not an invitation for you to overtake me and fill it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I leave a store without buying anything, I feel like everyone thinks I stole something
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I lie on the ground looking up at the sky I am facing out at the universe with the entire planet behind me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I lost a tooth as a child the Tooth Fairy brought me a dollar. When I lose a tooth as an adult the Tooth Demon takes away $1,000!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I make fried chicken, I am rubbing a corpse with the embryos of its own offspring.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I move my body, I am literally moving matter with my mind.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I open the fridge, I am not checking if there's food: I'm checking if I'm desperate enough to actually prepare the plentiful food I have.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I pass a "Student Driver" I always wonder if I'm being used as an example.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I picture the Middle Ages in my head, I also imagine people casting spells and fighting dragons, even though I know none of that ever happened in real life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I play a video game, I go out of my way to talk to every person I see. In real life, I go out of my way to avoid talking to every person I see
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I procrastinate, current me really expects a lot out of future me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I read a TIL and I already knew it, it makes me feel smarter than the OP.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I say "10 years ago" I still think of the 90s
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When I see 'wtf' I immediately thinks 'what the fuck' but when I see 'lol' I think it as 'lol'
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When I see 'wtf' written I immediately think 'what the fuck' but when I see 'lol' I think it as 'lol'
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When I see a middle aged person vaping, I assume they've made a healthy decision and quit smoking. When I see young kid vaping, I assume they're a douche bag.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I see a picture of a fat person 100 years ago, I assume they were wealthy. When I see a fat person today, I assume they're poor.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I see blue jeans, I don't see them as "blue". I just see then as jeans, a neutral pair of pants that can go with darn near anything.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I started watching Breaking Bad I only saw Bryan Cranston as Hal from Malcom in the Middle, now I'm watching Malcom in the Middle and only see Bryan Cranston as Walter White
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I talk to someone on the phone, my voice is traveling faster than sound.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I tell people "I saw it on the Internet," even if I'm right, they think I'm an uninformed crazy person and can't be trusted to make decisions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I think back at how stupid I was 10 years ago, I can't help but wonder what I'm doing right now that's going to make me cringe in 10 years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I think of apples I think of the color red but when I think of apple flavor I think of the color green. When I think of watermelons I think of the color green but when I think of watermelon flavor I think of the color red.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I touch my girlfriend with my cold hands, I am literally taking energy from her for myself. Like a supervillain.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I try to picture the early 1900s in my mind it's always in black and white
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I turned 10, I realized how dumb everything I said as a young child was. When I turned 20, I realized how dumb everything I said in my teens was. Now I'm realizing why old people don't talk much.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I turned 30, I wondered when I'd finally mature. Now at 31, I've realized I've already grown up, and it's alright to still like the cereal with the marshmallows in it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I unsubscribe from a newsletter and get an email confirming that I've been unsubscribed, it feels like they needed to be the one to say the last word in an argument.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I vomit from a shot, my stomach is over-ruling my executive decision to get drunk.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I wake up at night both extremely thirsty and having to pee, I can't help but think that my body is allocating its resources poorly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I want to have a document forever, I scan it into the computer. When my parents want to have a document forever, they print it out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was 12 I thought 18 year olds looked 30. Today at 30 I think 18 year olds look 12.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was 13-17 they charged me for an adult ticket at the movies but I couldn't watch an R rated film.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was 16 I'd sneak out to smoke pot so my parents wouldn't find out. Now I'm 38 and I sneak out so my 16 year old doesn't find out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was 16, I waited 2 weeks to say I love you and 6 months to have sex. Now that I'm 31, I wait 2 weeks to have sex and 6 months to say I love you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a child I slept with the door open because I was scared of what might be inside my room. Now I sleep with my door closed because of what might be outside my room.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a child I spent 25 cents for about four minutes of an arcade game, but as an adult I won't pay $1 for a Mobile game I play for hours.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a child, every time I asked how to spell a word, my parents told me to look it up in the dictionary. At the time I thought it was some kind of life lesson. But now, as an adult, I'm pretty sure they just sucked at spelling.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid I ran through the woods with a Super Soaker shooting at trees like I was fighting in a war, looking back the trees probably saw me as a short fat forest troll nurturing them instead.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid I thought finding worms in apples was going to be a much bigger problem than it has turned out to be!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid I thought knowing how to spell "Mississippi" would be much more important than it is now
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid I thought the History Channel was boring. Now the programs are so ridiculous I wish they'd start showing real documentaries again
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid I used to prioritize having a cool ringtone. Now I just keep my phone on silent...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid I used to wake up early to watch cartoons, as an adult I stay up late watching cartoons
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid I was always told cats are scared of dogs, but I've only ever seen dogs that are scared of cats.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid I worked hard to hide my weed and devil music from my parents. Now I'm grown up and work hard to hide my weed and devil music from my kids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid my parents told me I wouldn't enjoy getting mail. Jokes on them, I pay my bills online and the only thing I get in the mail are parcels from Amazon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid people told me I was too young to have anxeity now that I'm grown people tell me I need to stop acting like a child and get over anxeity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid, 1000 dollars would have bought everything that I wanted. Now, it barely covers rent.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When I was a kid, Bart was my hero and Homer was a zero. Now I understand everything Homer does and Bart is just an annoying smart ass.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid, I didn't realize how many adults were just trying to "act like adults"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid, I imagined a TV channel that only reported positive news of the world. I'm now 32, and want that more than ever.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid, I thought "don't make me come up there!" was a threat. Now that I have kids, I realize it's a plea.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid, I wished I could read people's minds. And in a monkey's paw twist, my wish was horribly granted with Facebook.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid, Uber meant "the best". Now it means "Taxi".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid, everyone wanted to be a video game tester. Now that companies just release broken games and fix them, we all got what we wished for.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When I was a kid, people got really pissed if you read their diaries. These days, kids put their diaries on the internet and get pissed if you don't read them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a kid, the Bundy's were poor. Now I wish I could afford a house like that....
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a little boy women would always say "You're going to grow up to break a lot of hearts" as a compliment. That's... kind of messed up isn't it?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a single guy who played video games all the time, all I wanted was a girlfriend. Now, as a married guy, all I want is to be able to play video games all the time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a small child, my grandmother showed me love by playing along with my make believe games. Now that she is older and has dementia it is my turn to show love by playing along with hers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was a younger person I had to use the Oxford dictionary to understand adult words and now that I'm an adult I have to use urban dictionary to understand younger people words.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was in elementary school and going through the DARE program, I was positive a gang of older kids was going to corner me and force me to smoke pot. Then I became an adult and realized nobody is giving free drugs to somebody that doesn't want them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was in high school, I was jealous of everyone dating a college student. Then I went to college and met the kind of people who date high schoolers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was little, my parents used to wait until I was asleep to watch shows that were inappropriate for me. Now that I'm an adult visiting family, I wait until my parents go to bed before I watch shows that are inappropriate for them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was young I hated parents in the movies who tried to get their kid the protagonist to work for the family business. Now I wish I had a family business to work at, for the job and financial security
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was young I thought that quicksand and carnivorous plants would affect my life a lot more than it has
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was young I used to look away when characters kissed because it was gross. Now I look away because it reminds me how sad and alone I am...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was young I wanted a fireman's pole in my house. I still do but now I have twice as many intended uses for it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was young, I couldn't use the phone when I was on the internet. Now I can't can't use the phone unless my internet is on.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When I was young, I was terrified of ending up middle-aged and alone. Now I am and it's fucking awesome!
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When I was young, falling in love was easy. Getting laid was not. Now that I'm older, getting laid is easy, finding love appears to be damn right impossible.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was young, my dad went with me to the car dealership to make sure I didn't get ripped off. Now I go with him to the Verizon store to make sure he isn't getting ripped off.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was younger I pretended my juice was wine, now I pretend my wine is juice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was younger I thought cookie jars would be a bigger point of contention in the house.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was younger I was always "goose" in duck, duck, goose. I now realise it's because I was the fat kid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was younger taking selfies meant you were a loser who didn't have any friends to hold the camera for you.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When I was younger, I privately worried that I was a sexual deviant because of the thoughts that ran through my head. But thanks to Internet porn, I discovered that, not only am I normal, I am downright vanilla.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was younger, I thought 21 year olds were so old and had their life together. Now that I'm older, I think 21 year olds are just big children who still are lost in life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I was younger, spending $20 on DVD's and eating from the dollar menu was a regular occurrence. Now, I spend $20 making dinner and rent movies for a dollar.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I watched That 70's Show as a teen, I related to Eric and his quest for sex and acceptance among his peers. Now, watching as an adult, I relate to Red's struggle to support his family and his general dislike of people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I'm 80 years old, will people find today's pop-culture, movies and music embarrassing? "Grandad, stop playing dub-step, it's old!"
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When I'm at home, NSFW stands for Not Safe For Wife
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I'm driving, I hate pedestrians. When I'm a pedestrian, I hate cars. But no matter what I'm doing, I hate bicyclists.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When I'm in a hurry every slow or easy going driver pisses me off. When I'm not in a hurry every aggressive driver pisses me off.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I'm old I will tell youngsters about when Marijuana was illegal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I'm old the fact that I'm older than Google will be really impressive
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I'm old, being older than Google will be a big deal.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When I'm stuck in traffic, I'm not upset about the number of cars and reduced speed. I'm upset about all the damn idiots that drove so badly to make it so slow and bunched up.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When Im browsing reddit in bed next to my wife, NSFW means Not Safe For Wife
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When I'm reading a book, it's like I got a screenplay and I'm the director of my own movie. Your mind is awesome.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Kanye retires, he should release "Kanye's Greatest Hits", an album containing every song he's ever released on it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Ke$ha is in the EU does she go by K€sha?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Math teachers used to tell us "you won't always have a calculator with you" they couldn't have been more wrong.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When Nicki Minaj says "I've got a big, fat ass" at the end of "Anaconda," it's a TL;DR for the lyrics.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Pizza is cut into squares, I lose all sense of what is a reasonable amount to eat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Rick Astley really dies, nobody will click on the link because they are scared of being Rickrolled.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Stan Lee dies, all Marvel actors and actresses should dress up in character and attend his funeral.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Stan Lee dies, all the Marvel movie characters should mention they have funerals to attend for their postman/doorman/friend/stripclub DJ and then be very confused when they all show up at the same one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Stan Lee finally passes, the next superhero movie released afterwards should have a scene where characters meet in front of his (actual) gravestone, so he can have one last "cameo".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Superman is poisoned with kryptonite, he is literally homesick.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Sweden is playing Denmark, it is SWE-DEN. The remaining letters, not used, is DEN-MARK.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When The Simpsons first aired, I was 10 years old, the same age as Bart. Today, I am Homer's age.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Will.I.Am dies his grave stone should say Will.I.Was
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When Woody shook the magic 8 ball in Toy Story, was it self-aware like the other toys, and consciously generating a response?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a Brit says "I have a bloody nose", it's as if he just realized, to his surprise, that he has a nose.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a British person says they have a bloody nose, it sounds like they're angry at the fact that they have a nose.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a Pop-Up ad appears, not once have I considered using their service before closing the ad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a blind woman tells her boyfriend that she is seeing someone, it could either be really terrible news or really great news.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a browser asks "Would you like to remember this password?" there ought to be a button that says "Only if it works".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a browser asks "do you want to save this password?" I wish "yeah but only if it works" was an option
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a child is told to say sorry like they mean it, we are essentially teaching them to fake sincerity.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a company offers me a better price after I cancel their subscription, they're just admitting they were overcharging me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a deaf person gets their teeth cleaned, the tables are turned. They can communicate freely while the hygienist is forced to stop working in their mouth in order to communicate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a famous person dies, does Wikipedia just click a 'dead' button which changes all the words "is" to "was"?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a father calls his daughter a princess, he is subtly calling himself a king.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a gay guy hugs a girl does he say 'no hetero?'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a girl is looking at me, the difficulty level of everything I do increases automatically.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a girl says she's "not your typical girl" it makes me think she's a pretty typical girl.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When a girl walks in on a guy masturbating, he is the pervert. When a guy walks in on a woman masturbating, he's still the pervert.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a lightsaber runs low on battery, does it get shorter or dimmer?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a pet is terminally ill, we euthanize it because letting it suffer is "inhumane." When a person is terminally ill, they must suffer it out because euthanizing them would be "inhumane."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a picture is more pixelated it actually has less pixels.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a pregnant woman swims, she is a human submarine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a sorority girl wears an oversized shirt, they are wearing Schrodinger's pants. The pants may be considered simultaneously there and not there.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a toilet seat is cold it's horrible but when it's warm it's worse
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a tree is up, I cut it down. When it's down, I cut it up.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When a university rejects your application, you literally paid them money just for them to tell you to go fuck yourself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a watch battery dies, it records the time of its own death.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a webpage asks me if I'm sure I want to leave, it only makes me more sure that I definitely want to leave.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When a website doesn't work with Internet Explorer, I blame IE. When it doesn't work with Google Chrome, I blame the website.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When a woman says "we are trying for a baby," she is announcing that her husband is cumming in her every night.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When aliens really attack Earth, my first thought is probably going to be "Which movie came the closest?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When all the snow melts in NYC, they're gonna find all the bodies of the people they thought weren't getting murdered.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When an NSFW link takes longer than a few seconds to load, i start to think i was given a chance to back out and not see what ever horrible thing the link might be. Almost like fate.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When an actor or actress passes on, services like Netflix and Amazon should stream their films free to all for a week so we all may remember and enjoy them one more time. (RIP Gene)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When an alarm goes off, its actually turning on.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When an animal from a zoo is released into the wild, they get an sleep-injection. After they wake up and are set free, they probably think they've died and reached heaven
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When an app asks me if I'm enjoying it, I usually click "No" just to avoid being asked to review it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When an elder generation complains about about bad a younger generation is, they are basically saying that they sucked at raising kids.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When an older couple is sitting silently at a restaurant; it's not that they have nothing to say to each other, it's that they're listening to your conversation in order to talk shit about you later.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When applying for a job at the NSA, do you really need a résumé?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When black &amp; white photographs were invented, they must had looked pretty weird because people had never seen the world in black &amp; white before
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When bored, you open Reddit, see the same stuff you saw an hour ago, close it, then open it up again. Reddit is like the fridge of the Internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When boy bands sing about wanting girls who don't know they're beautiful, it sounds like they're targeting girls with low self-esteem as easy pickings.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When browsing in incognito mode, Google should autofill your search results with all the dirty and nsfw results it refuses to do in normal mode.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When browsing reddit, curiosity always drives me to click on NSFW links, no matter how odd the title is.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When camera phones came out people said if there were aliens or ghosts, we'd finally see them. But all we got was corrupt cops.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When committing a crime, you should always bring earbuds with you so when you are running away it will just look like you are out for a jog.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When dads call their daughters princess, they are subtly calling themselves king.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When deaf people are talking with sign language, I feel like I'm the deaf one that can't hear them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When deaf people get in fights, they can let their fists do the talking.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When divorce is done right a child goes from one unhappy home to two happy homes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When doing the limbo, if you set the bar low, then you're setting the bar high.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When drone technology becomes cheap enough, hands-free umbrellas are gonna be the shit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When entering a website and a video starts playing automatically, I leave immediately and never come back
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When ever I think I'm going to get laid I ferociously clean my room. It's a win/win regardless of if I get laid or not
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When ever I'm reading someone's story on reddit, I automatically assume it's a male. Then if they mention something that gives away that they're a female, I have to re-play the whole story in my head again to get the right context.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When getting all depressed about my sad, shitty life I realized that my dog will be lucky to live another 4 years and he doesn't act like a little bitch about it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When going to bed, I can never find a comfortable position. Yet when waking up, every position is comfortable.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When horses win races we credit their lineage. When humans win races we credit their training.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When information was difficult to obtain, college was cheap. Now that information is easy to access, college tuition has skyrocketed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When jogging, we put on special clothes so people don't think we are running from or to something.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When marijuana becomes legalized, there's going to be a lot of confused police dogs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When marijuana is legal people will say 4/20 is just another commercialized holiday.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When meeting new people, you shouldn't judge a book by its cover. However, most book covers will tell you if the book is a romance, a thriller, a mystery, or even just plain fiction.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When my dad shouts at a sport on TV, hes showing his passion for the sport. When I shout at a video game, i'm an 'angry nerd'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When my dog is let in the car he knows we are going to the beach. When I leave everyday, does he think I spend the day at the beach without him?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When my father took me out fishing when I was a kid, he used to warn me to be quiet because we would scare the fish away. Pretty sure he just wanted me to shut the fuck up for a few hours.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When my grandma says "This is my jam," she means something very different than the girls at the club.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When my iPhone says "Siri not available" it should be in a voice other than Siri's.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When my kitten playfully tries to bite my wrist he's probably instinctively going for my hands "neck".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When my laptop is plugged in and I'm using headphones there is essentially a continuous string of wires/technology connecting my body to some power plant miles away.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When my parents owned a huge VHS camcorder, they filmed everything. Now that there's a video camera in their pocket, they film nothing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When my son is old enough to post on reddit I really will have done OP's mom.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When my tongue is burned from drinking hot beverages I realize how much I underappreciate the time my tongue is not burned
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When my wife's parents encourage us to have children, they're really just telling me to bareback and creampie her more often.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When our generation becomes old, retirement homes will become the ultimate LAN party!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When parents get a divorce, they should have to switch houses every week so the kids don't have to.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When people are sick they are actually NSFW
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When people ask you how your day is, they aren't prepared for any response other than "good"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When people don't sit next to me on public transit I feel both slightly relieved and slightly rejected.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When people post a picture of a sunset at the beach and say, "it's the little things in life" I just realized that the Sun the Sky and the Ocean are the three biggest things I've seen in my life...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When people say "I forgot something" it is usually because they remembered something.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When people say "I'd love to be in the zombie apocalypse!" They're basically saying, "I'd love to go on a killing spree and not feel bad about it"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When people say "I'm 99% sure", they are probably have more certainty than someone who says "I'm 100% sure".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When people say "Jesus take the wheel" they are giving control to an uninsured and unlicensed driver who has never been in a car before.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When people say 10 years ago I still think of the 90's
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When pulling up Memento, Netflix should always give you the option to "resume". Think of all the people it would mess with.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When restaurant staff sing "Happy Birthday" and embarrass you in public, they are effectively deterring people from asking for free birthday food.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When sand is dry, it behaves like a liquid. When it is wet, it behaves more like a solid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When saving, games should allow you to leave a note so that the next time you start playing you remember what you did or what you were going to do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When saying "poop" your mouth moves just like your anus does while taking one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When saying the phrase "Ctrl + Alt + Del", people never use the full version of Alt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When self driving cars become popular, drunk driving could mean waking up in a completely different city or even country because you drunkenly told your car to take you somewhere.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When self driving cars become the norm, gaining control of your car could be almost as scary as losing control is today.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When somebody's IQ drops below a certain threshold, it no longer becomes acceptable to mock or criticize their intelligence.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When someone calls you a pussy ass bitch they are calling you three different animals
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When someone claims to be constipated, they are full of shit whether they are telling the truth or lying.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone dies on a TV show, we are basically watching them get fired.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone else makes you laugh in your dream, your brain came up with that joke. Of course you think it's funny.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When someone finally invents a hoverboard, they won't be able to call it that because the name is already taken by those dumb ass sideways skateboards
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone gets arrested they should be allowed to make a one sentence statement to accompany their mugshot. Like a senior yearbook quote.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone gives you their phone number, it's like them giving you the password to talk to them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone goes on a rant and writes "U" or "Ur" they immediately lose all credibility.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone named Ed is walking down the street, everyone walking towards him is Edward.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone pulls up in a Kia Soul and gets out of the car and they aren't a hamster I'm a little disappointed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone says "I'm not book smart, I'm street smart", all I'm hearing is you're not smart.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone says "you clean up nice," it means they didn't want to have sex with you before, but now they do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone says "you know what they say about assuming", they are assuming you know what they say about assuming.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone says 'ten years ago' my immediate thought is not 2005...
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone says they've lost 2 or 3 pounds in a short amount of time, I picture them taking a giant dump and then stepping on the scale in victory.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone says, "You just made my day", it usally makes the other person's day
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone tells you to go and do a chore you were about to do anyway, it makes you about 100 times less willing to do it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone tells you, "don't let anyone tell you how to live your life," it's someone telling you how to live your life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When someone writes "tho" I think "ugh". I'm not judging them that's just what's missing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When stores hand you a 'money off your next purchase' voucher once you've paid, we should all start passing them on to the people waiting in line behind us.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When the North Korean citizens finally get freedom of information and internet they're going to realize the whole world was making fun of their country
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When the Pope dies, is he being fired or promoted?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When the book for a class is written by a professor, it feels like they're trying to give me their mixtape.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When the first child is born on Mars, we will have add Planet of Birth to our passports.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When the first single celled organism divided, it created life on earth in its own image
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When the human body gets sick it heats up to kill off germs. The earth is sick and its heating up will probably kill off humans. Are we earth germs?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When the internet first became popular we were afraid of people from the internet finding us in real life, now we're afraid of people in real life finding out about our lives on the internet.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When the inventor of the USB stick dies, they will lower the coffin, then bring it back up, turn it around, then lower it again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When the older generations says this generation is terrible, they're really saying they sucked as parents.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When the person who invented the usb dies, they better put the coffin in the ground, bring it back out, flip it over and put it back in.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When there's an ad on a YouTube video i instantly hate whatever the ad is trying to sell.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When there's an earthquake, coffins become huge underground maracas.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When thinking about the first time I saw my wife naked when we were in high school, I'm thinking about a 16 year old.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When translated, "The Los Angeles Angels" literally means "The The Angels Angels".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When uneducated Muslims in the Middle East see pictures of KKK members, do they think it's a group of women?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When using Snapchat, there should be the option to add an NSFW tag to a snap so people don't open it in public.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When we animate dogs, we give them facial features that make it easier for us to understand their emotions. I wonder how a dog would animate a human so that they could understand us better.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When we colonize Mars Time zones are gonna get a lot more complicated
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When we drop our phones, we panic. When our friends fall to the ground, we laugh.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When we finally invented a three-dimensional mode of transport, we named it a "plane"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When we hear the hispanic soccer chat, "Olé Olé Olé Olé," the French hear, "With milk, with milk, with milk with milk!"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When we kill mosquitos after we notice they landed on us, we are naturally selecting stealthy mosquitos to reproduce.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When we land on Mars, we need to choose the metric system or the imperial system and never introduce the other. Ever.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When we make alien contact I wonder if any of our common household items will look like their genitals and forever be ruined
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When we make contact with aliens, conspiracy theorists will make a 180 and say extraterrestrials don't exist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When we say that mosquitoes have no role in the ecologic system, maybe their role is to kill humans.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When we want another's thoughts, we say "penny for your thoughts." When we offer up our own, we say "putting my two cents in." We value our own opinion twice as much.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When we were kids, dick jokes were considered adult content, but when we are adult now, they're considered immature.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When weed becomes legal everywhere, Amazon is going to make billions on to-your-doorstep weed delivery.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you "bite down" on something, you're actually "biting up" because you can't move your top jaw
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you "water" something you add water to it, but when you "milk" something you take milk from it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you are 20 you put the empty bottles of booze you drank up as a trophy. When you are 30 you hide them before anyone sees them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you blow out your candles on your birthday, wish to die this year. Tell someone what you wished for. Repeat. Become immortal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you buckle your seatbelt, you are wearing your car.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you buy Halloween candy to hand out as an adult, it's like you are paying for all the free candy you got when you were a kid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you buy a bigger bed you have more bed room and less bedroom.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you buy a vinyl record, you get a free digital download of the album. So if you buy a hardcover book, you should get the e-book version for free.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you buy a washing machine it should come with a laundry basket that indicates how much can fit into the washing machine.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you buy something from a blacksmith, whoever smelt it dealt it.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When you call a girl a bitch, its usually when she is acting dominant or assertive, but when you call a guy a bitch, its because hes being a huge pussy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you catch a leaf falling from a tree, you're holding something that has never touched the ground.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you change "woman" to "women", the A changes to an E, but it's the sound of the O that changes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you change the w's in "where, what, and when" to t's you get the answers: "there, that, and then".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you clean out a vacuum cleaner, you then become a vacuum cleaner.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you die without children, you're the first of millions of ancestors to not reproduce.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you dip a French fry into ketchup you're dipping potato into tomato.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you donate blood, it will flow in someone else's boner.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you drink a bottle of whisky both you and the bottle end up drunk by the other.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you drink alcohol you are just borrowing happiness from tomorrow
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you drink alcohol, both you and the alcohol get drunk.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you eat at home as a family, everyone eats the same meal. But if you went out to a restaurant and everyone ordered the exact same thing, that'd be considered strange and even frowned upon
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you eat meat, your body turns dead meat into alive meat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you eat ribs you're eating a part of the animal that evolved specifically to protect the animal but is now one of the reasons the animal was killed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you first start dating someone, you are entering an unspoken contest to see who can hold their farts in the longest.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you get an uncomfortable boner and have to shift it's position, you're adjusting for inflation.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When you get to a certain age you're sneaking a glance at her ring finger, not her boobs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you have a fever, your body is basically saying "Kill it with fire!" To a virus.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you have a lot, you have hair. When you only have a few, you have hairs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you kill a cockroach and put it in the trashcan it's kinda like sending it to their version of heaven
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you lay a sand timer on its side, it looks like an infinity sign and the timer stops
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you lay awake at night, your brain is that one guy at the sleepover that all the other organs wish would shut up and go to sleep.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When you look at a picture of the Earth - all the green you see is plants. That's a fuckload of plants.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you lose a glove or shoe, there should be a place to donate the remaining glove or shoe to people with only one limb
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you lose weight, you're less content and more content.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When you make minimum wage you get yelled at for taking a shit for too long. When you make 50k a year, you're sent to day long conferences that have no relevance to you
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	When you masturbate, you are basically lying to your penis.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you meow at a cat and it meows back, could it be correcting your mispronunciation?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you order a slice of pizza from a pizza place, you're sharing a pizza with a group of strangers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you order food at a restaurant, you always start your order with a drink. At a fast food joint, you always end your order with a drink.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you pass roadside memorials on the highway, it's kinda like you're beating their highscore.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you pop bubble wrap, you're releasing a bi-product of the import. Chinese air.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When you procrastinate you're basically telling your future self, "Fuck you, you do it"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you put cheese on a burger, you are garnishing a dead cow with a product of it's own breast milk.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you say "forward" or "back" your lips move in that direction.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you say "the uhhhhhh..." in the middle of a sentence while trying to remember something, your brain is vocalizing its loading icon.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you say 'Forward' or 'Back', your lips move in those directions.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you say longitude or latitude your mouth follows the correct direction of the word said.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you say the word "crisp", it moves from the back of your mouth to the front as you say it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you search "Best SEO (search engine optimization) tutorial", you can trust the first result.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you see a word missing an e (like Flickr or Tumblr), that's the present trying to look like the future. When you see a word with an extra e (think Ye Olde Towne Bar &amp; Grille), that's the present trying to look like the past.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you see responses to a deleted comment, it's a bit like when kenny talks. Everyone else knows what he says, but your left to figure it out on your own.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you start using Reddit everyone appears to be smarter than you, a few months later you realize you're surrounded by mob mentality.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you step onto asphalt, you are standing on a nearly unbroken web which extends over almost the entire continent
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you think your job sucks, remember that the AARP has an IT tech support team.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you turn 30, you'll have lived about a full month of your life as your birthday.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you turn thirty, your fifteen year old mistakes become fifteen year old mistakes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you unmatch someone on Tinder it asks why. One option should be "I was drunk last night but now I'm sober."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you want to make sure a piece of paper doesn't get folded, you put it in something called a folder.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you're a child, dirty jokes are considered adult. However, when you're an adult, dirty jokes are considered juvenile/immature.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you're a child, you must not swear in front of adults. When you're an adult, you must not swear in front of children. It's only acceptable to swear in front of people your own age.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you're a kid and somebody swears, you're like "dude, don't swear, there are adults around." As an adult when someone swears you're like "dude, don't swear, there are kids here."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you're a kid, dare is the scarier option. When you're an adult, it's truth.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	When you're a kid, dick jokes are considered adult content, but when you're an adult they're considered immature.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you're a kid, staying up late makes you feel like an adult. When you're an adult, staying up late makes you feel like a kid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you're alive, it's air conditioning. When you're dead, it's refrigeration.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you're checking people out on Facebook with your smartphone, it's like a human pokedex
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you're criticised for being short, they're really just saying the worst thing about you is that there isn't more of you
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you're fat, everyday is leg day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you're home alone, you're not afraid of being alone; you're scared of NOT being alone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you're over at a couple's place, there's almost a 100% chance they've had sex on the couch they expect you to sit on.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When you're pregnant you have to drink virgin drinks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When your grandmother says "That's nice dear." It's equivalent to "Cool story bro."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	When youtubers die their children will have hours upon hours of voice/video recording to remember them by.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever C-3P0 exclaimed "Thank the Maker!" in the original trilogy, he was referring to Darth Vader.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever Disney "re-imagines" an animated classic as a live action film, they use so much CGI that they're essentially making an animated film.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I encounter a 30 second video ad, I silently think "This is a big waste of my time", before spending 2 more hours watching meme compliations for the rest of the night
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I enter my house and a bad smell is no longer there, I'm more worried that I got used to the smell than the smell actually being gone.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Whenever I fuck up bad, I just remember that somewhere, an ant just brought borax laced food back to his queen and killed his entire family.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I hear my own voice in a recording, it just makes me want to apologize to everyone that I've ever spoken to.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I hear the word "Egyptians" I never think of it referring to the people who currently live in Egypt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I look at nature, I still find it amazing we were able to turn those raw items into HDTVs, smart phones and other technology.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I misspell a word so badly that auto-correct can't recommend anything, I feel like I've beaten AI by being a moron.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I need to spell 'beautiful' I always think back to Bruce Almighty.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I scoop a dead fish out of my tank, I feel like that airship from the hunger games.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I see "TL;DR", I smile because of the happy, winking guy in the middle of it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I see a typing mistake on the Internet, I check my keyboard to see if it's a reasonable error or not.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I see a typo, I always look at the keyboard to see if the wrong letter is close to the letter that should have been used
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I see, "Do Not Use Knife" on a box, what I read is, "Use Knife Carefully".
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Whenever I see/hear someone blaring music from their car, I instantly think 'douche bag'. When I do it, I figure everyone thinks 'there goes a guy with a great taste in music, what a legend!'.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I start to feel like I'm different or unique I come on Reddit and realize there are thousands of people just like me
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I talk to my co-workers at work we talk about our personal lives, but whenever we hang out outside of work, we talk about work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I think I made a bad choice, I remember the number of publishing companies that said no to Harry Potter
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I think of the sea I think of beaches and ports but never of the miles of nothing and darkness that makes up the most of it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I type 'etc..' I'm completely out of examples.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I type 'etc...' It usually means I'm completely out of examples.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever I yell at my dog to stop barking, he probably thinks "Awesome now we're both barking".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever Reddit goes down, my first thought is to go to Reddit to find out why.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever a famous person dies, someone goes through their entry on Wikipedia and changes every "is" into a "was"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever a human walks through a spider web I bet the spider who built it is super psyched for a few seconds that he caught something so big
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever a kid has sadly died, the news reports they were bright and popular. Unlikeable stupid kids are immortal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever a teacher allowed students to make a cheat sheet for a test, they were conning us into actually studying
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever a well known person dies, someone on Wikipedia has to change every "is" and "are" to "was" and "were"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever commercials state that they are using real people and not actors I think about how insulting that must be to actors to not be considered real people.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever someone doesn't cite their sources I don't believe them, but when they do I don't even bother checking the sources.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever someone famous dies, there is always someone that thinks "Gotta edit that wikipedia page"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever someone makes a typo, I always look at my keyboard to see if the wrong letter is close enough to the correct letter to be justifiable.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever someone says their zodiac sign is enough to describe them on its own, it is. But probably not for the reason they think.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever someone talks about a sexual experience on Reddit I always imagine the people involved as being really hot, but they're most likely not at all.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever someone uses "my partner" I can't help but think they are gay, regardless of situation.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever the brain and the heart fight , its always the liver that suffers.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever you dig up dirt or a rock, that could be the first time it has seen the sun in millions of years.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever you paint the walls of a room, the room gets smaller, slightly.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whenever you sneak or hide in a video game, the computer notices you, tells the enemy AI and Mobs where you are and then forbids them from interacting with you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wherever a fatal car crash or pedestrian death occurs, a red square with the year of the accident should be permanently included in the pavement. Seeing a lot of red squares in a given location would make drivers and pedestrians more careful.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whether a Vacuum is on or off, it's always collecting dust.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whether you type "111111" or "123456", you will most likely think the same numbers while entering it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whether you're a woman or a straight man, taking a bra off is likely to be one of the high points of your day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whether you're going the speed limit, under the speed limit or over the speed limit, someone is going to be irritated with you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	While Apple's new campus is being built, I wonder how many jokes have been made about "installing windows"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	While a picture may be worth a thousand words, a movie is usually only worth half of a book.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	While asleep, our brains are capable of assembling complex narratives set in fantastical worlds; populating them with beings and structures, all perfectly animated and rendered... While awake, we're lucky if we can draw a decent stick figure.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	While growing up, the Bermuda Triangle seemed like a real threat for a while there.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	While millions of people are struggling to find water, we shit in it every morning.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	While searching on Google, I find myself still clicking the "did you mean" link even after Google has loaded the results I wanted
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	White people could refer to each other as nillas.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Who invented clapping? Someone literally saw something they liked and said "I like this so much I'm going to slam my hands together."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Who keeps giving homeless people sharpies?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Who looked at a bowl of rice and was like " I bet the most efficient way of eating this is with two sticks"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Who named it Karma and not Kreddit
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Who pisses the shit smear off the inner toilet bowl in lesbian households?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Who the fuck was "I" in the "Now that's what I call music" album series?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Who the hell figured out how butterflies work? Was there just someone randomly in the right place at the right time, or was someone deliberately following a caterpillar around like "this bug is up to something cool and I know it."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Who's crazier? A man who believes he has a talking dog? OR a man who ignores consistently great advice from his dog?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whoever came up with the term 'Ex-fiancées' really missed the opportunity to call them 'Near-Mrs'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whoever decided beards are unprofessional probably couldn't grow one
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whoever decided farts are embarrassing really ruined it for the rest of us.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whoever decided that an uppercase 'I' and lowercase 'l' should look exactly the same on a computer was a sadistic monster.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whoever designed the headphone jack really knocked it out of the park. Universal compatibility for several decades now.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Whoever discovered popcorn must have freaked the fuck out.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whoever invented Thundershirts for pets with anxiety missed a huge opportunity by not calling it Thunderwear
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whoever is controlling me sucks at this game
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whoever named "Now You See Me 2" missed a really obvious joke when they didn't name it "Now You Don't."
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Whoever named the sweater was wearing that shit in the summer like an idiot.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Whoever put an "s" in "lisp" is seriously an asshole.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whoever put the "b" in "subtle" is a genius.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whoever put the "b" in "subtle" was a really clever person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Whoever the first person was to try honey had to be really hungry.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Why are all dildos circumcised?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why are people so conflicted about what happens after death, but rarely wonder what happens before birth, since they're likely the same states of nonexistence?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why are the words "shampoo" and "conditioner" the hardest ones to find on the bottle?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why are there 2 A's in Aaron? Why not 6? What's stopping us?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why are there no medium sized rappers? whats wrong with middle wayne?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why are wedding dresses bought and tuxedos rented? The utility of each is such that it should be the other way around.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why aren't anal cream pies called moonpies
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why aren't cereal bags zip-loc yet?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why aren't iPhone chargers called apple juice?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why aren't there men's underwear that say "Willy Wonka" on the front, and "The Chocolate Factory" on the back?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why aren't there washing machines and dishwashers that you can pour a gallon of detergent into and they automatically add it to loads?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why aren't we more amazed that parrots can talk?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why can't we just have 13 months in a year? 365 ÷ 13 ≈ 28 days in a month, meaning each month would have four 7 day weeks. It's so perfect.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why did Cinderella's shoe fall off if it fit her perfectly?'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why did the Empire bother to compact their garbage if they just ejected it into space anyway?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why didn't Cinderella glass slipper turn back into a crappy shoe after midnight?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Why didn't Jennifer Aniston's nipples ever win an Emmy Award for their role in the TV show "Friends" ? They were in nearly every episode and always gave a solid performance.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Why do "balls" equate to toughness and "pussy" equates to weakness when even the slightest flick to the nards sends a guy to his knees and vaginas can push out an entire human being?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why do "open minded" people get mad at "close minded" people? Shouldn't they be a little more open minded to a closed mind?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why do I continually make the mistake of expecting intelligent conversations on sites where I might very well be talking to 13-year-olds?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Why do adult sites have a share button? Who watches porn and then thinks 'dave would fucking love this'
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why do baby clothes have pockets?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why do fat guys have to deal with rejection but fat girls are meant to be loved for who they are?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why do people I meet feel the need to tell me about a Japanese roommate or Chinese girlfriend they once had in college just because I'm Korean? I should just reply by telling them about an Irish prostitute I once had.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why do people say "tuna fish" when they don't say "beef mammal" or "chicken bird"?
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Why do porn websites have a share to social media option? As if I want Alyssa from high school to know what I've become
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why do storm troopers wear that cumbersome looking armor if all it takes is one shot from a blaster to kill them anyway?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why do the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles wear masks? Are they afraid that someone will discover their actual identities... giant muscular bipedal turtles?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why do the ninja turtles wear masks they're the only giant turtles around. *My 5yo asked me this*
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why do they call it, the 'roof' of your mouth. Since it is inside your mouth shouldn't it be called the 'ceiling'?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why do they offer 2014 as an option when selecting your birth date? Like you're fresh out of the womb ready to join Gmail.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Why do we even have gender deodorants, if I'm a grown ass man and I want to smell like Cocoa Butter Kisses, fuck it I will.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why do women's razor ads always show someone shaving their already perfectly hairless leg? Like, show me your razor shaving a man's leg, or a gorilla, and I'd be a lot more likely to buy it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why does Sally sell seashells down by the seashore? That seems like the place demand would be lowest and supply the highest. Economics 101 Sally.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why does every one associate Satan with heavy metal? For all we know, he might like smooth jazz
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why does my brain assume that new gadgets are delicate but as they get older they become stronger
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why does no one refer to a one-night-stand as a Humpty Dumpty?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why does the Price is Right have commercials if the whole show is basically advertising products?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why doesn't Tarzan have a beard?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why doesn't a liquor brand use the saying "you miss 100% of the shots you don't take"?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why doesn't anyone ever come back from a near death experience claiming Hell is for real?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why doesn't apple create a simple to use laptop, for old people, called the granny smith..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why don't Villains spray paint all the bomb wires black.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why don't jedis turn off their opponents lightsabers by force pressing the button?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why don't pizza companies have icecream -style trucks drive around in the evenings making pizzas on request? I would come running if I heard the Pizza Van playing greensleeves in our street.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why don't toothpaste companies make a drowsy toothpaste so when you brush before bed it helps you sleep?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why don't we send all of the unwanted pets to prisons to be cared for by the more responsible inmates? That way the animals get a home and the inmates learn more about responsibility for something other than themselves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why don't we take all of the "forever alone" girls from Tumblr, and match them with "forever alone" guys from Reddit?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why don't wheelchairs have pedals for when your arms get tired?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why hasn't anyone strapped some cameras onto a sperm whale? They regularly dive into the deepest parts of the ocean and supposedly fight giant squids.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why haven't Missy Elliott and Baskin Robbins teamed up for "Get Ur Free Cone" day yet?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why is Homer Simpson considered a professional failure? He is able to support a whole family in their own house as the sole earner.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why is it okay for the main character in movies to kill hundreds of innocent people working for the bad guys just to save a specific person important to him. I mean those guys had families too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why is it people often ask, "where will I go when I die," but rarely ask, "where was I before I was born"?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Why is it when a woman is a "bitch" she's angry and aggressive, but when a guy is a "bitch" he's meek and submissive?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why is suicide selfish, but expecting someone to go on with their unwanted life so nobody has to deal with the "loss" isn't?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why is there no adult Easter egg hunt!? A hunt where inside the plastic eggs are drink tickets for a beer garden. And brunch would be served. It would be glorious.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Why isn't Fuck, Marry, Kill called Bed, Wed, Behead?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why isn't Tinder's slogan "We have the tinder, all you need is a match?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why isn't tinder called "eBae"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why not make every bathroom unisex, with 100% private stalls instead of building two sets of bathrooms with stalls and/or urinals.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why not make reddit skins that look like Microsoft Outlook, LotusNotes and other frequently used email software so that people could browse while at work.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why on earth are cereal bags not Ziploc yet?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why should i go to someones funeral when I know for a fact that they will not go to mine?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why the HELL don't individual Poptart packages tell you what flavor they are?! What anarchy this is.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Why the fuck do birds run across the street? You have fucking wings you little shit, don't make me run your bird ass over.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Why the fuck is it even possible to raise only one side of the Venetian blinds? Has anyone in the history of humankind EVER wanted to raise only one side of their blinds?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why was /r/starwars not called /r/2d2?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why was it called 'The Cosby Show' if Bill Cosby played a guy named Cliff Huxtable?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Why when we cry our noses fill up almost immediately? It is like out own body is saying, I see, you are upset, here, let me help, why don't you just stop breathing altogether you weak bastard.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why would anybody buy a bookmark for a dollar when they could use a dollar as a bookmark?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Why would the guy who thought superman was a bird feel like he had to yell to everyone on the block about it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wile E. Coyote is an embarrassment to his species. Coyotes can max out at roughly 43 mph but roadrunners top out at 20
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Will Ferrell and Pharrell Williams have very similar names, just reversed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Will Ferrell should star in an comedy where he and three other comedians are members of a washed-up Boy Band past their prime.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Will Smith has one of the most generic white guy names ever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Will Smith's son, Jaden Smith, should star in a REVERSE fresh prince of bel-air, where he moves from a rich California neighborhood to an impoverished city one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Willy Wonka got pretty lucky that all the winners spoke English
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Willy Wonka sent out his chocolate bars worldwide, and 5 white kids (4 with first-world problems) still won.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wind conditions at my desk have never necessitated a paper weight
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Windows 10 rebooting without permission is like your mother coming into your room, closing all the books on your desk, and putting them away while your in the middle of a massive research project. There seems to be no stopping it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Windows should make an antivirus program called Microsoft Officer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Windows' "checking a solution to the problem" feature when a program crashes has never found the solution to the problem.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Winnie the Pooh stars two kangaroos and a rabbit, yet the tiger is the one known for bouncing
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Winning a jar of jelly beans by guessing how many are in the jar is probably the worse prize ever because someone counted every one of those beans and I bet they didn't wear gloves.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Winter is really going to separate the Pokémon Masters from the Pokémon Trainers
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wireless mice should be called hamsters
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wish I were a little kid so I could take a long nap and everyone would just be proud of me.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Witches have black cats because if they had white cats they would have white cat hair all over their clothes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With 3D printing in a few years we'll feasibly be able to torrent a Lego set.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With 7 billion people on Earth, every single day (24 hour period) there is over 19 million years of human experience that occurs.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With 7 billion people, getting laid is statistically the easiest it's ever been in the history of the world. Yet I'm still home alone. In my boxers. On reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With Disney owning Marvel, Pixar and Star Wars plus the upcoming introduction of Doctor Strange (alternate dimensions), it is entirely possible to see a three way crossover of The Incredibles, The Avengers and the Jedis in the same film, as a musical.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With Guitar Hero no longer in production, my ability to play the game on Expert mode is a useless talent I'll never be able to preform again.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With Jesus Christ's blood-alcohol level being about 14% alcohol (typical of wine), it is very irresponsible to encourage him to take the wheel.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With Kanye announcing his run for Presidency in 2020 and Trump running for 2016, we are literally one step closer to Idiocracy.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	With PornHubs new idea of planting a tree per 100 videos watched, I am single handedly saving the world.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	With RDJ and Benedict Cumberbatch in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, there should be a scene where someone says "No shit sherlock" and both RDJ and Cumberbatch look around confused
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With Sesame Street moving to HBO, I wonder which character will be killed off first?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With a good enough 3D printer, I could download more RAM.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With all the horrors and tragedies in the US it's almost like it was built on an ancient Indian burial ground.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	With all the porn I've watched in my life I wonder how many times I've watched someone get an STD
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With as much as I use my cell phone I don't believe it's ever made an appearance in one of my dreams
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With every passing second you very slowly move up the leaderboard for oldest living person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With infinite universes, think of another version of you and say 'hi'. There's a version of them thinking of you and saying 'hi'. You just communicated through dimensions using probability.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With inflation the way it is, there will be a time when the Harriet Tubman $20 will only be worth 3/5 of what the Andrew Jackson 20 is now worth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With less than a quarter of his net worth, Bill Gates could buy every team in the NBA, draft himself, and pay every player in the league to play worse than him so that he's the number one all star
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With so many kids using iPads and other tablets, Apple should have a setting that makes Siri ask for proper manners to help teach them since they talk to her so often.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With so many people in the world, every time a microwave counts down to Zero, it's counting down to the end of someone's life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With the advent of the smart phone, I probably learn more on the toilet than anywhere else in the house.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With the amount of "stop, drop, and roll" education I received growing up, I kinda thought catching on fire would be a more common problem as an adult.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With the way that 2016 has been going so far, the next season of South Park should be amazing.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	With water, it's a puddle, but with blood, it's a pool.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Without life, the universe would never have known it existed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Without the water, a shower would be nothing but 10-15 min of fondling yourself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wiz Khalifa's password for everything should be "BlackAndYellow" and the hint should be "You know what it is."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wizards smoke out of long pipes so they do not risk setting their beards on fire.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wolverine could've saved more lives by becoming a multiple organ donor than being an x men.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wolverine is the least polite of the X-Men, despite the fact he is Canadian.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wolverine should be donating his organs over and over again every single day.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Women are born with all the eggs they'll ever have. So though I was born in the 1980s, I've existed since the 1950s.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Women are the original 3D printers.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Women can say "what a dick" as an insult or a compliment for men.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Women in porn love cumshots because it means their shift is over...
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Women live longer than men. Gay men live longer than straight men. Therefore sucking dick is the fountain of youth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Women sound like murderers when they comment on each other's photos "I WANT TO BE YOU", "I WANT YOUR SKIN", "I WANT YOUR HAIR"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Women tend to laugh at jokes told by men they think are attractive. It probably makes it confusing for guys who are legitimately funny but not attractive.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Women with breast implants are affecting evolution because men who are attracted to big boobs are actually breeding with smaller chested women.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Women's haircuts are considered good if people notice them; men's haircuts are considered good if people don't notice them.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wondering if whoever hacked MySpace can let me know my login information too.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Words ending in "-us" are pluralized with "-i", but the plural of the word "I" is "us."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Working from home is a very, very bad thing if you happen to be a firefighter.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Working out is just tricking your body into thinking your life is harder than it actually is
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Would humans have invented airplanes if all animals were flightless?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wouldn't cigarette companies benefit from finding a cure for cancer?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wouldn't it be great if 20 years from now someone rolls a 5 and Robin Williams comes back to us?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wouldn't it be hilarious if they came up with some kind of vaccination that prevented autism?
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Wouldn't it be nice if car horns had multiple honk types (gentle to get attention, a hello honk, the necessary fuck you honk, etc)? Emotihonks?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wouldn't it make more sense to to swear on the Constitution, instead of the bible, while in court?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wrestling is a sport where people who don't wear pants compete for a belt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wrestling is a sport where two people without pants fight for a belt.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wrestling videogames are actual competitions with no predetermined winner. Does that make them more "real" than the live action they're based on?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Writers of terms and conditions should be legally obligated to include a Tl;Dr at the end of every contract
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Writing 2k15 instead of 2015 annoys me more than it should.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wrong is spelled wrong in the dictionary.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wtf is salt? "Hey, throw this rock on your food and it will taste better. Also if you don't get enough of it you'll die, and if you get too much of it you might die too"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Wu-Tang Clan should release "Once Upon A Time In Shaolin" for free, making Martin Shkreli the one person who paid millions of dollars for something that everyone else got for free.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	X88B88 looks like the word voodoo reflecting off of itself.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Xbox ONE sounds like the President's Xbox
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Xbox allows 11 year old to call me fucker and talk about raping my mom, but me choosing the user name Catfish_tits is to vulgar and crossing the line.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	YOLO is a better argument for playing it safe than it is for taking unecessary risks.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	YOLO should be an argument against being stupid, not for it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Ya know all of those bad guys who went to jail at the end of all of those 80's and 90's action-comedy movies? Most of them would be out of jail by now.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Yelling "Fuck" during sex is like yelling "Hockey" while playing a game of hockey.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Yelling at someone is basically like saying, "Here's my stress. It's all yours now."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Yelp is suing South Park for $10M because of their recent episode, meaning they're essentially getting upset at them over a bad review.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Yesterday I got a free burrito from Chipotle that they gave away as a result of the E. Coli outbreaks. I have never gotten E. Coli. Thus E. Coli has only had a positive impact on my life.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Yesterday I really wanted spaghetti. Today I am eating spaghetti. Follow your fucking dreams.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Yesterday my Steam account turned 9 years old. Eventually my steam account will be older than the people I am playing against.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Yoda probably decided the release order of the Star Wars movies.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You all have much more interesting showers than I do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You are a brain, sitting inside an armoured cockpit, piloting a bone mecha.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You are eventually going to stub your toe again on a very hard surface and it's going to hurt a lot. It will happen someday and all you can do is wait.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You are hearing this sentence with your eyes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You are literally always clapping, just sometimes with really long pauses.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You are more likely to lose your job by being a dentist shooting a lion than a cop shooting a person
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You are never finished pooping. At best, you are just between pooping.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You are not "raising a child" you are "training a future adult"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You are still "it" from a game of tag you played several years ago.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You are younger now than you are now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You aren't actually afraid of being left alone in your house, or in the forest; You're afraid that you AREN'T alone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You become a grown-up the moment you wish you were still a kid
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You can ask a tall person for help reaching something on a tall shelf but you can't ask a short person for help grabbing something that is near the ground.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You can call someone who makes prosthetics a professional body builder.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	You can post a random gif of any porn, and someone on reddit will be able to guide you to a source in HD, place to download/torrent, even all previous scenes and movies with the stars involved. What a time to be alive.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You can safely store milk and raw beef at 101.5 °F... in a cow.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You can spell "LIFE" within the letter "E"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You can tell Arrested Development is an old TV show because it's about a CEO who goes to prison.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You can tell a lot about a history teacher based on when they use 'we' vs 'they' in a lecture.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You can tell someone doesn't read much if they keep trying to talk to you while you're reading a book
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You can tell that the Flintstones lived a very long time ago because they're a single-income working class family with their own house.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You can't actually bite down. You can only bite up.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You can't change the volume of the voice inside your head, you can however change the pitch and tone
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You can't see photons, but photons are the only thing you can see.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You can't spell "american dream" without "Eric Andre" right in the middle
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You can't tell anything about a person from their star sign, but you can tell a lot about someone who believes in them
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You can't turn the ability to read off. You can't look at words without automatically and instantly comprehending them. Your brain has taken a human-made thing and made it instinct.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You could completely remove the semi colon from keyboards and the majority of people wouldn't notice until they wanted to send someone a wink.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You could create a company called "The Leading Brand" to screw with commercials.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You could destroy an entire family, simply by sending an anonymous letter saying "Your suspicions are right. -A friend"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You could just post a picture of a random object and say it's cake and people would be super impressed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You could say that slow internet connections are constipated because they need fiber
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	You could seriously piss off your neighbours by buying a puppy and naming it the same as their child.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You could've possibly avoided future spankings as a child by saying "Spank me harder, Daddy" after the first one.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You don't actually bite down on anything. You bite up.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	You don't feel old until scrolling to your year of birth takes too damn long
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You don't have 9 foot ceilings, you have 9 foot walls.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You don't kill time, times kills you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You don't know your very own birth date until someone tells you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You don't need a parachute to skydive. You need a parachute to skydive twice.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You don't teleport to the the other edge playing PacMan, the maze is a sphere and we're looking at it like a world map.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You don't truly appreciate how good it is to not be sick until you get sick.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You don't want a wikipedia article about your plane flight.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You either die a Chris Farley, or live long enough to see yourself become an Adam Sandler
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You get tears when you yawn because you miss your bed and it makes you sad.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You had absolutely no say in the matter of your existence.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You have already seen some people for the last time
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You have no idea what you've forgotten about.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You have to hand it to Liquid-Plumr: They make a product you buy, take home, literally pour directly down the drain, and then you go back to buy more.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You have to understand the difference between someone who speaks to you on their free time and someone who frees their time to speak to you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You kill time until time kills you
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know a film will be serious when the studio's logo has no music.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know how people talking in slow motion kinda sounds like whales? What if we sped up whale noises and they were actually speaking people language but just really slowly
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know how you can tap on YouTube videos to see how much time is left? I wish I could do that when some people talk
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know it's a rough week in the United States when 'first time police use robot with explosives to kill gunman' gets buried in the news.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know it's time to check your bank account when you're too afraid to check your bank account.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	You know shit just went down in a tv episode when they show the credits with no music
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	You know shits about to go down when the name of your next mission is the title of the game
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know something is wrong with the healthcare system if you get sick and the first thing you worry about is "how am I going to pay for this."
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	You know what the world is missing? A celebrity animal-fucking scandal.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know what would be funny? If a giant monster movie turned out to be a power rangers movie at the very end.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know what'd be really cool? If someone took all of the top /r/earthporn posts and plotted them on a map
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know when you tap a YouTube video to see how much longer it's got left? I wish you could do that to people when they're talking to you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know you are no longer a child when getting money causes relief instead of excitement.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know you're a millennial when ordering a side of guac is a financial decision.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know you're adult when you have the freedom to eat ice cream for breakfast..... but you choose not to.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know you're an adult when your house makes noises and you're scared it's an expensive repair bill and not a monster.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know you're an adult when, instead of being excited you have more money in your account than you should, you get confused and scared.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know you're becoming an adult when you already own most of the needed ingredients for a recipe.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	You know you're driving a shitty car when the check engine light turns off and that makes you worried.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	You know you're fucked if your favorite band visits you while you're in a hospital
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know you're getting old when "Weird Al" Yankovic starts parodying songs you don't know
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	You know you're getting old when MILF porn looks like regular women.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	You know you've officially broken in a new phone when it stops trying to auto-correct "Fuck" for you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know your job sucks if people get sentenced to do it as community service
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know, I never would have known about Adblocker before some sites thanked me for not using it, so congratulations, you played yourself
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know, for an adult cartoon I've liked Family Guy less and less as I've grown older
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You know, if Frodo had turned into a ringwraith, he'd be the cutest, least intimidating wraith ever. Maybe he'd even get a tiny fell-beast to ride.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You may have accidentally set a random, bizarre world record but didn't realize it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You need teeth to pronounce the word teeth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You never appreciate breathing through your nose, until you have a cold
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You never know how many people you dislike until you have to name your child
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You never notice how curved the inside of your shoe is until you put it on the wrong foot.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You never notice how many times a day you swallow until you have a sore throat.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You never realize how cluttered your desk is until you spill a glass of water.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You never realize how few original Christmas songs there are until you work in retail and have to hear the same 6 songs sung by 10 different people in a 4 hr shift.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You never realize how many curse words are in a song until it's playing in front of your parents
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You never realize how much is stolen from reddit until you start going on reddit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You never realize how often you use a finger until you have a cut on it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You never really appreciate an unblocked nose until you have a blocked nose.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You never really appreciate open nostrils until they are blocked
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You never really outgrow having sleepovers. You just eventually pick one friend to sleepover every night for the rest of your life.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You never truly appreciate an unblocked nose until you develop a cold and can't breathe through your nose
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You only have problems if you care.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You only know how old you are because other people have told you
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You overlook something you're supposed to see, but you overhear something you're not supposed to hear.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You put things in a folder to keep them from getting folded
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You seldom realize how much you took for grated a good keyboard until oe of the letters stops workig
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You should be able to FaceTime 911 to give them a live feed (recorded on their end for evidence) of what's happening in case something happens to you or your phone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You should be able to double press elevator floor buttons to cancel a mistaken choice
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You should be able to downvote google links that were completely worthless or spammy
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You should be able to go incognito on your reddit account so you don't have to make a throwaway account.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You should be able to park in the "expecting mothers" parking spots at the mall if you are waiting to pick up your mother.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	You should be able to punch one person a year in the face without repercussions, people would be a lot less douchey if they thought they might get punched in the face at anytime.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	You should be able to put a tag on your username that says "learning English" so that other users can help correct your grammar and spelling without seeming like uptight assholes.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You should be able to scan the barcode of books you already own and get an ebook version for free.
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	You should be able to tag a snapchat nsfw when you send it, so the person who gets if knows if they can open it in public or not
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You should be able to text 911 if you're in a situation where it's dangerous to make noise.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You should be able to yell "BE RIGHT THERE" to your phone and since it knows you're coming, it gives you a few extra rings before sending the user to voicemail.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You should have an opportunity to donate blood while waiting for someone else to be treated in the ER.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	You should not commit to a tattoo unless you can read your post history from a year ago and not end up asking yourself, "what the fuck was I thinking?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You spend your entire childhood being told not to talk to strangers but as an adult its one of the most important things you have to do.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You think you're unique until you have to choose a username
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You use a ladle to get broth, and a brothel to get laid.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You wake up when you die in a dream because you don't know what happens next
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You will never feel how long time is until you have allergies and snot slowly dripping out of your nostrils, while sitting in a classroom with no tissues.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You will never lose a game of Russian roulette as long as you live.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You wouldn't name your kid "Jew," so why would you name him "Christian?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You'll know your English is really good when people you meet stop saying that your English is really good.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You'll never be as lazy as the person who named the fireplace.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You're all reading this from the future!
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You're meant to become an expert in something after doing it for 10000 hours, but I've been eating for way longer than that and still bite the inside of my mouth.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You're more likely to be found unattractive for being insecure about your appearance than whatever makes you feel insecure about your appearance.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You're not completely useless, you can be used as a bad example.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You're not the first person to read this sentence, but you are the most recent.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You're the bad guy in somebody's story.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You're too big to ride the dog by the time you're smart enough to think to ride the dog.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You've never been in an empty room
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	You've never met the loneliest person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	YouTube Red takes something I don't want and asks me to pay for it, but RedTube takes something I'd pay for and gives it to me for free.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	YouTube ads aren't getting me to watch more ads. They're just getting me to watch less YouTube.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	YouTube became popular because people hated the commercial network format. YouTube is slowly becoming a commercial network.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	YouTube should have a "Don't ever recommend shit like this to me again" button.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	YouTube should have a "disable video" function leaving only the audio when listening to music in order to reduce data usage.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	YouTube should have an audio-only mode for listening to music on data-capped connections.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	YouTube should let me view vertical videos in vertical full screen on my phone.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	YouTube should permanently disable ads on Rick Astley's 'Never Gonna Give You Up' so the joke isn't ruined
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	YouTube should take down every prank video and channel on April 1st, then put them back up again 24 hours later with a sign that simply says, "it's just a prank, bro."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	YouTube shouldn't just show how many views a video has, but the average amount of time people watch before they click away from it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Young girls wear makeup to look like the older girls who wear makeup to look younger
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your 20's are a lot like your teens, except the chemical imbalances are self-imposed rather than naturally occurring.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your age is just the number of laps you've done around a giant fireball in the center of the solar system.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your age is just the number of laps you've done around a giant fireball in the centre of the solar system.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your age shows how many laps you've done around the Sun while riding Earth
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your anus can release material all three states of matter. Solid, liquid, gas.
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	Your ass is your leg's shoulder
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your bed is a shelf you put your body on when you're not using it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your bellybutton is your first scar
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your body is made of new cells every seven years. Negative reports drop from your credit after seven years. You're no longer responsible because you are literally a different person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your capability is literally the cap to your ability
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your car keys have more mileage than your car.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your dog doesn't know you can make mistakes. When you trip over him in the dark, he thinks you got up just to kick him in the head.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your dogs butt would be a good place to smuggle drugs past a drug dog
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your eyes water when you yawn because you miss your bed and that makes you sad
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your first erection is an erection, subsequent erections are resurrections.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your first time jerking off should be called your Faptism.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your future self is desperately wishing you would do something right now.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your future self is watching you right now through memories.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your handwriting is like the accent of your hands.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your life is basically an interview for people to attend your funeral.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your lips don't touch when you say "touch" but touch when you say "separate".
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your name is just a codeword people use to get your attention.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your neck is really just a head wrist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your outdoor cat might have another owner
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	Your penis has been deeper inside your mom than your dad's ever has
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your shadow is a confirmation that light has traveled nearly 93 million miles unobstructed, only to be deprived of reaching the ground in the final few feet thanks to you.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your social status determines if you are either murdered or assassinated.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your spouse is technically your ex boyfriend/girlfriend. They just got promoted, not fired.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your stomach is always filled with warm vomit.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your stomach thinks all potato is mashed.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Your water purifier being broken is both a first-world problem and a third-world problem.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Youtube ads have made me watch less videos rather than more ads
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Youtube should add a feature where you can't like or dislike a video until you've watched a certain percentage of the video's length
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Youtube should add a feature whereby a bar shows the viewer the average time previous viewers made it through the video
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Youtube should have a "Never show me this channel ever again, not even in my searches" button.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Youtube should have a tip button on music videos so you can tip like 25 cents~ to verified artists that share their music on the site.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Youtube should have an "audio only" option (for lectures, music etc) to save bandwidth
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Youtube should have the opposite of a subscribe button that makes channels disappear from your feed completely.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Youtube should make it so that people can't leave a comment until they have played through the entire video at least once.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Zero is plural, but 1 is singular. (0 Comments, 1 Comment)
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Zip code should be the first field in address section on web forms so that City and State fields are automatically populated
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Zombie movies usually depict a universe in which zombie movies do not exist
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Zombies are perpetual motion machines. they shouldn't be destroyed but used as an energy source.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	Zombies should be naked from the waist down. All of that weight lost to dehydration and rot would cause their pants to fall down.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	[1 in 4 car accidents are caused by texting and driving] People: "Won't be me." [1 in 292 million chance of winning the Powerball] People: "You never know."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	[META] Nick Offerman brings our Shower Thoughts to life
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	[NSFW] A good name for an anal porn star would be * because it looks like a butt hole and is pronounced like "ass tricks."
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	[nsfw] when a woman says she's never had an orgasm, guys take it as a challenge. When a guy says I can't get it up, women take it as an insult.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	a cocaine addict with the flu would be a very unhappy person.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	a sheep spends her whole life fearing the wolves, and gets eaten in the end by the shepherd.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	all flashlights should have a glow-in-the-dark band on them so you can find them when you need a flashlight
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	an easy way to spot a drug dealer is by how fast someone can do weight conversions
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	as a non-gamer I feel like there is a good 25% of reddit that I don't appreciate or understand
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	asking someone to sleep over is weird. you're basically asking "hey, would you like to come lay dormant with me for 6-9 hours?"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	behind every girls selfie is approximately 48 nearly identical photos that just didn't cut it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	being an adult is basically a "choose your own adventure" book, but every choice sounds terrible
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	bing.com would be a great password since no one intentionally types it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	chocolate lava cake is still only chocolate magma cake until you start eating it.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	do you ever think deaf people read the lyrics for top 40 songs and think, maybe being deaf isn't that bad after all.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	dogs are the wolves who sold out to the man
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	eBay is Pig Latin for be.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	ea is like 69 for little people
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	every breath I take resets my 5 minute death timer
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	girls in porn are so happy after a facial because they finished working
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	giving birth was probably a piece of cake for mrs incredible
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	i get paid to stare at a screen all day to afford to stare at a screen all night
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	i have never seen a blind person reading a public braille sign
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	i think the biggest communication problem is we do not listen to understand. we listen to reply.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	i use to come to reddit for fun and entertainment, but lately i come every morning primarily to check if there were any mass murders while i slept
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	i'll never be as lazy as whoever named the fireplace
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	iOS icons shake in fear of being deleted.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	iWatch is useless since you could bend the iPhone 6 around your wrist.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if 666 is the most evil number in the world, then 25.8069758011 is literally the root of all evil.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if I ever made the front page, I couldn't tell my friends because I don't want them to know who I am on the internet
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if I walk west I will always be going west, but if I walk north I'll eventually be walking south.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if a smoker got amnesia, would they remember they smoke and have the urge to smoke or unknowingly quit?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if colleges really want to prepare high school students for today's job market then they should only accept students who " at least 2-3 years college experiance".
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	if dicks shrunk for lying (instead of noses growing), then the world would be a lot more honest
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if i asked "what is your favourite sub?" my grandfather would name a naval vehicle, my mother would name a sandwich, and my friends would name a page of reddit
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if money can't buy happiness why do I have to pay for my antidepressants?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if my dad jerked off just ONCE more in his life before my conception i wouldn't be here
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if the Americans bring down Fifa, we should allow them to call the sport soccer.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if there's a "heavens no" and a 'hell yea" why isn't there a "purgatory perhaps"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if we found ants as they exist here on earth, on another planet, we'd consider them a civilization
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if we found out that pollution was negatively affecting internet speed, the air would get so clean so fast
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if you can't find your camouflage clothing, did you or did you not waste your money?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if you had enough money, you could buy out facebook and just delete it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if you live in North America, my driveway is connected to yours.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	if you rob a bank you won't need to worry about bills for the next 10 years, successful or not
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	in my head Shrek is the lead singer of SmashMouth..
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	in theory, there is a combination of digital 0's and 1's that would result in a video of me having a threesome with Jennifer Lawrence and Emma Watson.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	instead of all the prequel and sequel movies coming out, they should start making equels - films shot in the same time period as the original film, but from an entirely different perspective
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	it's funny that EA is making us pay so much on DLC, because their (sports) slogan is "it's in the game"
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	it's pretty fucked up how Winnie The Pooh and Jack The Ripper have the same middle name
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	just drove from california to Illinois with a fly in the car. I wonder if the illinois flies will accept him as their own.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	loitering is the illegal act of existing while not spending money
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	masturbating before the internet will become my generation's "walked over 5 miles to school in the snow"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	maybe aliens don't talk to us because we're creepy. i mean we send them weird mix tapes and we keep trying to find out where they live
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	most of the people i see driving around in retired police cars look the sort of people who've spent plenty of time in the back of police cars
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	nothing makes sense, pizzas are round, the boxes we put them in are square and we eat them as triangles
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	on April fools day, PornHub should change the mute button to a full-volume button
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	people aren't getting dumber, it's just that stupid people get their voice heard easier now
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	people who say they "believe" in science are missing the whole point of science
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	plus-size models are great, because they're finally showing young people you don't need to be skinny to be beautiful. you just need an extremely attractive face.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	r/Unexpected should just pop up in front page once in a while even to someone who doesn't follow it
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	r/canada should be given an exception and have been named o/canada
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	r/creepy should continue to show up on your front page even after you've unsubscribed
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	r/mildlyinfuriating should have been spelled wrong
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	r/nofap is one big circle jerk over not jerking off
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	r/tifu would be a lot more interesting if people could go on reddit for an hour after they die
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	reddit gold is a bit weird. If some stranger made a good point in conversation I wouldn't give them money
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	reddit should make art contests for the 503 (all servers are busy) error page image and change it every few days so it will be cool to see the new funny images and less frustrating to see reddit down all the time.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	removing a headphone jack causes more uproar than a phone that literally explodes
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	sex and extreme sports are actually quite similar: you come dangerously close to changing the world's population count by 1.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	skinny jeans... making it impossible to look sexy getting undressed since 2007.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	smoking out of a bong is one of the few singular activities that involves water, earth, wind, AND fire
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	thanks to baseball, i'm allowed to fuck up twice before i actually get in trouble.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	the KKK ruined a perfectly good white wizard costume
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	the blood in your anus is the same blood that goes through your tongue
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	the correct response for any 'Explain like I'm Five' post that involves sex or reproduction should be "We'll talk about this when you're older"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	the divide symbol ÷ represents numerator over denominator. the dots are placeholders.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	the goo goo dolls need to tour with lady gaga and call it the goo goo gaga tour
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	the most likely person to own a katana is the least intimidating person to weild a katana
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	the older i get, the less i use cereal as an item for breakfast and the more i use it for a dessert.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	the people born the day before or after the cutoff point to start kindergarten were close to having a completely different life
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	the strangest part of growing up is realizing how little adults really know
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	the top selling VHS right now will hold that record forever
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	the world's most famous carpenter died nailed to a board
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	there must be millions of comments on reddit that never got viewed by anyone except the OP
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	there should be 'fuck off' mode on your phone, where no one can contact you and you can just use the data
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	there should be a show called 'The King of Bel-Air' where Will Smith plays a similar role Uncle Phil was playing in the fresh prince.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	there's probably a thousand gay people coming out of the closet today just to test the waters
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	those who go out of their way to make others happy at the expense of themselves probably dont want others to feel the kind of sadness they are feeling on the inside
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	tl:dr, is a tl:dr of 'too long, didn't read', because 'too long, didn't read' is too long to read.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	trust falls are bulsshit. I would trust my best friend with my life, but I'm sure he would let me fall, film the whole thing and upload it to facebook
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	u/Poem_for_your_sprog and u/shittywatercolours should combine to make a childrens book of poems and then watercolours depicting the poems.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	we'll probably see a TIL in ten years time that reads "TIL that the famous prodigy inventor Ahmed was once arrested for bringing a home-made clock to school. Police thought it was a bomb."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	what are snails even trying to do
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	what if aristotle was pronounced like chipotle
showerthoughts	observations	edgy	1	what if condoms had temporary tattoos on the inside so like when you rolled off the condom there was a picture of a dinosaur on your dick
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	what if radiation in space was designed so human's can't explore? Like in a video game when you are outside the map you die?
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	when I see a pretty girl and she is smoking I just think "what a waste"
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	when an ad pops up in the middle of a Youtube video, I think it actually causes people to not want that product even more than before.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	when you're too shy to ask a girl for her number you never see her again, but if you ask a girl and she turns you down you see her at chipotle and bars and parties and on a megabus to El Paso
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	why doesn't reddit do a pink nsfw for kinky links and a red one for the messed up ones
showerthoughts	observations	nsfw	1	why not have a ''front page'' and a ''NSFW front page?''
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	will.i.am's tombstone should say "will.i.was."
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	you know that your game of monopoly starts to escalate when someone asks for the game instructions
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	'Respect your elders' makes no sense. I don't care if you're 5, 15 or 50, everyone deserves respect until they continue to act in ways that doesn't command it. Then, respect has to be earned back.
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I don't watch TV" proudly says a person who spends 8 hours a day on the internet
showerthoughts	observations	general	0	"I'll be speaking with my lawyer" is the adult version of saying "I'm telling mom".
