songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	100 buckets of bits on the bus 100 buckets of bits Take one down, short it to ground FF buckets of bits on the bus FF buckets of bits on the bus FF buckets of bits Take one down, short it to ground FE buckets of bits on the bus ad infinitum...
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	99 blocks of crud on the disk, 99 blocks of crud! You patch a bug, and dump it again: 100 blocks of crud on the disk! 100 blocks of crud on the disk, 100 blocks of crud! You patch a bug, and dump it again: 101 blocks of crud on the disk! ...
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	A bit of talcum Is always walcum
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	A box without hinges, key, or lid, Yet golden treasure inside is hid.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	A bunch of the boys were whooping it in the Malemute saloon; The kid that handles the music box was hitting a jag-time tune; Back of the bar, in a solo game, sat Dangerous Dan McGrew, And watching his luck was his light-o'-love, the lady that's known as Lou.
songs-poems	work-money	aphorism	general	0	A cousin of mine once said about money, money is always there but the pockets change; it is not in the same pockets after a change, and that is all there is to say about money.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	A Elbereth Gilthoniel, silivren penna miriel o menel aglar elenath! Na chaered palan-diriel o galadhremmin ennorath, Fanuilos, le linnathon nef aear, si nef aearon!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	A little word of doubtful number, A foe to rest and peaceful slumber. If you add an "s" to this, Great is the metamorphosis. Plural is plural now no more, And sweet what bitter was before. What am I?
songs-poems	work-money	verse	general	0	A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
songs-poems	science	verse	general	0	A mighty creature is the germ, Though smaller than the pachyderm. His customary dwelling place Is deep within the human race. His childish pride he often pleases By giving people strange diseases. Do you, my poppet, feel infirm? You probably contain a germ.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	A robin redbreast in a cage Puts all Heaven in a rage.
songs-poems	faith	aphorism	general	0	A truth that's told with bad intent Beats all the lies you can invent.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	After all my erstwhile dear, My no longer cherished, Need we say it was not love, Just because it perished?
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Ah, but a man's grasp should exceed his reach, Or what's a heaven for ?
songs-poems	life	dark	general	0	Ah, but the choice of dreams to live, there's the rub. For all dreams are not equal, some exit to nightmare most end with the dreamer But at least one must be lived ... and died.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Ah, my friends, from the prison, they ask unto me, "How good, how good does it feel to be free?" And I answer them most mysteriously: "Are birds free from the chains of the sky-way?"
songs-poems	science	joke	general	0	Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall, Aleph-null bottles of beer, You take one down, and pass it around, Aleph-null bottles of beer on the wall.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Alive without breath, As cold as death; Never thirsty, ever drinking, All in mail never clinking.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	All my friends are getting married, Yes, they're all growing old, They're all staying home on the weekend, They're all doing what they're told.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	All who joy would win Must share it -- Happiness was born a twin.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	An eye in a blue face Saw an eye in a green face. "That eye is like this eye" Said the first eye, "But in low place, Not in high place."
songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	And as we stand on the edge of darkness Let our chant fill the void That others may know In the land of the night The ship of the sun Is drawn by The grateful dead. -- Tibetan "Book of the Dead," ca. 4000 BC.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	And here I wait so patiently Waiting to find out what price You have to pay to get out of Going thru all of these things twice
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	And I heard Jeff exclaim, As they strolled out of sight, "Merry Christmas to all -- You take credit cards, right?" -- "Outsiders" comic
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	And if California slides into the ocean, Like the mystics and statistics say it will. I predict this motel will be standing, Until I've paid my bill.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	And if sometime, somewhere, someone asketh thee, "Who kilt thee?", tell them it 'twas the Doones of Bagworthy!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	And if you wonder, What I am doing, As I am heading for the sink. I am spitting out all the bitterness, Along with half of my last drink.
songs-poems	arts	quip	general	0	And in the heartbreak years that lie ahead, Be true to yourself and the Grateful Dead.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	And miles to go before I sleep.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	And so it was, later, As the miller told his tale, That her face, at first just ghostly, Turned a whiter shade of pale.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	And the silence came surging softly backwards When the plunging hooves were gone...
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	And this is good old Boston, The home of the bean and the cod, Where the Lowells talk only to Cabots, And the Cabots talk only to God.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	And we heard him exclaim As he started to roam: "I'm a hologram, kids, please don't try this at home!'"
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	And... What in the world ever became of Sweet Jane? She's lost her sparkle, you see she isn't the same. Livin' on reds, vitamin C, and cocaine All a friend can say is "Ain't it a shame?"
songs-poems	faith	dark	general	0	Angels we have heard on High Tell us to go out and Buy.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	April is the cruellest month...
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Are there those in the land of the brave Who can tell me how I should behave When I am disgraced Because I erased A file I intended to save?
songs-poems	love	quip	general	0	As for the women, though we scorn and flout 'em, We may live with, but cannot live without 'em.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	As I was going up Punch Card Hill, Feeling worse and worser, There I met a C.R.T. And it drop't me a cursor. C.R.T., C.R.T., Phosphors light on you! If I had fifty hours a day I'd spend them all at you.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	As I was passing Project MAC, I met a Quux with seven hacks. Every hack had seven bugs; Every bug had seven manifestations; Every manifestation had seven symptoms. Symptoms, manifestations, bugs, and hacks, How many losses at Project MAC?
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	As some day it may happen that a victim must be found I've got a little list -- I've got a little list Of society offenders who might well be underground And who never would be missed -- who never would be missed.
songs-poems	life	wisdom	general	0	At times discretion should be thrown aside, and with the foolish we should play the fool.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	Avoid Quiet and Placid persons unless you are in Need of Sleep.
songs-poems	arts	fact	general	0	Azh nazg durbataluk, azh nazg gimbatul, Azh nazg thrakataluk agh burzum ishi krimpatul!
songs-poems	life	dark	general	0	Be assured that a walk through the ocean of most Souls would scarcely get your Feet wet. Fall not in Love, therefore: it will stick to your face.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Beauty is truth, truth beauty, that is all Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Because I do, Because I do not hope, Because I do not hope to survive Injustice from the Palace, death from the air, Because I do, only do, I continue...
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Beneath this stone lies Murphy, They buried him today, He lived the life of Riley, While Riley was away.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Between the idea And the reality Between the motion And the act Falls the Shadow
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Big M, Little M, many mumbling mice Are making midnight music in the moonlight, Mighty nice!
songs-poems	life	dark	general	0	Bit off more than my mind could chew, Shower or suicide, what do I do?
songs-poems	science	quip	general	0	But has any little atom, While a-sittin' and a-splittin', Ever stopped to think or CARE That E = m c**2 ?
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	But I was there and I saw what you did, I saw it with my own two eyes. So you can wipe off that grin; I know where you've been-- It's all been a pack of lies!
songs-poems	science	verse	general	0	But scientists, who ought to know Assure us that it must be so. Oh, let us never, never doubt What nobody is sure about.
songs-poems	arts	tv-quote	general	0	But soft you, the fair Ophelia: Ope not thy ponderous and marble jaws, But get thee to a nunnery -- go! -- Mark "The Bard" Twain
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	But, Mousie, thou art no thy lane, In proving foresight may be vain: The best laid schemes o' mice an' men Gang aft a-gley, An' lea'e us nought but grief and pain For promised joy.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	By the time you swear you're his, shivering and sighing and he vows his passion is infinite, undying
songs-poems	life	aphorism	general	0	By the yard, life is hard. By the inch, it's a cinch.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Calm down, it's only ones and zeroes, Calm down, it's only bits and bytes, Calm down, and speak to me in English, Please realize that I'm not one of your computerites.
songs-poems	science	verse	general	0	Cancel me not -- for what then shall remain? Abscissas, some mantissas, modules, modes, A root or two, a torus and a node: The inverse of my verse, a null domain.
songs-poems	nature	uplifting	general	0	Catch a wave and you're sitting on top of the world.
songs-poems	science	dark	general	0	Charlie was a chemist, But Charlie is no more. For what he thought was H2O, Was H2SO4.
songs-poems	family	observation	general	0	Children aren't happy without something to ignore, And that's what parents were created for.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	Chivalry, Schmivalry! Roger the thief has a method he uses for sneaky attacks: Folks who are reading are Characteristically Always Forgetting to Guard their own bac ...
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Come fill the cup and in the fire of spring Your winter garment of repentance fling. The bird of time has but a little way To flutter -- and the bird is on the wing.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Come live with me, and be my love, And we will some new pleasures prove Of golden sands, and crystal brooks, With silken lines, and silver hooks.
songs-poems	science	verse	general	0	Come, every frustum longs to be a cone, And every vector dreams of matrices. Hark to the gentle gradient of the breeze: It whispers of a more ergodic zone.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Come, let us hasten to a higher plane, Where dyads tread the fairy fields of Venn, Their indices bedecked from one to n, Commingled in an endless Markov chain!
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	Come, muse, let us sing of rats! -- From a poem by James Grainger, 1721-1767
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	Coming to Stores Near You: 101 Grammatically Correct Popular Tunes Featuring: (You Aren't Anything but a) Hound Dog It Doesn't Mean a Thing If It Hasn't Got That Swing I'm Not Misbehaving And A Whole Lot More...
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Confusion will be my epitaph as I walk a cracked and broken path If we make it we can all sit back and laugh but I fear that tomorrow we'll be crying.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Death comes on every passing breeze, He lurks in every flower; Each season has its own disease, Its peril -- every hour.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	Declared guilty... of displaying feelings of an almost human nature.
songs-poems	science	observation	general	0	Despising machines to a man, The Luddites joined up with the Klan, And ride out by night In a sheeting of white To lynch all the robots they can.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Didja' ever have to make up your mind, Pick up on one and leave the other behind, It's not often easy, and it's not often kind, Didja' ever have to make up your mind?
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	Disillusioned words like bullets bark, As human gods aim for their mark, Make everything from toy guns that spark To flesh-colored christs that glow in the dark. It's easy to see without looking too far That not much is really sacred.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	Do your otters do the shimmy? Do they like to shake their tails? Do your wombats sleep in tophats? Is your garden full of snails?
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Don't be concerned, it will not harm you, It's only me pursuing something I'm not sure of, Across my dreams, with nets of wonder, I chase the bright elusive butterfly of love.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Don't lose Your head To gain a minute You need your head Your brains are in it.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Don't wake me up too soon... Gonna take a ride across the moon... You and me.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Drink and dance and laugh and lie Love, the reeling midnight through For tomorrow we shall die! (But, alas, we never do.)
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Easy come and easy go, some call me easy money, Sometimes life is full of laughs, and sometimes it ain't funny You may think that I'm a fool and sometimes that is true, But I'm goin' to heaven in a flash of fire, with or without you.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Endless the world's turn, endless the sun's spinning Endless the quest; I turn again, back to my own beginning, And here, find rest.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Es brilig war. Die schlichte Toven Wirrten und wimmelten in Waben; Und aller-mumsige Burggoven Dir mohmen Rath ausgraben.
songs-poems	food	verse	general	0	Euch ist bekannt, was wir beduerfen; Wir wollen stark Getraenke schluerfen.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	Even a man who is pure at heart, And says his prayers at night Can become a wolf when the wolfbane blooms, And the moon is full and bright.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Every love's the love before In a duller dress.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Everywhere you go you'll see them searching, Everywhere you turn you'll feel the pain, Everyone is looking for the answer, Well look again.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	F: When into a room I plunge, I Sometimes find some VIOLET FUNGI. Then I linger, darkly brooding On the poison they're exuding.
songs-poems	family	verse	general	0	Families, when a child is born Want it to be intelligent. I, through intelligence, Having wrecked my whole life, Only hope the baby will prove Ignorant and stupid. Then he will crown a tranquil life By becoming a Cabinet Minister
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Fifteen men on a dead man's chest, Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum! Drink and the devil had done for the rest, Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Fifty flippant frogs Walked by on flippered feet And with their slime they made the time Unnaturally fleet.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	Finality is death. Perfection is finality. Nothing is perfect. There are lumps in it.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Flying saucers on occasion Show themselves to human eyes. Aliens fume, put off invasion While they brand these tales as lies.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	For gin, in cruel Sober truth, Supplies the fuel For flaming youth.
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	"Force is but might," the teacher said-- "That definition's just." The boy said naught but thought instead, Remembering his pounded head: "Force is not might but must!"
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	From too much love of living, From hope and fear set free, We thank with brief thanksgiving, Whatever gods may be, That no life lives forever, That dead men rise up never, That even the weariest river winds somewhere safe to sea.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	Get in touch with your feelings of hostility against the dying light.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Give me the avowed, the erect, the manly foe, Bold I can meet -- perhaps may turn his blow! But of all plagues, good Heaven, thy wrath can send, Save me, oh save me from the candid friend.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Give me your students, your secretaries, Your huddled writers yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your Selectric III's. Give these, the homeless, typist-tossed to me. I lift my disk beside the processor. -- Inscription on a Word Processor
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	Go placidly amid the noise and waste, and remember what value there may be in owning a piece thereof.
songs-poems	tech	wisdom	general	0	Graphics blind the eyes. Audio files deafen the ear. Mouse clicks numb the fingers. Heuristics weaken the mind. Options wither the heart. The Guru observes the net but trusts his inner vision. He allows things to come and go. His heart is as open as the ether.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	H: If a 'GOBLIN (HOB) waylays you, Slice him up before he slays you. Nothing makes you look a slob Like running from a HOB'LIN (GOB).
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Half a bee, philosophically, must ipso facto half not be. But half the bee has got to be, vis-a-vis its entity. See? But can a bee be said to be or not to be an entire bee, When half the bee is not a bee, due to some ancient injury?
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	Hanging on in quiet desperation is the English way.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Hark, the Herald Tribune sings, Advertising wondrous things. Angels we have heard on High Tell us to go out and Buy.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	Have you ever felt like a wounded cow halfway between an oven and a pasture? walking in a trance toward a pregnant seventeen-year-old housewife's two-day-old cookbook?
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Have you seen how Sonny's burning, Like some bright erotic star, He lights up the proceedings, And raises the temperature.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	He thought he saw an albatross That fluttered 'round the lamp. He looked again and saw it was A penny postage stamp. "You'd best be getting home," he said, "The nights are rather damp."
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	He who invents adages for others to peruse takes along rowboat when going on cruise.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	He who loses, wins the race, And parallel lines meet in space.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	He's been like a father to me, He's the only DJ you can get after three, I'm an all-night musician in a rock and roll band, And why he don't like me I don't understand.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Here I am again right where I know I shouldn't be I've been caught inside this trap too many times I must've walked these steps and said these words a thousand times before It seems like I know everybody's lines.
songs-poems	life	dark	general	0	HERE LIES LESTER MOORE SHOT 4 TIMES WITH A .44 NO LES NO MOORE -- tombstone, in Tombstone, AZ
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Hey dol! merry dol! ring a dong dillo! Ring a dong! hop along! fal lal the willow! Tom Bom, jolly Tom, Tom Bombadillo!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Hey! Come derry dol! Hop along, my hearties! Hobbits! Ponies all! We are fond of parties. Now let the fun begin! Let us sing together!
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	Hey! now! Come hoy now! Whither do you wander? Up, down, near or far, here, there or yonder? Sharp-ears, Wise-nose, Swish-tail and Bumpkin, White-socks my little lad, and old Fatty Lumpkin!
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Hey, diddle, diddle the overflow pdl To get a little more stack; If that's not enough then you lose it all And have to pop all the way back.
songs-poems	life	joke	general	0	Hickory Dickory Dock, The mice ran up the clock, The clock struck one, The others escaped with minor injuries.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Higgeldy Piggeldy, Hamlet of Elsinore Ruffled the critics by Dropping this bomb: "Phooey on Freud and his Psychoanalysis
songs-poems	faith	quip	general	0	...his disciples lead him in; he just does the rest.
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	History is curious stuff You'd think by now we had enough Yet the fact remains I fear They make more of it every year.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Ho! Ho! Ho! to the bottle I go To heal my heart and drown my woe. Rain may fall and wind may blow, And many miles be still to go, But under a tall tree I will lie, And let the clouds go sailing by.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Ho! Tom Bombadil, Tom Bombadillo! By water, wood and hill, by reed and willow, By fire, sun and moon, harken now and hear us! Come, Tom Bombadil, for our need is near us!
songs-poems	food	quip	general	0	How can you have any pudding if you don't eat your meat?
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	How doth the little crocodile Improve his shining tail, And pour the waters of the Nile On every golden scale! How cheerfully he seems to grin, How neatly spreads his claws, And welcomes little fishes in, With gently smiling jaws!
songs-poems	tech	quip	general	0	How doth the VAX's C-compiler Improve its object code. And even as we speak does it Increase the system load. How patiently it seems to run And spit out error flags, While users, with frustration, all Tear their clothes to rags.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Humpty Dumpty sat on the wall, Humpty Dumpty had a great fall! All the king's horses, And all the king's men, Had scrambled eggs for breakfast again!
songs-poems	tech	quip	general	0	I B M U B M We all B M For I B M!!!!
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	I can live without Someone I love But not without Someone I need. -- "Safety"
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	I can't complain, but sometimes I still do.
songs-poems	life	pun	general	0	I don't know what Descartes' got, But booze can do what Kant cannot.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I don't wanna argue, and I don't wanna fight, But there will definitely be a party tonight...
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I don't want a pickle, I just wanna ride on my motorsickle. And I don't want to die, I just want to ride on my motorcy. Cle.
songs-poems	food	verse	general	0	I have learned To spell hors d'oeuvres Which still grates on Some people's n'oeuvres.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I have lots of things in my pockets; None of them is worth anything. Sociopolitical whines aside, Gan you give me, gratis, free, The price of half a gallon Of Gallo extra bad And most of the bus fare home.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	I have no doubt the Devil grins, As seas of ink I spatter. Ye gods, forgive my "literary" sins-- The other kind don't matter.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	I have that old biological urge, I have that old irresistible surge, I'm hungry.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I lately lost a preposition; It hid, I thought, beneath my chair And angrily I cried, "Perdition! Up from out of under there." Correctness is my vade mecum, And straggling phrases I abhor, And yet I wondered, "What should he come Up from out of under for?"
songs-poems	arts	aphorism	general	0	I must Create a System, or be enslav'd by another Man's; I will not Reason and Compare; my business is to Create.
songs-poems	work-money	quip	general	0	I owe, I owe, It's off to work I go...
songs-poems	tech	quip	general	0	I really hate this damned machine I wish that they would sell it. It never does quite what I want But only what I tell it.
songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	"I said, "Preacher, give me strength for round 5." He said,"What you need is to grow up, son." I said,"Growin' up leads to growin' old, And then to dying, and to me that don't sound like much fun."
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I saw a man pursuing the Horizon, 'Round and round they sped. I was disturbed at this, I accosted the man, "It is futile," I said. "You can never--" "You lie!" He cried, and ran on.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	I see a bad moon rising. I see trouble on the way. I see earthquakes and lightnin' I see bad times today. Don't go 'round tonight, It's bound to take your life. There's a bad moon on the rise.
songs-poems	science	verse	general	0	I see the eigenvalue in thine eye, I hear the tender tensor in thy sigh. Bernoulli would have been content to die Had he but known such a-squared cos 2(phi)!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I stood on the leading edge, The eastern seaboard at my feet. "Jump!" said Yoko Ono I'm too scared and good-looking, I cried. Go on and give it a try, Why prolong the agony, all men must die.
songs-poems	food	verse	general	0	I think that I shall never hear A poem lovelier than beer. The stuff that Joe's Bar has on tap, With golden base and snowy cap. The stuff that I can drink all day Until my mem'ry melts away. Poems are made by fools, I fear But only Schlitz can make a beer.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	I think that I shall never see A billboard lovely as a tree. Indeed, unless the billboards fall I'll never see a tree at all.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I was born in a barrel of butcher knives Trouble I love and peace I despise Wild horses kicked me in my side Then a rattlesnake bit me and he walked off and died.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I was eatin' some chop suey, With a lady in St. Louie, When there sudden comes a knockin' at the door. And that knocker, he says, "Honey, Roll this rocker out some money, Or your daddy shoots a baddie to the floor."
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I went home with a waitress, The way I always do. How I was I to know? She was with the Russians too. I was gambling in Havana, I took a little risk. Send lawyers, guns, and money, Dad, get me out of this.
songs-poems	life	observation	general	0	I went over to my friend, he was eatin' a pickle. I said "Hi, what's happenin'?" He said "Nothin'." Try to sing this song with that kind of enthusiasm; As if you just squashed a cop.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I will not play at tug o' war. I'd rather play at hug o' war, Where everyone hugs Instead of tugs, Where everyone giggles And rolls on the rug, Where everyone kisses, And everyone grins, And everyone cuddles, And everyone wins.
songs-poems	life	tv-quote	general	0	I woke up a feelin' mean went down to play the slot machine the wheels turned round, and the letters read "Better head back to Tennessee Jed"
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I would like to know What I was fencing in And what I was fencing out.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I'd never cry if I did find A blue whale in my soup... Nor would I mind a porcupine Inside a chicken coop. Yes life is fine when things combine, Like ham in beef chow mein... But lord, this time I think I mind, They've put acid in my rain.
songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	I'd rather laugh with the sinners, Than cry with the saints, The sinners are much more fun!
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	I'll see you... on the dark side of the moon...
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	I'm free -- and freedom tastes of reality.
songs-poems	work-money	verse	general	0	I'm just as sad as sad can be! I've missed your special date. Please say that you're not mad at me My tax return is late.
songs-poems	work-money	quip	general	0	i'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart. -- e. e. cummings
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	I'm very good at integral and differential calculus, I know the scientific names of beings animalculous; In short, in matters vegetable, animal, and mineral, I am the very model of a modern Major-General.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	I've been on this lonely road so long, Does anybody know where it goes, I remember last time the signs pointed home, A month ago.
songs-poems	love	joke	general	0	I've finally found the perfect girl, I couldn't ask for more, She's deaf and dumb and over-sexed, And owns a liquor store.
songs-poems	tech	quip	general	0	I/O, I/O, It's off to disk I go, A bit or byte to read or write, I/O, I/O, I/O...
songs-poems	science	quip	general	0	I am not very happy acting pleased whenever prominent scientists overmagnify intellectual enlightenment
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	IBM had a PL/I, Its syntax worse than JOSS; And everywhere this language went, It was a total loss.
songs-poems	society	wisdom	general	0	If a nation expects to be ignorant and free, ... it expects what never was and never will be.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	If all be true that I do think, There be five reasons why one should drink; Good friends, good wine, or being dry, Or lest we should be by-and-by, Or any other reason why.
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	If all the seas were ink, And all the reeds were pens, And all the skies were parchment, And all the men could write, These would not suffice To write down all the red tape Of this Government.
songs-poems	love	quip	general	0	If I promised you the moon and the stars, would you believe it?
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	If I traveled to the end of the rainbow As Dame Fortune did intend, Murphy would be there to tell me The pot's at the other end.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	If she had not been cupric in her ions, Her shape ovoidal, Their romance might have flourished. But he built tetrahedral in his shape, His ions ferric, Love could not help but die, Uncatylised, inert, and undernourished.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	If you had just a minute to breathe, And they granted you one final wish, Would you ask for something Like another chance?
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	If you stick a stock of liquor in your locker, It is slick to stick a lock upon your stock. Or some joker who is slicker, Will trick you of your liquor, If you fail to lock your liquor with a lock.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	If you're worried by earthquakes and nuclear war, As well as by traffic and crime, Consider how worry-free gophers are, Though living on burrowed time.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	In /users3 did Kubla Khan A stately pleasure dome decree, Where /bin, the sacred river ran Through Test Suites measureless to Man Down to a sunless C.
songs-poems	life	uplifting	general	0	In every job that must be done, there is an element of fun. Find the fun and snap! The job's a game. And every task you undertake, becomes a piece of cake, a lark, a spree; it's very clear to see.
songs-poems	science	verse	general	0	In Riemann, Hilbert or in Banach space Let superscripts and subscripts go their ways. Our asymptotes no longer out of phase, We shall encounter, counting, face to face.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	In the dimestores and bus stations People talk of situations Read books repeat quotations Draw conclusions on the wall.
songs-poems	arts	quip	general	0	In the land of the dark the Ship of the Sun is driven by the Grateful Dead.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	In this vale Of toil and sin Your head grows bald But not your chin.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	In Xanadu did Kubla Khan a stately pleasure dome decree But only if the NFL to a franchise would agree.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Into love and out again, Thus I went and thus I go. Spare your voice, and hold your pen: Well and bitterly I know All the songs were ever sung, All the words were ever said; Could it be, when I was young, Someone dropped me on my head?
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	It cannot be seen, cannot be felt, Cannot be heard, cannot be smelt. It lies behind stars and under hills, And empty holes it fills. It comes first and follows after, Ends life, kills laughter.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	It used to be the fun was in The capture and kill. In another place and time I did it all for thrills. -- Lust to Love
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	It was one time too many One word too few It was all too much for me and you There was one way to go Nothing more we could do One time too many One word too few
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	It's faster horses, Younger women, Older whiskey and More money.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	It's just a jump to the left And then a step to the right. Put your hands on your hips And pull your knees in tight. It's the pelvic thrust That really gets you insa-a-a-a-ane LET'S DO THE TIME WARP AGAIN!
songs-poems	life	aphorism	general	0	It's just apartment house rules, So all you 'partment house fools Remember: one man's ceiling is another man's floor. One man's ceiling is another man's floor.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	It's Like This Even the samurai have teddy bears, and even the teddy bears get drunk.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	It's not against any religion to want to dispose of a pigeon.
songs-poems	arts	observation	general	0	John Dame May Oscar Was Gay Was Whitty Was Wilde But Gerard Hopkins But John Greenleaf But Thornton Was Manley Was Whittier Was Wilder
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Just machines to make big decisions, Programmed by men for compassion and vision, We'll be clean when their work is done, We'll be eternally free, yes, eternally young, What a beautiful world this will be, What a glorious time to be free.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	K: Cobalt's metal, hard and shining; Cobol's wordy and confining; KOBOLDS topple when you strike them; Don't feel bad, it's hard to like them.
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	Keep ancient lands, your storied pomp! cries she With silent lips. Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me...
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Lady, lady, should you meet One whose ways are all discreet, One who murmurs that his wife Is the lodestar of his life, One who keeps assuring you That he never was untrue, Never loved another one... Lady, lady, better run!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Ladybug, ladybug, Look to your stern! Your house is on fire, Your children will burn! So jump ye and sing, for The very first time The four lines above Have been put into rhyme.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Last night I met upon the stair A little man who wasn't there. He wasn't there again today. Gee how I wish he'd go away!
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Latin is a language, As dead as can be. First it killed the Romans, And now it's killing me.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Let us go then you and I while the night is laid out against the sky like a smear of mustard on an old pork pie. "Nice poem Tom. I have ideas for changes though, why not come over?"
songs-poems	life	wisdom	general	0	Let us treat men and women well; Treat them as if they were real; Perhaps they are.
songs-poems	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is like a tin of sardines. We're, all of us, looking for the key.
songs-poems	life	aphorism	general	0	Life is what happens to you while you're busy making other plans.
songs-poems	life	uplifting	general	0	Lighten up, while you still can, Don't even try to understand, Just find a place to make your stand, And take it easy.
songs-poems	science	quip	general	0	"Lines that are parallel meet at Infinity!" Euclid repeatedly, heatedly, urged. Until he died, and so reached that vicinity: in it he found that the damned things diverged.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine, Lisp Machine is Fun. Lisp, Lisp, Lisp Machine, Fun for everyone.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Lizzie Borden took an axe, And plunged it deep into the VAX; Don't you envy people who Do all the things YOU want to do?
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Logicians have but ill defined As rational the human kind. Logic, they say, belongs to man, But let them prove it if they can.
songs-poems	love	wisdom	general	0	Love in your heart wasn't put there to stay. Love isn't love 'til you give it away.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Mummy dust to make me old; To shroud my clothes, the black of night; To age my voice, an old hag's cackle; To whiten my hair, a scream of fright; A blast of wind to fan my hate; A thunderbolt to mix it well -- Now begin thy magic spell!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	My Bonnie looked into a gas tank, The height of its contents to see! She lit a small match to assist her, Oh, bring back my Bonnie to me.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	My darling wife was always glum. I drowned her in a cask of rum, And so made sure that she would stay In better spirits night and day.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	My pen is at the bottom of a page, Which, being finished, here the story ends; 'Tis to be wished it had been sooner done, But stories somehow lengthen when begun.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	My soul is crushed, my spirit sore I do not like me anymore, I cavil, quarrel, grumble, grouse, I ponder on the narrow house I shudder at the thought of men I'm due to fall in love again.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Neuroses are red, Melancholia's blue. I'm schizophrenic, What are you?
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	New York's got the ways and means; Just won't let you be.
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	New York-- to that tall skyline I come Flyin' in from London to your door New York-- lookin' down on Central Park Where they say you should not wander after dark. New York.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Next, upon a stool, we've a sight to make you drool. Seven virgins and a mule, keep it cool, keep it cool.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Nine megs for the secretaries fair, Seven megs for the hackers scarce, Five megs for the grads in smoky lairs, Three megs for system source; One disk to rule them all, One disk to bind them, One disk to hold the files And in the darkness grind 'em.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Nine-track tapes and seven-track tapes And tapes without any tracks; Stretchy tapes and snarley tapes And tapes mixed up on the racks -- Take hold of the tape And pull off the strip, And then you'll be sure Your tape drive will skip.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	No rock so hard but that a little wave May beat admission in a thousand years.
songs-poems	arts	pun	general	0	No sooner had Edger Allen Poe Finished his old Raven, then he started his Old Crow.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	No, his mind is not for rent To any god or government. Always hopeful, yet discontent, He knows changes aren't permanent - But change is.
songs-poems	love	aphorism	general	0	Now hatred is by far the longest pleasure; Men love in haste, but they detest at leisure.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Now I lay me back to sleep. The speaker's dull; the subject's deep. If he should stop before I wake, Give me a nudge for goodness' sake.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Now I lay me down to sleep I pray the double lock will keep; May no brick through the window break, And, no one rob me till I awake.
songs-poems	faith	dark	general	0	Now I lay me down to sleep, I pray the Lord my soul to keep, If I should die before I wake, I'll cry in anguish, "Mistake!! Mistake!!"
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Now I lay me down to study, I pray the Lord I won't go nutty. And if I fail to learn this junk, I pray the Lord that I won't flunk. But if I do, don't pity me at all, Just lay my bones in the study hall. Tell my teacher I've done my best, Then pile my books upon my chest.
songs-poems	life	tv-quote	general	0	Now it's time to say goodbye To all our company... M-I-C (see you next week!) K-E-Y (Why? Because we LIKE you!) M-O-U-S-E.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Now what would they do if I just sailed away? Who the hell really compelled me to leave today? Runnin' low on stories of what made it a ball, What would they do if I made no landfall?"
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	O give me a home, Where the buffalo roam, Where the deer and the antelope play, Where seldom is heard A discouraging word, 'Cause what can an antelope say?
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	O love, could thou and I with fate conspire To grasp this sorry scheme of things entire, Might we not smash it to bits And mould it closer to our hearts' desire?
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	O slender as a willow-wand! O clearer than clear water! O reed by the living pool! Fair river-daughter! O spring-time and summer-time, and spring again after! O wind on the waterfall, and the leaves' laughter!
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	O! Wanderers in the shadowed land despair not! For though dark they stand, all woods there be must end at last, and see the open sun go past: the setting sun, the rising sun, the day's end, or the day begun. For east or west all woods must fail ...
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	Observe yon plumed biped fine. To activate its captivation, Deposit on its termination, A quantity of particles saline.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Of all the words of witch's doom There's none so bad as which and whom. The man who kills both which and whom Will be enshrined in our Who's Whom.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Oh don't the days seem lank and long When all goes right and none goes wrong, And isn't your life extremely flat With nothing whatever to grumble at!
songs-poems	tech	wisdom	general	0	Oh Lord, won't you buy me a 4BSD? My friends all got sources, so why can't I see? Come all you moby hackers, come sing it out with me: To hell with the lawyers from AT&T!
songs-poems	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Oh, by the way, which one's Pink?
songs-poems	nature	quip	general	0	Oh, give me a home, Where the buffalo roam, And I'll show you a house with a really messy kitchen.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay I muck with indices and structs all day And when it works, I shout hoo-ray Oh, I am a C programmer and I'm okay
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Oh, life is a glorious cycle of song, A medley of extemporanea; And love is thing that can never go wrong; And I am Marie of Roumania.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	Oh, the Slithery Dee, he crawled out of the sea. He may catch all the others, but he won't catch me. No, he won't catch me, stupid ol' Slithery Dee. He may catch all the others, but AAAARRRRGGGGHHHH!!!!
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Oh, when I was in love with you, Then I was clean and brave, And miles around the wonder grew How well did I behave. And now the fancy passes by, And nothing will remain, And miles around they'll say that I Am quite myself again.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Oh, yeah, life goes on, long after the thrill of livin' is gone.
songs-poems	life	joke	general	0	Old Mother Hubbard lived in a shoe, She had so many children, She didn't know what to do. So she moved to Atlanta.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Old Mother Hubbard went to the cupboard To fetch her poor daughter a dress. When she got there, the cupboard was bare And so was her daughter, I guess...
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Old Tom Bombadil is a merry fellow, Bright blue his jacket is, and his boots are yellow. None has ever caught him yet, for Tom, he is the master: His songs are stronger songs, and his feet are faster.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Once upon this midnight incoherent, While you pondered sentient and crystalline, Over many a broken and subordinate Volume of gnarly lore, While I pestered, nearly singing, Sudddenly there came a hewing, As of someone profusely skulking, Skulking at my chamber door.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	One good thing about music, Well, it helps you feel no pain. So hit me with music; Hit me with music now.
songs-poems	society	quip	general	0	One reason why George Washington Is held in such veneration: He never blamed his problems On the former Administration.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	One thing about the past. It's likely to last.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	One toke over the line, sweet Mary, One toke over the line, Sittin' downtown in a railway station, One toke over the line. Waitin' for the train that goes home, Hopin' that the train is on time, Sittin' downtown in a railway station, One toke over the line.
songs-poems	love	quip	general	0	Other women cloy The appetites they feed, but she makes hungry Where most she satisfies.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Our little systems have their day; They have their day and cease to be; They are but broken lights of thee.
songs-poems	food	quip	general	0	Parsley is gharsley.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Payeen to a Twang Derrida Ore-Ida potato. If you dared, I'd ask you to go dig up your ides under brown- tubered skies. where pitchforked you will ask Derrida?
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Piping down the valleys wild, Piping songs of pleasant glee, On a cloud I saw a child, And he laughing said to me: "Pipe a song about a Lamb!" So I piped with merry cheer. "Piper, pipe that song again;" So I piped: he wept to hear.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Plagiarize, plagiarize, Let no man's work evade your eyes, Remember why the good Lord made your eyes, Don't shade your eyes, But plagiarize, plagiarize, plagiarize. Only be sure to call it research.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Planet Claire has pink hair. All the trees are red. No one ever dies there. No one has a head....
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	Please stand for the National Anthem: God save our Gracious Queen! Long live our Noble Queen! God save the Queen! Send her victorious, Happy and glorious, Long to reign o'er us! God save the Queen! Thank you. You may resume your seat.
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	Power, like a desolating pestilence, Pollutes whate'er it touches...
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Probable-Possible, my black hen, She lays eggs in the Relative When. She doesn't lay eggs in the Positive Now Because she's unable to postulate How.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	rain falls where clouds come sun shines where clouds go clouds just come and go
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Razors pain you; Rivers are damp. Acids stain you, And drugs cause cramp. Guns aren't lawful; Nooses give. Gas smells awful-- You might as well live!
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Reclaimer, spare that tree! Take not a single bit! It used to point to me, Now I'm protecting it. It was the reader's CONS That made it, paired by dot; Now, GC, for the nonce, Thou shalt reclaim it not.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	Remember that whatever misfortune may be your lot, it could only be worse in Cleveland.
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	Remove me from this land of slaves, Where all are fools, and all are knaves, Where every knave and fool is bought, Yet kindly sells himself for nought
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Romeo was restless, he was ready to kill, He jumped out the window 'cause he couldn't sit still, Juliet was waiting with a safety net, Said "don't bury me 'cause I ain't dead yet".
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Roses are red; Violets are blue. I'm schizophrenic, And so am I.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Saturday night in Toledo Ohio, Is like being nowhere at all, All through the day how the hours rush by, You sit in the park and you watch the grass die.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Say it with flowers, Or say it with mink, But whatever you do, Don't say it with ink!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Say many of cameras focused t'us, Our middle-aged shots do us justice. No justice, please, curse ye! We really want mercy: You see, 'tis the justice, disgusts us.
songs-poems	science	verse	general	0	Scintillate, scintillate, globule vivific, Fain how I pause at your nature specific, Loftily poised in the ether capacious, Highly resembling a gem carbonaceous. Scintillate, scintillate, globule vivific, Fain how I pause at your nature specific.
songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	Seduced, shaggy Samson snored. She scissored short. Sorely shorn, Soon shackled slave, Samson sighed, Silently scheming, Sightlessly seeking Some savage, spectacular suicide.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Seek for the Sword that was broken: In Imladris it dwells; There shall be counsels taken Stronger than Morgul-spells. There shall be shown a token That Doom is near at hand, For Isildur's Bane shall waken, And the Halfling forth shall stand.
songs-poems	love	quip	general	0	She asked me, "What's your sign?" I blinked and answered "Neon," I thought I'd blow her mind...
songs-poems	science	quip	general	0	She blinded me with science!
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	She can kill all your files; She can freeze with a frown. And a wave of her hand brings the whole system down. And she works on her code until ten after three. She lives like a bat but she's always a hacker to me. -- Apologies to Billy Joel
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	SHIFT TO THE LEFT! SHIFT TO THE RIGHT! POP UP, PUSH DOWN, BYTE, BYTE, BYTE!
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Shift to the left, Shift to the right, Mask in, mask out, BYTE, BYTE, BYTE !!!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Since I hurt my pendulum My life is all erratic. My parrot who was cordial Is now transmitting static. The carpet died, a palm collapsed, The cat keeps doing poo. The only thing that keeps me sane Is talking to my shoe.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	So much depends upon a red wheel barrow glazed with rain water beside the white chickens.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	So, you better watch out! You better not cry! You better not pout! I'm telling you why, Santa Claus is coming, to town. He knows when you've been sleeping, He know when you're awake. He knows if you've been bad or good, He has ties with the CIA. So...
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	Soldiers who wish to be a hero Are practically zero, But those who wish to be civilians, They run into the millions.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Some of them want to use you, Some of them want to be used by you, ...Everybody's looking for something.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	Some primal termite knocked on wood. And tasted it, and found it good. And that is why your Cousin May Fell through the parlor floor today.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Some say the world will end in fire, Some say in ice. From what I've tasted of desire I hold with those who favor fire. But if it had to perish twice, I think I know enough of hate To say that for destruction, ice Is also great And would suffice.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Sometimes I feel like I'm fading away, Looking at me, I got nothin' to say. Don't make me angry with the things games that you play, Either light up or leave me alone.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Sometimes I live in the country, And sometimes I live in town. And sometimes I have a great notion, To jump in the river and drown.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Sometimes the light's all shining on me, Other times I can barely see. Lately it occurs to me What a long strange trip it's been.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Speak roughly to your little VAX, And boot it when it crashes; It knows that one cannot relax Because the paging thrashes! Wow! Wow! Wow! I speak severely to my VAX, And boot it when it crashes; In spite of all my favorite hacks My jobs it always thrashes! Wow! Wow! Wow!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Spring is here, spring is here, Life is skittles and life is beer.
songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	St. Patrick was a gentleman who through strategy and stealth drove all the snakes from Ireland. Here's a toasting to his health -- but not too many toastings lest you lose yourself and then forget the good St. Patrick and see all those snakes again.
songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	Step back, unbelievers! Or the rain will never come. Somebody keep the fire burning, someone come and beat the drum. You may think I'm crazy, you may think that I'm insane, But I swear to you, before this day is out, you folks are gonna see some rain!
songs-poems	faith	wisdom	general	0	Suffering alone exists, none who suffer; The deed there is, but no doer thereof; Nirvana is, but no one is seeking it; The Path there is, but none who travel it. -- "Buddhist Symbolism", Symbols and Values
songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	Sun in the night, everyone is together, Ascending into the heavens, life is forever.
songs-poems	tech	quip	general	0	/\ SUN of them wants to use you, \\ \ / \ \\ / SUN of them wants to be used by you, / / \/ / //\ \//\ \// / SUN of them wants to abuse you, / / /\ / / \\ \ SUN of them wants to be abused ... \ \\ \/
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Sweet sixteen is beautiful Bess, And her voice is changing -- from "No" to "Yes".
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	System/3! System/3! See how it runs! See how it runs! Its monitor loses so totally! It runs all its programs in RPG! It's made by our favorite monopoly! System/3!
songs-poems	life	tv-quote	general	0	T: One big monster, he called TROLL. He don't rock, and he don't roll; Drink no wine, and smoke no stogies. He just Love To Eat Them Roguies.
songs-poems	nature	quip	general	0	Take heart amid the deepening gloom that your dog is finally getting enough cheese.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Tan me hide when I'm dead, Fred, Tan me hide when I'm dead. So we tanned his hide when he died, Clyde, It's hanging there on the shed. All together now... Tie me kangaroo down, sport, Tie me kangaroo down. Tie me kangaroo down, sport, Tie me kangaroo down.
songs-poems	science	verse	general	0	Tell me why the stars do shine, Tell me why the ivy twines, Tell me why the sky's so blue, And I will tell you just why I love you. Nuclear fusion makes stars to shine, Phototropism makes ivy twine, Rayleigh scattering makes sky so blue, Sexual hormones are why I love you.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	Tell me, O Octopus, I begs, Is those things arms, or is they legs? I marvel at thee, Octopus; If I were thou, I'd call me us.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	That feeling just came over me.
songs-poems	work-money	quip	general	0	That money talks, I'll not deny, I heard it once, It said "Good-bye.
songs-poems	work-money	verse	general	0	The Advertising Agency Song When your client's hopping mad, Put his picture in the ad. If he still should prove refractory, Add a picture of his factory.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	The all-softening overpowering knell, The tocsin of the soul, -- the dinner bell.
songs-poems	work-money	quip	general	0	The bank called to tell me that I'm overdrawn, Some freaks are burning crosses out on my front lawn, And I *can't*believe* it, all the Cheetos are gone, It's just ONE OF THOSE DAYS!
songs-poems	work-money	verse	general	0	The bank sent our statement this morning, The red ink was a sight of great awe! Their figures and mine might have balanced, But my wife was too quick on the draw.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	The Bird of Time has but a little way to fly ... and the bird is on the wing.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	The boy stood on the burning deck, Eating peanuts by the peck. His father called him, but he could not go, For he loved those peanuts so.
songs-poems	nature	quip	general	0	The camel has a single hump; The dromedary two; Or else the other way around. I'm never sure. Are you?
songs-poems	science	verse	general	0	The carbonyl is polarized, The delta end is plus. The nucleophile will thus attack, The carbon nucleus. Addition makes an alcohol, Of types there are but three. It makes a bond, to correspond, From C to shining C.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	The common cormorant, or shag, Lays eggs inside a paper bag; The reason, you will see, no doubt, Is to keep the lightning out. But what these unobservant birds Have failed to notice is that herds Of bears may come with buns And steal the bags to hold the crumbs.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	The difference between us is not very far, cruising for burgers in daddy's new car.
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	The eyes of Texas are upon you, All the livelong day; The eyes of Texas are upon you, You cannot get away; Do not think you can escape them From night 'til early in the morn; The eyes of Texas are upon you 'Til Gabriel blows his horn. -- University of Texas' school song
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	The glances over cocktails That seemed to be so sweet Don't seem quite so amorous Over Shredded Wheat
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	The good (I am convinced, for one) Is but the bad one leaves undone. Once your reputation's done You can live a life of fun.
songs-poems	life	pun	general	0	The good life was so elusive It really got me down I had to regain some confidence So I got into camouflage
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	The grave's a fine and private place, but none, I think, do there embrace.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	The hope that springs eternal Springs right up your behind.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	The little town that time forgot, Where all the women are strong, The men are good-looking, And the children above-average.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	The makers may make and the users may use, but the fixers must fix with but minimal clues
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	The man she had was kind and clean And well enough for every day, But oh, dear friends, you should have seen The one that got away.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ, Moves on: nor all thy Piety nor Wit Shall lure it back to cancel half a Line, Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	The net of law is spread so wide, No sinner from its sweep may hide. Its meshes are so fine and strong, They take in every child of wrong. O wondrous web of mystery! Big fish alone escape from thee!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	The night passes quickly when you're asleep But I'm out shufflin' for something to eat ... Breakfast at the Egg House, Like the waffle on the griddle, I'm burnt around the edges, But I'm tender in the middle.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	The one L lama, he's a priest The two L llama, he's a beast And I will bet my silk pyjama There isn't any three L lllama.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	The Pig, if I am not mistaken, Gives us ham and pork and Bacon. Let others think his heart is big, I think it stupid of the Pig.
songs-poems	family	verse	general	0	The Preacher, the Politician, the Teacher, Were each of them once a kiddie. A child, indeed, is a wonderful creature. Do I want one? God Forbiddie!
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	The Rabbits The Cow Here is a verse about rabbits The cow is of the bovine ilk; That doesn't mention their habits. One end is moo, the other, milk.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	The rain it raineth on the just And also on the unjust fella, But chiefly on the just, because The unjust steals the just's umbrella.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	The rhino is a homely beast, For human eyes he's not a feast. Farewell, farewell, you old rhinoceros, I'll stare at something less prepoceros.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	The Road goes ever on and on Down from the door where it began. Now far ahead the Road has gone, And I must follow, if I can, Pursuing it with eager feet, Until it joins some larger way Where many paths and errands meet. And whither then? I cannot say.
songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	The street preacher looked so baffled When I asked him why he dressed With forty pounds of headlines Stapled to his chest. But he cursed me when I proved to him I said, "Not even you can hide. You see, you're just like me. I hope you're satisfied."
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	The sun was shining on the sea, Shining with all his might: He did his very best to make The billows smooth and bright -- And this was very odd, because it was The middle of the night.
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	The Thought Police are here. They've come To put you under cardiac arrest. And as they drag you through the door They tell you that you've failed the test.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	The thrill is here, but it won't last long You'd better have your fun before it moves along...
songs-poems	nature	quip	general	0	The trouble with a kitten is that When it grows up, it's always a cat
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	The trouble with you Is the trouble with me. Got two good eyes But we still don't see.
songs-poems	life	wisdom	general	0	The truth you speak has no past and no future. It is, and that's all it needs to be.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	The turtle lives 'twixt plated decks Which practically conceal its sex. I think it clever of the turtle In such a fix to be so fertile.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	The weather is here, I wish you were beautiful. My thoughts aren't too clear, but don't run away. My girlfriend's a bore; my job is too dutiful. Hell nobody's perfect, would you like to play? I feel together today!
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	The wind doth taste so bitter sweet, Like Jaspar wine and sugar, It must have blown through someone's feet, Like those of Caspar Weinberger.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	The wombat lives across the seas, Among the far Antipodes. He may exist on nuts and berries, Or then again, on missionaries; His distant habitat precludes Conclusive knowledge of his moods. But I would not engage the wombat In any form of mortal combat. -- "The Wombat"
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	Then here's to the City of Boston, The town of the cries and the groans. Where the Cabots can't see the Kabotschniks, And the Lowells won't speak to the Cohns.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	There are bad times just around the corner, There are dark clouds hurtling through the sky And it's no good whining About a silver lining For we know from experience that they won't roll by...
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	There is in certain living souls A quality of loneliness unspeakable, So great it must be shared As company is shared by lesser beings. Such a loneliness is mine; so know by this That in immensity There is one lonelier than you.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	There is no point in waiting. The train stopped running years ago. All the schedules, the brochures, The bright-colored posters full of lies, Promise rides to a distant country That no longer exists.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	There is something in the pang of change More than the heart can bear, Unhappiness remembering happiness.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	There was a little girl Who had a little curl Right in the middle of her forehead. When she was good, she was very, very good And when she was bad, she was very, very popular.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	They went rushing down that freeway, Messed around and got lost. They didn't care... they were just dying to get off, And it was life in the fast lane.
songs-poems	work-money	verse	general	0	They wouldn't listen to the fact that I was a genius, The man said "We got all that we can use", So I've got those steadily-depressin', low-down, mind-messin', Working-at-the-car-wash blues.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	"Thirty days hath Septober, April, June, and no wonder. all the rest have peanut butter except my father who wears red suspenders."
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Thirty white horses on a red hill, First they champ, Then they stamp, Then they stand still.
songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	This ae nighte, this ae nighte, Everye nighte and alle, Fire and sleet and candlelyte, And Christe receive thy saule.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	This here's the wattle, The emblem of our land. You can stick it in a bottle; You can hold it in your hand. Amen!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	This is for all ill-treated fellows Unborn and unbegot, For them to read when they're in trouble And I am not.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	This is the story of the bee Whose sex is very hard to see You cannot tell the he from the she But she can tell, and so can he The little bee is never still She has no time to take the pill And that is why, in times like these There are so many sons of bees.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	This is the way the world ends, This is the way the world ends, This is the way the world ends, Not with a bang but with a whimper.
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	This land is my land, and only my land, I've got a shotgun, and you ain't got one, If you don't get off, I'll blow your head off, This land is private property. -- Apologies to Woody Guthrie
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	This thing all things devours: Birds, beasts, trees, flowers; Gnaws iron, bites steel; Grinds hard stones to meal; Slays king, ruins town, And beats high mountain down.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Tiger got to hunt, Bird got to fly; Man got to sit and wonder, "Why, why, why?" Tiger got to sleep, Bird got to land; Man got to tell himself he understand.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Tim and I a hunting went We found three damsels in a tent, As they were three, and we were two, I bucked one and Timbuktu. -- the only known poem using the word "Timbuktu"
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Time washes clean Love's wounds unseen. That's what someone told me; But I don't know what it means.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	To A Quick Young Fox Why jog exquisite bulk, fond crazy vamp, Daft buxom jonquil, zephyr's gawky vice? Guy fed by work, quiz Jove's xanthic lamp-- Zow! Qualms by deja vu gyp fox-kin thrice.
songs-poems	life	wisdom	general	0	to be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best night and day to make you like everybody else means to fight the hardest battle any human being can fight and never stop fighting. -- e.e. cummings
songs-poems	society	verse	general	0	To stand and be still, At the Birkenhead drill, Is a damned tough bullet to chew.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	To whom the mornings are like nights, What must the midnights be!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Tobacco is a filthy weed, That from the devil does proceed; It drains your purse, it burns your clothes, And makes a chimney of your nose.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	Too cool to calypso, Too tough to tango, Too weird to watusi
songs-poems	life	wisdom	general	0	Try not. Do. Or do not. There is no try.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Twas FORTRAN as the doloop goes Did logzerneg the ifthen block All kludgy were the function flows And subroutines adhoc. Beware the runtime-bug my friend squrooneg, the false goto Beware the infiniteloop And shun the inprectoo. -- "OUTCONERR," to the scheme of "Jabberwocky"
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	'Twas midnight, and the UNIX hacks Did gyre and gimble in their cave All mimsy was the CS-VAX And Cory raths outgrabe. "Beware the software rot, my son! The faults that bite, the jobs that thrash! Beware the broken pipe, and shun The frumious system crash!"
songs-poems	life	wisdom	general	0	Twenty two thousand days. Twenty two thousand days. It's not a lot. It's all you've got. Twenty two thousand days.
songs-poems	life	dark	general	0	Two men looked out from the prison bars, One saw mud-- The other saw stars. Now let me get this right: two prisoners are looking out the window. While one of them was looking at all the mud -- the other one got hit in the head.
songs-poems	life	tv-quote	general	0	U: There's a U -- a Unicorn! Run right up and rub its horn. Look at all those points you're losing! UMBER HULKS are so confusing.
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Under the wide and heavy VAX Dig my grave and let me relax Long have I lived, and many my hacks And I lay me down with a will. These be the words that tell the way: "Here he lies who piped 64K, Brought down the machine for nearly a day, And Rogue playing to an awful standstill."
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	Up against the net, redneck mother, Mother who has raised your son so well; He's seventeen and hackin' on a Macintosh, Flaming spelling errors and raisin' hell...
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Voiceless it cries, Wingless flutters, Toothless bites, Mouthless mutters.
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	Volcanoes have a grandeur that is grim And earthquakes only terrify the dolts, And to him who's scientific There is nothing that's terrific In the pattern of a flight of thunderbolts!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Wad some power the giftie gie us To see oursels as others see us.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	Wake now my merry lads! Wake and hear me calling! Warm now be heart and limb! The cold stone is fallen; Dark door is standing wide; dead hand is broken. Night under Night is flown, and the Gate is open!
songs-poems	arts	quip	general	0	We don't need no education, we don't need no thought control.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	We gotta get out of this place, If it's the last thing we ever do.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	we will invent new lullabies, new songs, new acts of love, we will cry over things we used to laugh & our new wisdom will bring tears to eyes of gentle creatures from other planets who were afraid of us till then & in the end a summer with wild winds & new friends will be.
songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	We wish you a Hare Krishna We wish you a Hare Krishna We wish you a Hare Krishna And a Sun Myung Moon!
songs-poems	food	verse	general	0	We're happy little Vegemites, As bright as bright can be. We all all enjoy our Vegemite For breakfast, lunch and tea.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Well, some take delight in the carriages a-rolling, And some take delight in the hurling and the bowling, But I take delight in the juice of the barley, And courting pretty fair maids in the morning bright and early.
songs-poems	life	wisdom	general	0	What awful irony is this? We are as gods, but know it not.
songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	What did ya do with your burden and your cross? Did you carry it yourself or did you cry? You and I know that a burden and a cross, Can only be carried on one man's back.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	What happens to a dream deferred? Does it dry up Like a raisin in the sun? Or fester like a sore -- And then run? Does it stink like rotten meat? Or crust and sugar over -- Like a syrupy sweet? Maybe it just sags Like a heavy load. Or does it explode?
songs-poems	nature	verse	general	0	What has roots as nobody sees, Is taller than trees, Up, up it goes, And yet never grows?
songs-poems	tech	verse	general	0	What pains others pleasures me, At home am I in Lisp or C; There i couch in ecstasy, 'Til debugger's poke i flee, Into kernel memory. In system space, system space, there shall i fare-- Inside of a VAX on a silicon square.
songs-poems	faith	wisdom	general	0	What we Are is God's gift to us. What we Become is our gift to God.
songs-poems	love	quip	general	0	What's love but a second-hand emotion?
songs-poems	nature	quip	general	0	When a lion meets another with a louder roar, the first lion thinks the last a bore.
songs-poems	life	dark	general	0	When in panic, fear and doubt, Drink in barrels, eat, and shout.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	When in trouble or in doubt, run in circles, scream and shout.
songs-poems	tech	aphorism	general	0	When license fees are too high, users do things by hand. When the management is too intrusive, users lose their spirit. Hack for the user's benefit. Trust them; leave them alone.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	When love is gone, there's always justice. And when justice is gone, there's always force. And when force is gone, there's always Mom. Hi, Mom!
songs-poems	science	verse	general	0	When oxygen Tech played Hydrogen U. The Game had just begun, when Hydrogen scored two fast points And Oxygen still had none Then Oxygen scored a single goal And thus it did remain, At Hydrogen 2 and Oxygen 1 Called because of rain.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	When you find yourself in danger, When you're threatened by a stranger, When it looks like you will take a lickin'... There is one thing you should learn, When there is no one else to turn to, Caaaall for Super Chicken!! (**bwuck-bwuck-bwuck-bwuck**) Caaaall for Super Chicken!!
songs-poems	arts	aphorism	general	0	When you meet a master swordsman, show him your sword. When you meet a man who is not a poet, do not show him your poem.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	When you're a Yup You're a Yup all the way From your first slice of Brie To your last Cabernet. When you're a Yup You're not just a dreamer You're making things happen You're driving a Beamer.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	When you're away, I'm restless, lonely, Wretched, bored, dejected; only Here's the rub, my darling dear I feel the same when you are near.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	Where's the man could ease a heart Like a satin gown?
songs-poems	life	uplifting	general	0	Whether weary or unweary, O man, do not rest, Do not cease your single-handed struggle. Go on, do not rest. -- An old Gujarati hymn
songs-poems	life	dark	general	0	Whether you can hear it or not, The Universe is laughing behind your back.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	Whip it, baby. Whip it right. Whip it, baby. Whip it all night!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Who does not love wine, women, and song, Remains a fool his whole life long.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Who loves not wisely but too well Will look on Helen's face in hell, But he whose love is thin and wise Will view John Knox in Paradise.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Who made the world I cannot tell; 'Tis made, and here am I in hell. My hand, though now my knuckles bleed, I never soiled with such a deed.
songs-poems	life	wisdom	general	0	Who to himself is law no law doth need, offends no law, and is a king indeed.
songs-poems	society	quip	general	0	With/Without - and who'll deny it's what the fighting's all about?
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer, Yeah, Ah woke up this mornin' an' I had myself a beer The future's uncertain and the end is always near.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Woke up this morning, don't believe what I saw. Hundred billion bottles washed up on the shore. Seems I'm not alone in being alone. Hundred billion castaways looking for a call.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Yea from the table of my memory I'll wipe away all trivial fond records.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Yesterday upon the stair I met a man who wasn't there. He wasn't there again today -- I think he's from the CIA.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	You got to pay your dues if you want to sing the blues, And you know it don't come easy ... I don't ask for much, I only want trust, And you know it don't come easy ...
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	You know my heart keeps tellin' me, You're not a kid at thirty-three, You play around you lose your wife, You play too long, you lose your life. Some gotta win, some gotta lose, Goodtime Charlie's got the blues.
songs-poems	life	quip	general	0	You may be right, I may be crazy, But it just may be a lunatic you're looking for!
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	You will find me drinking gin In the lowest kind of inn, Because I am a rigid Vegetarian.
songs-poems	love	verse	general	0	You'll always be, What you always were, Which has nothing to do with, All to do, with her.
songs-poems	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Your wise men don't know how it feels To be thick as a brick.
songs-poems	life	dark	general	0	Your worship is your furnaces which, like old idols, lost obscenes, have molten bowels; your vision is machines for making more machines.
songs-poems	life	verse	general	0	Yours is not to reason why, Just to Sail Away. And when you find you have to throw Your Legacy away; Remember life as was it is, And is as it were; Chasing sounds across the galaxy 'Till silence is but a blur.
songs-poems	arts	verse	general	0	We found you hiding We found you lying Choking on the dirt and sand. Your former glories And all the stories Dragged and washed with eager hands. -- ``Cities in Dust'', "Tinderbox", Siouxsie & the Banshees.
songs-poems	faith	verse	general	0	We're always gonna try it No one can deny it We can cause a riot in Sunday School We'll have you believing Truth can be deceiving "Do unto others" is our Golden Rule
