yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	If we were to code your mom in a C++ function she would look like this: double mom (double fat){ mom(fat);return mom;}; //your mom is recursively fat.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	It took yo momma 10 tries to get her drivers license - she couldn't get used to the front seat!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	The infinite series of yo momma from 0 to infinity is strictly diverging.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	The integral of yo momma is fat plus a constant, where the constant is equal to more fat.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	The limit of yo momma's ass goes to infinity.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	The mass of yo momma at rest is approximately equal to that of a neutron star traveling at (1-(10^-1000))c.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	The only way to get from point A to point B is around yo momma's fat ass.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	The volume of yo momma is an improper integral.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	What's the difference between yo momma and a 747? About 20 pounds.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	What's the difference between yo momma and a Lay-Z-Boy? One's soft, squishy, and always has someone in it. The other is a chair.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	What's the difference between yo momma and a walrus? One has whiskers and smells of fish... the other one is a walrus!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Ya momma's so fat, her wand is a Slim Jim.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma = x/0 for every x in yo momma.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma So Fat, she can't fit through the moon door.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma conforms to Planck's law - the greater the frequency with which she screws, the more energetic she gets.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma got hit upside the head with an ugly stick.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma has so many teeth missing, that it looks like her tongue is in jail.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma has so much hair on her upper lip that she braids it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is cross-eyed and watches TV in stereo.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like Bazooka Joe, 5 cents a blow.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like Dominoes Pizza, one call does it all.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like Humpty Dumpty - First she gets humped, then she gets dumped.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like Pizza Hut - if she isn't there in 30 minutes... it's Free!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like Sprint - 10 cents a minute anywhere in the country.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a Chinese restaurant - All you can eat for only $9.95!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a Christmas tree, everybody hangs balls on her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a Discover card, she gives cash back.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a bag of potato chips, 'Free-To-Lay.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a basketball hoop, everybody gets a shot.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a bowling ball, she always winds up in the gutter.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a bowling ball... round, heavy, and you can fit three fingers in.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a bus, guys climb on and off her all day long.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a carpenter's dream - flat as a board and easy to nail.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a championship ring, everybody puts a finger in her.
yo-mama	spicy	nsfw	1	Yo momma is like a chicken coop, cocks fly in and out all day.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a door knob, everybody gets a turn.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a fan - she's always blowing someone.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a fine restaurant, she only takes deliveries in the rear.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a gas station - you gotta pay before you pump!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a goalie - she only changes her pads after three periods.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a hockey player, she only showers after three periods.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a library, she's open to the public.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a light switch, even a little kid can turn her on.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a mail box, open day and night.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a microwave, press one button and she's hot.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a paper towel, she picks up all kinds of slimy wet stuff.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a protractor - she's good at every angle.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a slaughter house - everybody's hanging their meat up in her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like a telephone, even a 3 year old can pick her up.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma is like a turtle - once she's on her back she's fucked.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like an ATM, open 24 hours.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like the new AOL 4.0: Fun, Fast, Easy and Free!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is like the sun, look at her too long and you'll go blind.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is missing a finger and can't count past nine.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so bald that even a wig wouldn't help!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so bald that she took a shower and got brain-washed!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so bald that you can see what's on her mind.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma is so dark that her ass looks like two tires.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that her nickname is midnight.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that she bleeds molasses.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that she could show up naked to a funeral.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that she drinks water and pees coffee.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that she got her tattoo done in chalk.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that she has to wear white gloves when she eats Tootsie Rolls to keep from eating her fingers.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that she looks like a picture of outer-space with no stars... except when she smiles.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that she makes asphalt look grey.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that she spits chocolate milk!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that she was riding a motorcycle and got a ticket for tinted windows.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that she went to night school and was marked absent!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that that she can leave fingerprints on charcoal.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that when her eyes are red she looks like a beeper.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that when she goes outside, the streetlights turn on.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that when she goes swimming it looks like an oil spill.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that when she puts lotion on her legs it looks like she has on patent leather pants.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that when she puts on yellow lipstick, she looks like a cheese burger.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that when she smiles at night she looks like a pack of floating Chiclets.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dark that when the police shot at her, the bullets came back for flashlights.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dirty that even Swamp Thing told her to take a shower.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dirty that she has to creep up on bathwater.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dirty that she loses weight in the shower.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dirty that she makes mud look clean.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dirty that that she was banned from a sewage facility because of sanitation concerns.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dirty that that you can't tell where the dirt stops and she begins.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dirty that the US Government uses her bath water as a chemical weapon.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so dirty that when she tried to take a bath, the water jumped out and said 'I'll wait.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat MTX audio's subwoofers couldn't rattle her bones!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat and dumb that the only reason she opened her email was because she heard it contained spam.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat her headphones are a pair of PA speakers connected to a car amplifier.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat she threw on a sheet for Halloween and went as Antarctica.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that Dracula got Type 2 Diabetes after biting her neck.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that God couldn't light the Earth until she moved!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that I had to take a train and two buses just to get on the her good side!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that I ran around her twice and got lost.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that NASA has to orbit a satellite around her!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that Weight Watchers won't look at her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that a picture of her would fall off the wall.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that at the zoo, the elephants throw HER peanuts.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that eating contests have banned her because she is unfair competition.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that even Chuck Norris couldn't run around her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that even Dora can't explore her!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that even god can't lift her spirit.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that even her clothes have stretch marks!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that everytime she walks in high heels, she strikes oil!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that her belly button doesn't have lint, it has sweaters.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that her belly button's got an echo.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that her bellybutton gets home 15 minutes before she does.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that her blood type is Ragu.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that her butt drags on the ground and kids yell - 'there goes santa claus with his bag of toys!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that her derivative is strictly positive.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that her legs are like spoiled milk - white & chunky!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that her neck looks like a dozen hot dogs!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that her sedan can fit 5 people... or just yo momma with the front seats removed.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that her waist size is the Equator.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that in a love triangle, she'd be the hypotenuse.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that it took Usain Bolt 3 years to run around her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that light bends around her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that people jog around her for exercise.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she broke the Stairway to Heaven.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she can't even fit into an AOL chat room.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she can't even jump to a conclusion.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she cant reach into her back pocket.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she comes at you from all directions.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she could fall down and wouldn't even know it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she could sell shade.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she cut her leg and gravy poured out
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she doesn't eat with a fork, she eats with a forklift.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she doesn't have a tailor, she has a contractor.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she eats 'Wheat Thicks'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she fell and created the Grand Canyon!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she fell in love and broke it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she fell out of both sides of her bed.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she gets group insurance.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she gets her toenails painted at Lucky's Auto Body.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she got hit by a car and had to go to the hospital to have it removed.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she got hit by a parked car!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she had to go to Sea World to get baptized.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she has been declared a natural habitat for condors.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she has her own gravity field.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she has more Chins than a Chinese phone book!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she has to buy three airline tickets.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she has to iron her pants on the driveway.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she has to pull down her pants to get into her pockets.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she has to put her belt on with a boomerang.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she has to use a VCR as a beeper!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she influences the tides.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she left the house in high heels and came back wearing flip flops.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she looked up cheat codes for Wii Fit
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagen!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she measures 36-24-36, and the other arm is just as big.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she puts mayonnaise on aspirin.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she puts on her lipstick with a paint-roller!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she sat on a dollar and squeezed a booger out George Washington's nose.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she sets off car alarms when she runs.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she stands in two time zones.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she took geometry in high school just cause she heard there was gonna be some pi.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she uses a mattress for a tampon.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she uses redwoods to pick her teeth
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she uses the entire country of Mexico as her tanning bed.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she uses two buses for roller-blades.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she wakes up in sections!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she walked into the Gap and filled it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she was born on the fourth, fifth, and sixth of June.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she was cut from the cast of E.T., because she caused an eclipse when she rode the bike across the moon.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her for the New World.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she was in the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade... wearing ropes.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she was zoned for commercial development.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she went on a light diet. As soon as it's light she starts eating.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she went to the fair and the kids thought she was a bouncy castle.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she went to the movie theatre and sat next to everyone.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she's got Amtrak written on her leg.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she's got every caterer in the city on speed dial!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she's got her own area code!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she's half Italian, half Irish, and half American.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that she's on both sides of the family!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that that her senior pictures had to be taken from a helicopter!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that that she cant tie her own shoes.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that that when I tried to drive around her I ran out of gas.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that that when she sits on the beach, Greenpeace shows up and tries to tow her back into the ocean...
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that the National Weather Service names each one of her farts.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that the camera TAKES AWAY 10 lbs from her appearance.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that the highway patrol made her wear a sign saying 'Caution! Wide Turn'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that the last time she saw 90210, it was on a scale.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that the last time the landlord saw her, he doubled the rent.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that the only exercise she gets is when she chases the ice cream truck.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that the only pictures you have of her were taken by satellite cameras.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that the ratio of the circumference to her diameter is four.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that the shadow of her butt weighs 100 pounds.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that the sign inside one restaurant says, "Maximum occupancy: 300, or Yo momma."
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that the stripes on her pajamas never end.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that they have to grease the bath tub to get her out!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that they use the elastic in her underwear for bungee jumping.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay for her because we dressed her up as a Toyota.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that we're in her right now!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when her beeper goes off, people think she's backing up.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she asked for a waterbed, they put a blanket over the ocean!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she bungee jumps she goes straight to hell!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she climbed onto a diving board at the beach, the lifeguard told your dad 'sorry, you can't park here'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she dances at a concert the whole band skips.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she gets on the scale it says 'We don't do livestock'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she gets on the scale it says 'to be continued'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she goes to a buffet, she gets the group rate.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she goes to a restaurant, she looks at the menu and says 'okay!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she goes to an all you can eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she goes to an amusement park, people try to ride HER!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she got her shoes shined, she had to take the guy's word for it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she got hit by a bus, she said, 'Who threw that rock at me?'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma is so fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she lays on the beach, people run around yelling Free Willy.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she lies on the beach no one else gets any sun!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she plays hopscotch, she goes 'New York, L.A., Chicago...'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she ran away, they had to use all four sides of the milk carton to display her picture.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she runs the fifty-yard dash she needs an overnight bag.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she sat on Wal-Mart, she lowered the prices.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she sat on an iphone, it turned into an ipad.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she sings, it's over for everybody.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE HOUSE!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she steps on a scale, it reads 'one at a time, please'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she takes a shower, her feet don't get wet.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she talks to herself, it's a long distance call.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she tripped on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she turns around people throw her a welcome back party.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she visited Toronto's City Hall, she was arrested for attempting to smuggle 500 lbs of crack into Mayor Rob Ford's office.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she walked in front of the TV, I missed 3 seasons of Breaking Bad.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she wants to shake someones hand, she has to give directions!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she was diagnosed with a flesh-eating disease, the doctor gave her ten years to live.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she was growing up she didn't play with dolls, she played with midgets.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she wears a 'Malcolm X' T-shirt, helicopters try to land on her back!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she wears a yellow raincoat, people yell 'taxi!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she went to church and sat on a bible, Jesus came out and said 'LET MY PEOPLE GO!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she went to seaworld the whales started singing 'We Are Family'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when she's standing on the corner police drive by and yell, "Hey, break it up."
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when we were playing Call of Duty, I got a 20 kill streak for killing her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that when you get on top of her your ears pop.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat that you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat when she goes skydiving she doesn't use a parachute to land, she uses a twin-engine plane!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat you have to roll over twice to get off her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so fat, Al Gore accuses her of global warning everytime she farts!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so flat that she makes the walls jealous!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so greasy that I buttered my popcorn with her leg hairs.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so greasy that Texaco buys Oil from her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so greasy that her freckles slipped off.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so greasy that if Crisco had a football team, she'd be the mascot.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so greasy that she squeezes Crisco from her hair to bake cookies.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so greasy that she sweats Crisco!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so greasy that she sweats butter and syrup and has a full time job at Denny's wiping pancakes across her forehead.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so greasy that she uses bacon as a band-aid!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so greasy that she's labeled as an ingredient in Crisco.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so greasy that you could fry a chicken dinner for 12 on her forehead.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so grouchy that the McDonald's she works in doesn't even serve Happy Meals.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that Bigfoot wants to take HER picture!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that Jane Goodall follows her around.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that her armpits look like she has Don King in a headlock.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that if she could fly she'd look like a magic carpet.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that if you shaved her legs, you could supply wigs for the entire Hair Club for Men.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that people run up to her and say 'Chewbacca, can I get your autograph?'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that she gets mistaken for Chewbacca's cousin.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that she got a trim and lost 20 pounds.
yo-mama	spicy	nsfw	1	Yo momma is so hairy that she has afros on her nipples.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that she looks like Bigfoot in a tank top.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that she looks like a Chia pet with a sweater on.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that she looks like she has Buckwheat in a headlock.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that she shaves her legs with a weed wacker.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that the only language she can speak is wookie.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that they filmed 'Gorillas in the Mist' in her shower!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that two birds made nests in her armpits and she doesn't even know about it!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that when I took her to a pet store they locked her in a cage.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that when she's at a nude beach people think she's wearing a fur coat!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so hairy that you almost died of rug burn at birth!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so lazy that she came in last place in a recent snail marathon.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so lazy that she thinks a two-income family is where yo daddy has two jobs.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so lazy that she's got a remote control just to operate her remote!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so mean that she has no standard deviation.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that I chatted with her on MSN and she gave me a virus.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that I when I talked to her on the phone, she gave me an ear infection.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma is so nasty that a skunk smelled her ass and passed out.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that even dogs won't sniff her crotch.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma is so nasty that every time she opens her mouth she's talking shit.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that her crabs use her tampon string as a bungee cord.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma is so nasty that her shit is glad to escape.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma is so nasty that her tits leak sour milk.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that next to her a skunk smells sweet.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that she bit the dog and gave it rabies.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that she brings crabs to the beach.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that she calls Janet 'Miss Jackson.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that she has a sign by her crotch that says: 'Warning: May cause irritation, drowsiness, and a rash or breakouts.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that she has more crabs then Red Lobster.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that she has more rappers in her than an iPod.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that she has to use Right Guard and Left Guard.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that she made right guard turn left.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that she makes speed stick slow down.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that she only changes her drawers once every 10000 miles.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that she's got more clap than an auditorium.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that that pours salt water down her pants to keep her crabs fresh.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that the fishery pays her to stay away.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that the only dis I want to give her is a disinfectant.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so nasty that when you were being delivered, the doctor was wearing the oxygen mask.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old she remembers when the Mayans published their calendar.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that I told her to act her own age, and she died.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that her birth certificate is written in Roman numerals.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that her birth certificate says 'expired' on it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that her memory is in black and white.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that her social security number is 1.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she DJ'd at the Boston Tea Party.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she baby-sat for Jesus.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she called the cops when David and Goliath started to fight.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she co-wrote the Ten Commandments.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she drove a chariot to high school.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she has Adam & Eve's autographs.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she has a picture of Moses in her yearbook.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she has an autographed bible.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she knew Burger King while he was still a prince.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she knew Captain Crunch while he was still a private.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she knew Mr. Clean when he had an afro.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she knew the Beetles when they were the New Kids on the Block.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she learned to write on cave walls.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she needed a walker when Jesus was still in diapers.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she owes Fred Flintstone a food stamp.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she owes Jesus a dollar.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she planted the first tree at Central Park.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she ran track with dinosaurs.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she sat next to Jesus in third grade.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she took her drivers test on a dinosaur.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she walked into an antique store and they kept her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she was a waitress at the Last Supper.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that she's mentioned in the shout out at the end of the bible.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that that when she was in school there was no history class.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that the candles cost more than the birthday cake.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that when God said 'Let there be light' she was there to flick the switch.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that when Moses split the red sea, she was on the other side fishing.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that when she farts, dust comes out.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that when she was born, the Dead Sea was just getting sick.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so old that when she was young rainbows were black and white.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor Nigerian scammers wire HER money!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor she couldn't afford to apply for Medicare!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that I came over for dinner and she read me recipes.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that I saw her running after a garbage truck with a shopping list.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that I saw her wrestling a squirrel for a peanut.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that I stepped on her skateboard and she said 'Hey, get off the car!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that I threw a rock at a trash can and she popped out and said 'Who knocked?'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that I walked into her house and swatted a firefly and Yo momma said, 'Who turned off the lights?'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that I walked into her house, asked to use the bathroom, and she said '3rd bucket to your right.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that I went through her front door and ended up in the back yard.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that I went to her house and tore down some cob webs, and she said 'Who's tearing down the drapes?'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma is so poor that after I pissed in your yard, she thanked me for watering the lawn.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that burglars break in and leave money.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that for halloween, her trick was the treat.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that her face is on the front of a food stamp.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that her front and back doors are on the same hinge.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that her idea of a fortune cookie is a tortilla with a food stamp in it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that her idea of a timeshare is a few days camped out under a bridge.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she can't afford to pay attention!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she can't even afford to go to the free clinic.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she can't even put her two cents in this conversation.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she got in an elevator and thought it was a mobile home.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she had to get a second mortgage on her cardboard box.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she has to take the trash IN.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she has to wear her McDonald's uniform to church.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she lives in a two story Dorrito bag with a dog named Chip.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she married young just to get the rice!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she was in K-Mart with a box of Hefty bags and when I asked her what she was doing she said, 'Buying luggage.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she washes paper plates.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she watches TV on an Etch-A-Sketch.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she waves around a popsicle stick and calls it air conditioning.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she went to McDonald's and put a milkshake on layaway.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that she's got more furniture on her porch than in her house.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that the bank repossessed her cardboard box.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that the closest thing to a car she has is a low-rider shopping cart with a box on it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that we were on a road trip and she stopped by a dumpster and got out. I said 'what are you doing' and she said I'm 'booking a hotel!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that when I asked what was for dinner, she pulled her shoelaces off and said 'Spaghetti.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that when I ring the doorbell I hear the toilet flush!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that when I ring the doorbell she says,'DING!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that when I saw her in the park digging up plants, she said she was 'getting groceries'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that when I saw her kicking a can down the street, I asked her what she was doing, and she said 'moving.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that when I saw her rolling some trash cans around in an alley, I asked her what she was doing, she said 'Remodeling.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that when I saw her walking down the street with one shoe and said 'Hey miss, lost a shoe?' she said 'Nope, just found one!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that when I walked inside her house and put out a cigarette, she said 'who turned off the heater?'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that when I went over to her house for dinner and grabbed a paper plate, she said 'Don't use the good china!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that when she goes to KFC, she has to lick other people's fingers!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that when she tells people her address, she says 'it's in the second alley from main street, beside the yellow dumpster.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that when yo family watches TV, they go to Sears.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that your TV got 2 channels: ON and OFF.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so poor that your family ate cereal with a fork to save milk.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that her homies are the Keebler Elves.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that she can do push-ups under the door.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that she can limbo under the door.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that she can play handball on the curb.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that she does backflips under the bed.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that she does pull-ups on a staple.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that she has to get a running start to get up on the toilet.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that she has to look up to look down.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that she has to use a ladder to pick up a dime.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that she makes Gary Coleman look like Shaquille O'Neal.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that she models for trophies.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that she slam-dunks her bus fare.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that she uses a condom for a sleeping bag.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that when I was dissin' her she tried to jump kick me in the ankle.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that when she sneezes, she hits her head on the floor.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short that you can see her feet on her drivers license!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so short, you can make a life size sculpture of her using one can of Play-Doh.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that I could blind-fold her with dental floss.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that her bra fits better when she wears it backwards.
yo-mama	spicy	nsfw	1	Yo momma is so skinny that her nipples touch.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that her pants only have one belt loop.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that if she had a sesame seed on her head, she'd look like a push pin.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that if she had a yeast infection she'd be a Quarter Pounder with Cheese.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that if she had dreads I'd grab her by the ankles and use her to mop the floor.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that if she turned sideways and stuck out her tongue, she would look like a zipper.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that instead of calling her your parent, you call her transparent.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that she can dodge rain drops.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that she can see out a peephole with both eyes.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that she goes hot tubing with the Mini Wheats Man.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that she had to stand in the same place twice to cast a shadow.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that she has to run around in the shower to get wet.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that she has to wear a belt with spandex.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that she hula hoops with a Cheerio.
yo-mama	spicy	nsfw	1	Yo momma is so skinny that she inspires crack whores to diet.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that she looks like a mic stand.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that she only has one stripe on her pajamas.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that she swallowed a meatball and thought she was pregnant.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that she turned sideways and disappeared.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that she uses Chapstick for deodorant.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that she uses a Band-Aid as a maxi-pad.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that when she takes a bath and lets the water out, her toes get caught in the drain.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that when she wore her yellow dress, she looked like an HB pencil.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so skinny that you can save her from drowning by tossing her a Fruit Loop.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so small that she goes paragliding on a Dorito.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so square that she's got imaginary numbers on her social security card.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that I saw her in the frozen food section with a fishing rod.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that I saw her jumping up and down, asked what she was doing, and she said she drank a bottle of medicine and forgot to shake it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that I saw her walking down the street yelling into an envelope, asked what she was doing, and she said sending a voice mail.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that I told her Christmas was just around the corner and she went looking for it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that I told her I was reading a book by Homer and she asked if I had anything written by Bart.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that at bottom of application where it says Sign Here - she put Scorpio.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that if she spoke her mind, she'd be speechless.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that if you gave her a penny for her thoughts, you'd get change.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that in the 'No Child Left Behind' act there's a provision that exempts yo momma.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that it takes her an hour to cook minute rice.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that it took her 2 hours to watch 60 Minutes!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that on her job application where it says emergency contact she put 911.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she asked for a price check at the dollar store.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she asked me what yield meant, I said 'Slow down' and she said 'What... does.... yield... mean?'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she asked you 'What is the number for 911?'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she bought a solar-powered flashlight!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she bought a video camera to record cable tv shows at home.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she brought a cup to the movie 'Juice.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she called the 7-11 to see when they closed.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she can't make Jello because she can't fit 2 quarts of water in the box.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she climbed over a glass wall to see what was behind it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she failed a survey.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she got fired from the M&M factory for throwing away all the W's.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she got hit by a parked car.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she got locked in a Furniture store and slept on the floor.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she got locked in a grocery store and starved!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she got locked out of a convertible car with the top down.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she got stabbed in a shoot out.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she leaves the house for the Home Shopping Network.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she locked her keys inside a motorcycle.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she makes Beavis and Butt-Head look like Nobel Prize winners.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she needs twice as much sense to be a half-wit.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she once attempted to commit suicide by jumping off a curb.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she ordered a cheese burger from McDonald's and said 'Hold the cheese.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she ordered her sushi well done.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she peals M&M's to make chocolate chip cookies.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she picked up the phone and asked 'What button do I push?'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she put 2 quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to 50 cent.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she put a peephole in a glass door.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma is so stupid that she put a phone up her ass and thought she was making a booty call.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she put a quarter in a parking meter and waited for a gumball to come out.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she put on a coat to chew Winterfresh gum.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she put on bug spray before going to the flea market.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she put on her glasses to watch 20/20.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she put two M&M's in her ears and thought she was listening to Eminem.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she puts lipstick on her head just to make-up her mind
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she ran outside with a purse because she heard there was change in the weather.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she said 'what's that letter after x' and I said Y she said 'Cause I wanna know'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she sat in a tree house because she wanted to be a branch manager.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she sent me a fax with a stamp on it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she shoved a AA battery up her butt and said 'I got the power!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she sits on the TV, and watches the couch!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she sold her car for gas money!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she sold the house to pay the mortgage.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she spent twenty minutes lookin' at an orange juice box because it said 'concentrate'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she stole free bread.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she stopped at a stop sign and waited for it to say go.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks Christmas Wrap is Snoop Dogg's holiday album.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks Fleetwood Mac is a new hamburger at McDonald's!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks Johnny Cash is a pay toilet!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks Taco Bell is a Mexican Phone Company.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks Tiger Woods is a forest in India.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks Tiger Woods is a forest.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks a quarterback is a refund!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks a stereotype is the brand on her clock-radio.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks deadbeat is a type of music.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks fruit punch is a gay boxer.
yo-mama	spicy	nsfw	1	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks sexual battery is something in a dildo.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thinks socialism means partying!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought Delta Airlines was a sorority.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought Dunkin' Donuts was a basketball team!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought Grape Nuts was an STD.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought Mick Jagger was a breakfast sandwich!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought St. Ides was a Catholic church.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought Tupac Shakur was a Jewish holiday.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought a lawsuit was something you wear to court.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought brownie points were coupons for a bake sale.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought menopause was a button on the VCR.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought meow mix was a record for cats.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she thought she needed a token to get on Soul Train.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she threw a rock the ground and missed.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she told everyone that she was 'illegitimate' because she couldn't read.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she took a spoon to the superbowl.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she took a umbrella to see Purple Rain.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she took lessons for a player piano.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Dr. Pepper.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she tried to commit suicide by jumping out of the basement window.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she tried to drop acid but the car battery fell on her foot.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she tried to drown a fish.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she tries to email people by putting envelopes into her computer's disk drive.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she tries to insult you with yo momma jokes.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she tripped over a cordless phone!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she uses Old Spice for cooking.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she was born on Independence Day and can't remember her birthday.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she was on the corner with a sign that said 'Will eat for food.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she went to the store to buy a color TV and asked what colors they had.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma is so stupid that she wiped her ass before she took a shit.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that she wouldn't know up from down if she had three guesses.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that that she thought Boyz II Men was a day care center.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that that she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that the first time she used a vibrator, she cracked her two front teeth.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when I asked her about X-Men she said 'Sure, there's Bobby my first baby daddy, Roger the guy I see on Thursdays...'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when I asked her if she wanted to play one on one, she said 'Ok, but what's the teams?'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when I told her 'pi-r-squared' and she replied no, they are round.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when I was drowning and yelled for a life saver, she said 'Cherry or Grape?'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when asked on an application, 'Sex?', she marked, 'M, F, and wrote sometimes Wednesday too.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when her husband lost his marbles she ran to the store and bought him new ones.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when she asked me what kinda jeans I wore, I said Guess and she said 'Ummm... Levis?'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when she heard 90% of all crimes occur around the home, she moved.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when she heard her neighbour was spanking the monkey, she called the humane society.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when she locked her keys in the car, it took her all day to get Yo family out.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when she pulled into the drive-thru at McDonald's, she drove through the window.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when she read on her job application to not write below the dotted line she put 'OK'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when she saw a 'Wrong Way' sign in her rearview mirror, she turned around.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when she saw the 'Under 17 not admitted' sign at a movie theatre, she went home and got 16 friends.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when she took an IQ test, the results came out negative.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when she took you to the airport and a sign said 'Airport Left,' she turned around and went home.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when she went for a blood test, she asked for time to study.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when she went to take the 44 bus, she took the 22 twice instead.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when she worked at McDonald's and someone ordered small fries, she said 'Hey Boss, all the small one's are gone.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when the computer said 'Press any key to continue', she couldn't find the 'Any' key.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when the judge said 'Order in the court,' she said 'I'll have a hamburger and a Coke.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when they said they were playing craps she went and got toilet paper.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that when your dad said it was chilly outside, she ran out the door with a spoon.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid that you have to dig for her IQ!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so stupid, she went to the aquarium to buy a Blu-Ray.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma is so stupid, that she thought Moby Dick was a sexually transmitted disease.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so tall that if she did a back-flip she'd kick Jesus in the mouth.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so tall that she tripped in Michigan and bumped her head in Florida.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so tall that she tripped over a rock and hit her head on the moon.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that I took her to a haunted house and she came out with a job application.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that I took her to the zoo, guy at the door said ''
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that I took her to the zoo, guy at the door said 'Thanks for bringing her back.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that Santa pays an elf to drop off her gifts at Christmas.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that a sculpture of her face is used when torturing prisoners at Guantanamo Bay.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that even Bill Clinton wouldn't sleep with her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that even Rice Krispies won't talk to her!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that government intelligence agencies have to pixelize her face when spying on her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that her birth certificate contained an apology letter from the condom factory.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that her face is blurred on her driver's license.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that her pillow cries at night.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that her shadow ran away from her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that if she was a scarecrow, the corn would run away.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that it looks like she's been bobbing for french fries.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that it looks like someone did the stanky leg dance on her face.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that just after she was born, her mother said 'What a treasure!' and her father said 'Yes, let's go bury it.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that neither Jacob nor Edward want her on their team.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that people at the circus pay money not to see her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that people go as her for Halloween.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that people hang her picture in their cars so their radios don't get stolen.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she can look up a camel's butt and scare the hump off of it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she climbed the ugly ladder and didn't miss a step.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she could be the poster child for birth control.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she could make a freight train take a dirt road.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma is so ugly that she could scare the flies off a shit wagon.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma is so ugly that she didn't get hit with the ugly stick, she got hit by the whole damn tree.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she gives Freddy Kreuger nightmares.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she has 7 years bad luck just trying to look at herself in the mirror.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she looks like she's been in a dryer filled with rocks.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she made Barack Obama lose hope!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she made an onion cry!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she makes blind children cry.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she practices birth control by leaving the lights on.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she put the Boogie Man out of business!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she scared the crap out of the toilet.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she scares the roaches away.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she threw a boomerang and it wouldn't even come back.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she tried to take a bath and the water jumped out!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she turned Medusa to stone!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she'd scare the monster out of Loch Ness.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that she's never seen herself 'cause the mirrors keep breaking.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that that when she sits in the sand on the beach, cats try to bury her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that that your father takes her to work with him so that he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that the FCC requires her face to be blurred when she's on TV, because of decency rules.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that the government moved Halloween to her birthday!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that the last time I saw something that looked like her, I pinned a tail on it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that they didn't give her a costume when she auditioned for Star Wars.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that we put her in the kennel when we go on vacation.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when I last saw a mouth like hers, it had a hook in it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she drove past area 51, she was thought to be extraterrestrial life. They took her away never to be seen again.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she goes to the therapist, he makes her lie on the couch face down.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she joined an ugly contest, they said 'Sorry, no professionals.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she looks in the mirror it says 'viewer discretion is advised.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she looks in the mirror, the reflection looks back and shakes its head.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she moved into the projects, all her neighbors chipped in for curtains.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she plays Mortal Kombat, Scorpion tells her to 'Stay Over There!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she uploaded a photo of herself to a computer, it was rejected by the anti-virus software.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she walked out of her house, the neighbours called animal control.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she walks down the street in September, people say 'Wow, is it Halloween already?'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she walks in the kitchen, the rats jump on the table and start screaming.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillance cameras.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she was born she was put in an incubator with tinted windows.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she was born, the doctor slapped her AND her parents!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she went to Taco Bell everyone ran for the border.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that when she went to a beautician it took 12 hours... to get a quote!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that you have to tie a steak around her neck so the dog will play with her!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly that... well... look at you!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is so ugly, that Pythagoras wouldn't touch her with a 3-4-5 triangle.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is such a ho, that she asked all the math majors to to figure out g(f(your mom)) just so they could 'f' her first.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma is twice the man you are.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma likes to applaud, 'cause she's got clap
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma smells so bad that the doctor diagnosed her with breath cancer.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma so Ugly, she got turned down for 'Girls Gone Wilding'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma so bad at sex, the only kind of head she gives is severed.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma so dumb, she lost a spelling bee to Hodor
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma so dumb, she thought Bran Stark was a type of muffin.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma so fat that she sweats more than a dog in a chinese restaurant.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma so fat, all she wants for Christmas is to see her feet.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma so fat, even Roose Bolton won't touch her
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma so fat, she Winter-fell and couldn't get up!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma so fat, that went she stepped in the water, Thailand had to declare another tsunami warning.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma so fat, they've been calling her 'the wall' for thousands of years!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma so old, the old gods pray to HER!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma so ugly, winter turned around and left!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma sucks so much dick her butt chin turned into a nut chin!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma was such an ugly baby that her parents had to feed her with a slingshot.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's a convenient proof that the universe is still expanding exponentially.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's aging with such grace and beauty that she could be featured on the cover of Elle magazine.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's arms are so short that she has to tilt her head to scratch her ear.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's been on welfare so long that her picture is on food stamps.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's breath is so nasty that it chases away Miasma.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's breath is the secret ingredient in the Weasly's Butterscotch Barf-ies.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's breath smells so bad that when she yawns her teeth duck out of the way.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's breath smells so fresh that Wrigley's could make a chewing gum flavour based on it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's cosplay is so bad that she got beat by a Narutard in the masquerade!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's dumber than an augmented rat.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's face is so wrinkled, that she has to screw her hat on.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's feet are so big that her shoes need to have license plates on them!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got 1 leg longer than the other so they call her call her hip hop.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got 1 toe & 1 knee and they call her Tony.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got Play-Doh teeth.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got a 'wait' problem, she can't wait to eat.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got a 4 dollar weave and don't know when to leave.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got a leather wig with suede sideburns.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got a peanut butter wig with jelly sideburns.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got an eagle's nest wig.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma's got an eating disorder, she be eating dis order, dat order, she be eating all the damn orders!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got more chins than a Chinese phone book.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got more crust than a bucket of Kentucky Fried Chicken.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got more weave than a dog in traffic.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got no ears and was trying on sunglasses.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got one leg and people call her Ilene.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got so much dandruff, she needs to defrost it before she combs her hair.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got so much weave, AT&T uses her extensions as backup lines.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's got so much weave, when a fly goes by her hair swats at it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's gums are so black that she spits Yoo-hoo.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's hair is so nappy that she has to take Tylenol just to comb it.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's head is so small that she got her ear pierced and died.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's head is so small that she uses a tea-bag as a pillow.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's hips are so big that people set their drinks on them.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's house is so dirty that roaches ride around on dune buggies!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's house is so dirty that she has to wipe her feet before she goes outside.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like 7-Eleven - open all night, hot to go, and for 89 cents you can get a slurpy.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like McDonald's... Billions and Billions served.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like Wal-Mart... She's got different discounts everyday.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a 5 foot tall basketball hoop, it ain't that hard to score.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, there's no wrong way to eat her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a Snickers bar, packed with nuts.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a birthday cake, everybody gets a piece.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a bowling ball, she gets picked up, fingered, thrown down the gutter, and she still comes back for more.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a brick, dirty, flat on both sides, and always getting laid by Mexicans.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma's like a bungee cord... 100 dollars for 30 seconds and if that rubber breaks, your ass is dead!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a converging lens - she's wider in the middle than she is on either end.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a dollar bill, she gets handled all across the country.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a nickel, she ain't worth a dime.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a parking garage, three bucks and you're in.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a pool table, she likes balls in her pocket.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a postage stamp, you lick her, stick her, then send her away.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a puppy... everybody wants to give her a hug.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a race car driver - she burns a lot of rubbers.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a railroad track, she gets laid all over the country.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a refrigerator, everyone puts their meat in her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a screen door, after a couple of bangs she loosens up.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a set of speakers - loud, ugly, lives in a box, and you can turn her up, down, on, and off.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma's like a shotgun, one cock and she blows.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a squirrel, she's always got some nuts in her mouth.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a streetlamp, you can find her turned on at night on any street corner.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a telephone booth, open to the public, costs a quarter, and guys go in and out all day.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a tricycle, she's easy to ride.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a vacuum cleaner - a real good suck.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like a vacuum cleaner... she sucks, blows, and then gets laid in the closet.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like an elevator, guys go up and down on her all day.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like an iPod, fun to touch!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like cake mix, 15 servings per package!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like lettuce, 25 cents a head.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like mustard, she spreads easy.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like peanut butter: brown, creamy, and easy to spread.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like school at 3 o'clock... children keep coming out and nobody can remember all the fathers.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like the Bermuda Triangle, they both swallow a lot of seamen.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like the Panama Canal, vessels full of seamen pass through her everyday.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's like the Pillsbury dough boy - everybody pokes her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's lips are so big that Chapstick had to invent a spray.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's mouth is so big that she speaks in surround sound.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's muscle-to-fat ratio can only be explained in irrational complex numbers.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's nose hairs are so long that they make Bobobo jealous!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's nostrils are so huge she makes Patrick Ewing jealous.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's only got one finger and runs around stealing key rings.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so bald that I can tell fortunes on her head.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so bald that when she braids her hair, it looks like stitches.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so bald that when she goes to bed, her head slips off the pillow.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma's so bald that you could draw a line down the middle of her head and it would look like my ass.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so big that doctors use scuba divers as nanobots to clean her arteries.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so big that she has a gravitational pull equal to that of the sun.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so clean, she could bottle her bathwater and sell it at the grocery store alongside Evian, Dasani and FIJI.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so dirty, she fertilizes her lawn by rolling in it!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so dirty, she jumped in a river and created a mud slide!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma's so dirty, when a seed gets stuck in her ass crack it beings to grow!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so dirty, when the wind blows people yell 'Sand Storm!!!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so dumb she thought that she could talk to snakes if she put parsley on her tongue
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so dumb that a stupify spell actually made her smarter.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so dumb that she tried to rent a car from The Enterprise.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so dumb that she went to the dentist and asked for a bluetooth.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so dumb that when she found a vulcan, she tried to call Santa to take him back to the north pole.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so dumb that when she was handed the death note, she thought they were asking for her autograph.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so dumb, she failed out of Cromartie High School.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fashionable that Gucci, Prada and Fendi call her on a daily basis to get insight into upcoming fashion trends.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat even Grawp can't pick her up!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat she blew up the Death Star.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat she makes Riker's belly look 3 atoms thick.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat she makes a Snorlax look like a chihuahua!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat she wears her own inertia dampener.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that 'ACORN' registered her to vote eight times!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that China uses her to block the internet.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that Dexster Jettster mistook her for his wife.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that Gardulla the Hutt had a boost in self-esteem after seeing her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that IEEE is working on a wifi protocol so people can get the signals to reach users on opposite sides of her. It's called 802.11 Draft Fat Momma
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma's so fat that NASA shot a rocket into her ass looking for water.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that Sarah Palin can see her from her house.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that Sarah Palin can't see Russia anymore!.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that Spock couldn't find a pressure point to perform the Vulcan Death Grip on her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that THX can't even surround her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that a $700 billion bailout would only keep her fed for a week.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that a Wingardium Leviosa spell couldn't lift her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that a recursive function computing her weight causes a stack overflow.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that even Mitt Romney couldn't afford to take her out to dinner!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that even her Quidditch robes have stretch marks.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that even the Death Star couldn't blow her up!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that even the Dementors can't suck her soul out in one sitting.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that her biography is called 'The Audacity of Hardee's'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that her lack of balance caused her to stumble into an Utapau sinkhole.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that if she confronted a boggart it would morph into a treadmill.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that if she was thrown into the second Death Star's reactor core, she could have blown up the entire Imperial fleet.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that if she were placed beside a changeling during regeneration, no one would know the difference.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that it takes two boggarts to shape-shift into her!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that it took the entire Dragon Ball Z crew 1 week just to lift her off the ground.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that only half her body was able to come out frozen from the carbon freezing chamber in Cloud City.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that scientists track her position by observing anomalies in Pluto's orbit.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she and the great wall of China are used as reference points when astronauts look back at the Earth.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she broke the HP limit!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she cant even fit in the expanding plug suit.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she caused Kamino to flood when her water broke.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she crushed Boga as soon as she mounted her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she doesn't get dreams, she gets movies!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she doesn't just have a low center of gravity, she has an elliptical orbit.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she doesn't need the internet - she's worldwide.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she expresses her weight in scientific notation.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she fell to the dark side and couldn't get back up.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she makes the USS Enterprise look like a micro machines racer.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she supported the bailout just because she wanted a 'barrel of pork'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she thought the opening line of Kirk's monologue was 'Spice, the final Frontier...'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she tried to eat someone dressed as a box of Pocky!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she tried to fly through a temporal anomaly but she didn't fit.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that she was mistaken for Mt. Fuji at the Sakura festival.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that the Dragon Ball Z crew uses her to make craters on set.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that the Kaminoans couldn't use her as a host for clones since they couldn't pierce her skin deep enough to draw blood.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that the Sorting Hat put her in all four houses!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that the housing bubble popped because she sat on it!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that the long double numeric variable type in C++ is insufficient to express her weight.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that the passengers of the Millennium Falcon mistook her for a small moon.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that the sorting hat couldn't decide where to put her - she couldn't fit in any of the houses!!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that when she asked me 'what's up?' I said 'your weight!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that when she beams to a ship, the ship beams inside of her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that when she goes on a scale, it reads 'lose some weight'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that when she goes on a scale, it shows her own phone number.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that when she got upgraded by the Cybermen, they turned her into an ice cream truck
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that when she sat down on a park bench, she caused the Naruto time skip.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that when she stepped on the scale, her weight was OVER 9000!!!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that when she tried to captain a galaxy class they had to separate the saucer so she could fit.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that when she walks into a room the replicators stop working.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat that when she walks, she changes the earth's rotation!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat the Sorting Hat assigned her to the House of Pancakes.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat the core of her wand has a creame filling.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat the odds against not finding her fat are approximately 3,720 to 1.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat they'd have to use transfiguration to sneak her through the hole in the Gryffindor Tower.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, Choji told her to lose weight.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, Data feels strong emotions of disgust and self-terminates.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, Naruto couldn't make enough clones to see all sides of her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, her Patronus is a Double-Whopper with Cheese.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, it doesn't matter that the Tardis is bigger on the inside. She can't get through the door.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, she ate the Death Eaters.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, she got stuck trying to enter the Nexus.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, she looked in the mirror of Erised and saw a ham!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, she makes Hagrid look like 'Mini-me'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, she makes Vash look anorexic!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, she managed to contain a warp core breach.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, she scared L into giving up all sweets.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, she tried to eat Cornelius Fudge.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, she used the invisibility cloak as a bib.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, she walked in front of the TV and I missed three seasons of Inuyasha!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, she's bigger than both the outside AND the inside of the Tardis
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, that in an attempt to beam her up, the ship ended up being pulled down to the surface.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, the Cyberman DOWNgraded her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, the Doctor caught her eating his psychic paper, thinking it was a burger.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, the Pirate Planet tried to take her over.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fat, when she fell over, she punched a hole in the fabric of space/time.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so fit that she could run a marathon, teach a Zumba class AND climb Mount Everest without stopping to catch her breath once.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so flatulent that she forced the Mustafarians to wear masks!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so generous that she sponsors children in Africa, Asia AND South America!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so greasy that her face could free the U.S. from its dependence on foreign oil.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma's so greasy, on hot days she cooks bacon strips on her ass cheeks!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so hairy Naruto thought she was a Summon.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so hairy and ugly that she got used as Ashitare's stunt double.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so hairy that she has to go to Furfest to meet a man.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma's so hairy that she's got sideburns on her tits.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so healthy that medical textbooks use her x-rays to demonstrate what perfect bone structure should look like.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so hunchbacked, she can stand on her feet and her head at the same time.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so hunchbacked, she has to look up to tie her shoes.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so hunchbacked, she has to wear goggles to wash dishes.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so hunchbacked, she hits her head on speed bumps.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so lazy, she's a 'part-time' lord
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so lonely that she buys hot dogs and nuts wishing she could have sex with them.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so masculine that Dumbledore would sleep with her!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so nasty that the order of the phoenix was 'stay away from that woman!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so nasty, every pair of her panties has the Dark Mark on them.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so nasty, the Forbidden Forrest was named after her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so old and fat they use her wrinkles as set terrain for Dragon Ball Z.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so old even Guinan refers to her as 'old bag'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so old she gave Nicholas Flamel his first kiss.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so old she makes Dumbledore look like a teenager.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so old that she goes on carbon dates.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	1	Yo momma's so old, her boobs look like two upside down Sorting Hats!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so old, she used to babysit Dumbledore.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so old, when she breast feeds, people mistake her for a fog machine.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so pasty, she makes Ron Weasely look like George Hamilton.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so poor she can't even afford a Gringotts account.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so poor she had to go to the Weasley's for a loan.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so poor that Dobby gave her a sock to keep her foot warm.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so poor, that her doormat doesn't say 'welcome', it says 'welfare'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so popular that Facebook crashed on her birthday, because too many people posted wishes on her wall.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so promiscuous that electrons have a positive charge when they're around her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so round that she makes a Pokéball look flat!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so short that when she sat on the curb her feet didn't touch the ground.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so skanky that the reason you're called a Half-Blood Prince is because she has no idea who your father is!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so slow and dumb that she can be emulated on a 286.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so smart that an employee from Wikipedia calls her when they need to verify facts about 18th century political figures.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so smart, the hardest decision she's ever had to make was which college to accept a scholarship from - Harvard, Yale or Princeton!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so smelly, Bertie Bott made her his next jelly bean flavor.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stanky that not even dobby would accept one of her socks.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid she makes Tristan look like Einstein!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid she thinks Patronus is a kind of Tequlia.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid that her exchange particle is a 'moron'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid that she bought tickets to Xbox Live.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid that she got locked inside a motorcycle.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid that she thinks sub-prime is a way to cut steak.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid that she though Jar-Jar came with Pickles-Pickles.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid that she went to the dentist to get a bluetooth.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid that when Cassandra says 'Moisturize!', she begins to sweat.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid that when she broke her VCR, she bought a video tape on how to fix your VCR.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid that when the borg had to choose between assimilating her and a tree, they chose the tree.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid that whenever someone rings the doorbell, she checks the microwave.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid the Borg wouldn't assimilate her!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid, she drowned in a pensieve
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid, she thinks Sirius Black is a hip hop station on satellite radio.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so stupid, she thinks the G8 is a Value Meal at McDonald's.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so such a ho that she slept with me... therefore, I AM YOUR FATHER!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so tall, she can see her house from anywhere.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so tall, she did a push-up and burned her back on the sun.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so tall, she has to take out the driver's seat of her car and sit in the back to operate the vehicle.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so tall, she makes Shaquille O'Neal look like Gary Coleman.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so tall, she uses two 100-foot ladders as crutches.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly even Data would need special eye googles to look at her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly even a Ferengi would dress her in clothes.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly her Kazon hairdo is an improvement!
yo-mama	spicy	nsfw	1	Yo momma's so ugly she did the truly impossible: she made Captain James T Kirk's penis go limp.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly she scares the Dementors away.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly she turned the Basilisk to stone.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that Dalek's don't actually say 'Exterminate' when they see her, because they figure somebody else already got there first!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that Dr. Evazan looks like a male supermodel next to her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that Voldemort took one look at her and killed HIMSELF!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that Wuher said 'We don't serve your kind here'.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that as a baby they had to use the Confundus Charm so the family would play with her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that even Voldemort won't say her name.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that she lost a beauty contest to Mountain Troll.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that she made Loz cry.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that she made Spike Spiegel choke on his cigarette
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that she made doctor McCoy say 'Damnit Jim, I'm a doctor, not a Zoologist!'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that she makes Orochimaru look beautiful.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that she makes Sailor Bubba feel dirty.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that she's like a Death Note. Get someone to look at her, and they'll die!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that she's probably a Shi'ido Clawdite that stays in her regular form all the time.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that the Dementor's Kiss was swapped out for a hearty handshake and a promise to give her a call sometime.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that the term 'bantha poodoo' wasn't used metaphorically with reference to her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that the whomping willow saw her and died.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that when Captain Jack Harkness saw her, he actually died.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that when Kakashi looked directly at her, he lost an eye.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that when Nozomu Itoshiki saw her, he didn't even bother with his 'ZETSUBOUSHITA!' speech - he skipped straight to hanging himself.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that when she asked Crabbe to take her to the Yule Ball, he decided to go with Goyle instead!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that when she looks into the Tardis, the Tardis doesn't look into her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that when she walked into Gringotts Wizarding Bank, they gave her a job application.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that when the Daleks Exterminate her, it's not for domination.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that when the bassalisk snuck up on her and saw her face, HE dropped dead.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly that you could put lipstick on a pig and it would look ten times better than her!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly, Jiraiya saw her and turned gay!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly, Saya thought she was a Chiropteran.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly, even Tamaki wouldn't hit on her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly, even a Dementor wouldn't kiss her!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly, everybody calls her 'She-Who-Must-Not-Be-Naked'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly, she can't even get tentacle raped.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly, she thought that Hogwarts were the growth on her thigh.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so ugly, she's the real reason Sasuke left the village.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's so weak-minded that I got her to lead me to Jabba without using a jedi mind trick!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's such a drunk, that her sonic screwdriver is made of vodka and orange juice.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's such a good cook that her vegetable lasagna could be served as the featured item at a Michelin Star restaurant!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's such a ho that 'who's your daddy?' is a multiple-choice question.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's such a ho that even the noble gases are attracted to her.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's such a ho that she lets ANYONE enter her 'chamber of secrets'.
yo-mama	spicy	nsfw	1	Yo momma's such a hoe that the nickname for her vagina (Bad Wolf) is scattered across time and space.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's such a noisy hoe, her nickname is the sonic screwdriver!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's such a tramp that she's given more rides than the Hogwarts Express!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's such a tramp that she's like a quidditch broomstick - everyone gets a ride.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's teeth are so rotten that when she smiles it looks like she has dice in her mouth.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's teeth are so yellow that she spits butter!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's teeth are so yellow that traffic slows down when she smiles!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's teeth are so yellow that when she smiles everyone sings 'We're Walking on Sunshine.'
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's teeth are so yellow, when she smiles it looks like a Kraft Singles pack.
yo-mama	spicy	nsfw	1	Yo momma's the only mute prostitute in Hogsmeade. They call her 'dumb-le-whore'!
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's the reason that Dumbledore turned gay.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma's twice the man you are.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	Yo momma... 'nuff said.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	You suck... yo momma does too, but she charges.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	You'll never be the man Yo momma was.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	yo momma's breath is so stanky, she eats odour eaters.
yo-mama	spicy	edgy	0	yo mommas like a hardware store. 25 cents a screw.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	'I am' is reportedly the shortest sentence in the English language. Could it be that 'I do' is the longest sentence?
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Always do whatever's next.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	At a formal dinner party, the person nearest death should always be seated closest to the bathroom.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Atheism is a non-prophet organization.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	By and large, language is a tool for concealing the truth.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Death is caused by swallowing small amounts of saliva over a long period of time.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Dusting is a good example of the futility of trying to put things right. As soon as you dust, the fact of your next dusting has already been established.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Electricity is really just organized lightning.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Have you ever noticed that anybody driving slower than you is an idiot, and anyone going faster than you is a maniac?
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	I have as much authority as the Pope, I just don't have as many people who believe it.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	I recently went to a new doctor and noticed he was located in something called the Professional Building. I felt better right away.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	I think it would be interesting if old people got anti-Alzheimer's disease where they slowly began to recover other people's lost memories.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	I think people should be allowed to do anything they want. We haven't tried that for a while. Maybe this time it'll work.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older; then it dawned on me - they're cramming for their final exam.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman, 'Where's the self-help section?' She said if she told me, it would defeat the purpose.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	I would never want to be a member of a group whose symbol was a guy nailed to two pieces of wood.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	I'm always relieved when someone is delivering a eulogy and I realize I'm listening to it.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	I'm completely in favor of the separation of Church and State. My idea is that these two institutions screw us up enough on their own, so both of them together is certain death.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	I'm not concerned about all hell breaking loose, but that a PART of hell will break loose... it'll be much harder to detect.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	If it's true that our species is alone in the universe, then I'd have to say the universe aimed rather low and settled for very little.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	If we could just find out who's in charge, we could kill him.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	If you can't beat them, arrange to have them beaten.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	In comic strips, the person on the left always speaks first.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Inside every cynical person, there is a disappointed idealist.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Just cause you got the monkey off your back doesn't mean the circus has left town.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	May the forces of evil become confused on the way to your house.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Most people work just hard enough not to get fired and get paid just enough money not to quit.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Not only do I not know what's going on, I wouldn't know what to do about it if I did.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	One can never know for sure what a deserted area looks like.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	One tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	People who say they don't care what people think are usually desperate to have people think they don't care what people think.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Religion is just mind control.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Some people see things that are and ask, Why? Some people dream of things that never were and ask, Why not? Some people have to go to work and don't have time for all that.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Standing ovations have become far too commonplace. What we need are ovations where the audience members all punch and kick one another.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	The other night I ate at a real nice family restaurant. Every table had an argument going.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	The reason I talk to myself is that I'm the only one whose answers I accept.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	The status quo sucks.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	The very existence of flame-throwers proves that some time, somewhere, someone said to themselves, You know, I want to set those people over there on fire, but I'm just not close enough to get the job done.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	There are nights when the wolves are silent and only the moon howls.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	There's no present. There's only the immediate future and the recent past.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Think off-center.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Weather forecast for tonight: dark.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	Well, if crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire, what do freedom fighters fight? They never mention that part to us, do they?
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	What does it mean to pre-board? Do you get on before you get on?
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	When Thomas Edison worked late into the night on the electric light, he had to do it by gas lamp or candle. I'm sure it made the work seem that much more urgent.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	When someone is impatient and says, 'I haven't got all day,' I always wonder, How can that be? How can you not have all day?
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	When you step on the brakes your life is in your foot's hands.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	When you're born you get a ticket to the freak show. When you're born in America, you get a front row seat.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	You know an odd feeling? Sitting on the toilet eating a chocolate candy bar.
carlin	spicy	edgy	0	You know the good part about all those executions in Texas? Fewer Texans.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"ANYTHING THAT MAKES IT HARDER TO PEE IS ANTISLACK." ~ Sternodox
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"Any time you can tape record a fart, you should.*" ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs in a new 1991(!) memo
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"Bob" smoked it, I bought it, that settles it!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"But after I lick that toad day and night, it'll sure as hell look smooth to me." ~ Rev. Wilds ( Dobbstown initiation oath )
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"FREE THE DOBBSTOWN 2.71828!!!" ~ Batrix
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"From now on, as of this moment, you can do whatever you want."
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"From now on, as of this moment, you can do whatever you want." ~ Rev. Willie at Slack Attack Devival, Dallas
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"Give me Slack, or give me Apache helicopters, Sidewinder Missiles and nuclear warheads." ~ Rev. Ivan Stang getting all worked up on Hour of Slack radio broadcast
subgenius	spicy	edgy	1	"He's an asshole but even assholes have dreams." ~ Sam Lowry in BRAZIL "Mine certainly does." ~ "Bob"
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"How'd it be if J.R. "Bob" Dobbs gave you a molten lead enema as 'part of the satire'?" ~ Rev. Dr. Onan Canobite to hostile debunker caller
subgenius	spicy	edgy	1	"I am a man who pisses largely and frequently. This, they say, is a sign of great mental activity." ~ Henry Miller
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"I can handle it - I know when to quit. FASTER, NHEE GHEE, MORE REEFERS!!!" ~ Billy Samuels
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"I never leave until I bleed 'em out of house and Launch Pad." ~ Anonymous note (could be Cleve)
subgenius	spicy	edgy	1	"I think I'll just lie here and try to dream some more about the Planet of the Beautiful Blind Women." ~ an anonymous lonely SubGenius boy with his dick in his hand
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"I think, therefore I'm going to have breakfast." ~ Charles Fort ("Bob's" third cousin)
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"I'm afraid I just got no use at all for any god that's little enough to fit inside of some old PILL." ~ Nenslo 1990
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"I'm going to ask you to exercise glands you never knew existed." ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"I'm not into SubGenius for the religious aspect so much. I see the Church more as... genetic stuntmen." ~ St. Joe Riley
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"It's the bizarre idiots that act smart." ~ Rev. Capt. H. M. Smith
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"Learn to be a Connoisseur of the Obvious." ~ Clevecclesians 6:14
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"Real sex is Fats Domino. Bad sex is... Pat Boone." ~ Rev. Bleepo Abernathy
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"Should" ain't "is". ~ "Bob" talking to his son Adam Kadmon after Adam's first date
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"So I says to him, I says: "Look. Either we all come from monkeys or we're supposed to be like this, and I don't like it either way." And he says, "Ich verstehe nicht." So I killed him. ~ Rev. Dr. Chris Gross
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"SubGenius is the link between revolution and evolution." ~ Batrix
subgenius	spicy	nsfw	1	"The dicks you can't see are always longer." ~ Dobbs, 1957, in his cups in a bar after discovering his wife Connie had been having an affair.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"The difference between Heaven and Hell is which end of the pitchfork you're on." ~ Rev. Sheldon DeWehr
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"The toad may stand in the rain day and night, but its skin will never be smooth." ~ Malay proverb
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"There'll be no smoking in the gas chamber." ~ Jimi Hendrix
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"They'll take away my 'Frappy when they pry it out of my cold dead fingers." ~ Rev. Ivan Stang
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"Too much" is always better than not enough.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"WHO DIED AND MADE YOU GOD?" ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"What do you throw a Pink who's drowning in quicksand?" "His wife and child." ~ Boxholder
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"With great power there must also come - great hair and makeup!"
subgenius	spicy	general	0	"Without 'Frop I would go mad with ambition. I would beat my wife and kids. I believe in Salvation through 'Frop. If I 'Frop, it is so that others may live." ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
subgenius	spicy	edgy	1	"You do not fuck with a doktor unless he offers you the vaseline personally!" ~ G. Gordon Gordon
subgenius	spicy	general	0	(With pictures of confederate flag and US flag): My Pride Squirts White Stuff What Does Yours Do?
subgenius	spicy	general	0	* "But don't leave it by phone on a friend's answering machine, because you won't want your face near your mouthpiece again for the rest of the day."
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Act like a dumbshit and they'll treat you like an equal!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Any time you can tape record a fart, you should.* (1991(!) memo) (ibid) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
subgenius	spicy	general	0	As he knows, "Bob" is merely an enema for a constipated society. ~ Mark Mothersbaugh at Subcon 1981 or 1982, 7:09
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Bleeding Head Good, Healed Head Bad!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Do What Keepeth Thou from Wilting Shall Be the Loophole of The Law.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Don't forgive them, for they know exactly what they do.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Don't just eat a hamburger, eat the HELL outta it!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Don't just eat that hamburger, eat the HELL out of it!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Eternal Salvation
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Eternal salvation or triple your money back!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Everyone here is stupid.
subgenius	spicy	edgy	1	Fuck "Bob"! Praise Connie!
subgenius	spicy	edgy	1	Fuck 'em if they can't take a joke!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Give me (Slack, food, money, a job, etc.), or KILL ME!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Give me Slack, OR KILL ME!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Gooble gobble, gooble gobble, we accept you, one of us. -- Freaks (film, 1932)
subgenius	spicy	general	0	I always lie . . . and I'm always right.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	I am the global village idiot!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	I choose to believe in an afterlife only because it is too horrible to believe that such a cool stud as myself could be allowed to disappear from the universe. [Diary entry, age 15]
subgenius	spicy	general	0	I don't care! As "Bob" as my witness, I'm never gonna use that potty again! ~ Chuckie in "Chuckie vs. The Potty", episode of RugRats
subgenius	spicy	general	0	I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to!" ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
subgenius	spicy	general	0	I don't practice what I preach because I'm not the kind of person I'm preaching to.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	I think, therefore I'm going to have breakfast.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	I'd rather be caught twixt a pair of scrapping bobcats than two women trying to run the same house. -- J.D. "Jed" Clampett in Jed's Dilemma (episode inspired by Connie and Bobra Dobbs living in the same house)
subgenius	spicy	general	0	I'd rather be lucky than good any day.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	I'm going to ask you to exercise glands you never knew existed. (ibid) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
subgenius	spicy	general	0	I'm mad too, "Bob"!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	If humor is based on the misfortune of others, then I suppose you might call me the greatest comedian of all time.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	If it were not for the Discordians, I never would have set the Church loose on the world -- for I know that they will always be around to DESTROY IT if it gets OUT OF HAND. ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
subgenius	spicy	general	0	If you have no Pipe I will give you one; if you do not, I will take it away from you.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Ignore this fnord.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	In My Father's Midway Are Many Bumper Car Rides.
subgenius	spicy	edgy	1	Just because some jackass is an atheist doesn't mean that his prophets and gods are any less false.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Kill "Bob"!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Make them pay as much as they think they can afford. (1953) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Moses parted the Red Sea, Oppenheimer split the atom, but "Bob" cut the crap. ~ Steve Antczak
subgenius	spicy	nsfw	1	Nothing does the job like a Blow Job. -- (Bobra "B.J." Dobbs in ads for Blow Job hairdryers).
subgenius	spicy	general	0	PEE WEE HERMAN FOR PRESIDENT "Give us back our Willies!" ~ RAW
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Praise "Bob"!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Pull off your pants and roll in your own mistakes.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Pull the wool over your own eyes!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Relax in the safety of your own delusions!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Repent! Quit your job! Slack off!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Science does not remove the terror of The Gods!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	See "Bob"'s pretty slick. He's like the opposite of neutral. ~ Dr. Agon Fly at 2005 teX-DAY Survival Drill and Devival, 1.24
subgenius	spicy	edgy	1	Sometimes it takes an asshole to bring all your shit together." ~ JoX the Bobtist (1814 - 1941)
subgenius	spicy	general	0	The SubGenius must have Slack!
subgenius	spicy	nsfw	1	The dicks you can't see are always longer. (1957, in his cups in a bar after discovering his wife Connie had been having an affair.) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
subgenius	spicy	general	0	The love of "Bob" can kill normals. ~ Rev. Ivan Stang, "The Rant of Ivan Stang Nov. 9, 1985" 3.46
subgenius	spicy	general	0	The real role of the Church of the SubGenius is to completely destroy the Conspiracy of the Normals. But don't repeat that, ever. (July 1953) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
subgenius	spicy	general	0	The stupider it looks, the more important it probably is.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	The world ends tomorrow and you may die!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	There IS no God - but if you're any kind of real American, you'll demand that He treat you as an EQUAL.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	There IS no God - but if you're any kind of real American, you'll demand that He treat you as an EQUAL. ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs (Revelation X: The "Bob" Apocryphon, said to a child in 1956 at the dedication of the first Home for Slackless Children)
subgenius	spicy	general	0	There are two kinds of people in the world: those who say, "There are two kinds of people in the world: those who say there are two kinds of people in the world, and the other kind," and there's who don't say. Well, then there's me.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	They may be Pink, but their money's still green!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	This "Church of the SubGenius" is the best scam I ever pulled!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	WHO DIED AND MADE YOU GOD? (ibid) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Wanna know how dumb the average person is? Half of 'em are even dumber than THAT!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	Why NOT a Goat?
subgenius	spicy	general	0	You know how dumb the average person is? Well, by definition, half of 'em are even dumber than THAT.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	You must be saved, even if it kills you!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	You won't appreciate it if you don't pay for it. (1953, said to "Kitten" Anderson) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
subgenius	spicy	general	0	You'd PAY to know what you REALLY think. (1961) ~ J.R. "Bob" Dobbs
subgenius	spicy	general	0	You'll PAY to know what you REALLY think!
subgenius	spicy	general	0	[on capital punishment] Forgive them first... then kill them.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	[when asked if he was interested in discovering what was behind the Veil of Illusion] HELL no! I'm interested in what's behind the veil of ORDINARY REALITY.
subgenius	spicy	general	0	you may now stop reading forever!
RAW	spicy	general	0	"Is," "is." "is" - the idiocy of the word haunts me. If it were abolished, human thought might begin to make sense. I don't know what anything "is"; I only know how it seems to me at this moment. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	"Mind" is a tool invented by the universe to see itself; but it can never see all of itself, for much the same reason that you can't see your own back (without mirrors). ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	A monopoly on the means of communication may define a ruling elite more precisely than the celebrated Marxian formula of monopoly in the means of production. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	A true initiation never ends. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	All phenomena are real in some sense, unreal in some sense, meaningless in some sense, real and meaningless in some sense, unreal and meaningless in some sense, and real and unreal and meaningless in some sense. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	An Enlightened Master is ideal only if your goal is to become a Benighted Slave. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Animals outline their territories with their excretions, humans outline their territories by ink excretions on paper. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Belief is the death of intelligence. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Beyond a certain point, the whole universe becomes a continuous process of initiation. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Certitude belongs exclusively to those who only own one encyclopedia. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Consciousness itself is an infinite regress. This explains coincidences. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Conspiracy is just another name for coalition. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Cynics regarded everybody as equally corrupt... Idealists regarded everybody as equally corrupt, except themselves. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Each mans spills the drink he loves. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Ego is a social fiction for which one person at a time gets all the blame. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Every war results from the struggle for markets and spheres of influence, and every war is sold to the public by professional liars and totally sincere religious maniacs, as a Holy Crusade to save God and Goodness from Satan and Evil. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Everybody who has ever worked for a corporation knows that corporations conspire all the time. Politicians conspire all the time, pot-dealers conspire not to get caught by the narcs, the world is full of conspiracies. Conspiracy is natural primate behavior. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Everyone has a belief system, B.S., the trick is to learn not to take anyone's B.S. too seriously, especially your own. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Everyone look around and see if you can spot the NARCS. They're the ones who look like hippies. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Existence is larger than any model that is not itself the exact size of existence (which has no size...) ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Groups are grammatical fictions; only individuals exist, and each individual is different. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	History, sociology, economics, psychology et al. confirmed Joyce's view of Everyman as victim. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Horror is the natural reaction to the last 5,000 years of history. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Humans live through their myths and only endure their realities. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	I don't believe anything, but I have many suspicions. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	I have never experienced another human being. I have experienced my impressions of them. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	I look forward without dogmatic optimism but without dread. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	nsfw	1	I used to be an atheist, until I realized I had nothing to shout during blowjobs. "Oh Random Chance! Oh Random Chance!" just doesn't cut it.... ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	I'm not an anarchist any longer, because I've concluded that anarchism is an impractical ideal. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	If one can only see things according to one's own belief system, one is destined to become virtually deaf, dumb, and blind. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	It only takes 20 years for a liberal to become a conservative without changing a single idea. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	It's only possible to see people when one is able to see the world as others see it. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Most of our ancestors were not perfect ladies and gentlemen. The majority of them weren't even mammals. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Most people live in a myth and grow violently angry if anyone dares to tell them the truth about themselves. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	My goal is to try to get people into a state of generalized agnosticism, not about God alone, but agnosticism about everything. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Nobody sees the obvious, nobody observes the ordinary. There are more miracles in a square yard of earth than in all the fables of the Church. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Nothing of any importance can be taught. It can only be learned, and with blood and sweat. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	ONLY THE MADMAN IS ABSOLUTELY SURE. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Of course I'm crazy, but that doesn't mean I'm wrong. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	On a planet that increasingly resembles one huge Maximum Security prison, the only intelligent choice is to plan a jail break. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Once something becomes discernible, or understandable, we no longer need to repeat it. We can destroy it. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Philadelphia merely seems dull because it's next to exciting Camden, New Jersey. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Pregnancy is a kind of miracle. Especially so in that it proves that a man and woman can conspire to force God to create a new soul. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	Size is not a reality, but a construct of the mind; and space a construct to contain constructs. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The Constitution admittedly has a few defects and blemishes, but it still seems a hell of a lot better than the system we have now. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The Grail is the womb of the beloved. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The Right's view of government and the Left's view of big business are both correct. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The abandoned infant's cry is rage, not fear. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The average is that which no person quite ever is. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The basic technique of all my books. Ontology is the study of being; the guerrilla approach is to so mix the elements of each book that the reader must decide on each page 'How much of this is real and how much is a put-on?'" ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The border between the Real and the Unreal is not fixed, but just marks the last place where rival gangs of shamans fought each other to a standstill. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The current rampages of territorial-emotional pugnacity sweeping this planet are not just another civilization failing ... They are the birth-pangs of a cosmic Prometheus rising out of the long nightmare of domesticated primate history. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The function of Theology? The recitation of the incomprehensible by the unspeakable to pick the pockets of the unthinking. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The individual act of obedience is the cornerstone not only of the strength of authoritarian society but also of its weakness. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The longer one is alone, the easier it is to hear the song of the earth. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The path up is the path down. The way forward is the way back. The universe inside is outside but the universe outside is inside. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The totally convinced and the totally stupid have too much in common for the resemblance to be accidental. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The web of life is a beautiful and meaningless dance. The web of life is a process with a moving goal. The web of life is a perfectly finished work of art right where I am sitting now. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	The worst that can happen under monarchy is rule by a single imbecile, but democracy often means the rule by an assembly of three or four hundred imbeciles. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	There are gods, but there is no God; and all gods become devils eventually. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	There are periods of history when the visions of madmen and dope fiends are a better guide to reality than the common-sense interpretation of data available to the so-called normal mind. This is one such period, if you haven't noticed already. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	There is absolutely nothing that can be taken for granted in this world. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	There is no complete theory of anything. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	There is one universal sex law: Sex shall not be unregulated. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	We live in our fantasies and endure our realities. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	When the rose and the cross are united the alchemical marriage is complete and the drama ends. Then we wake from history and enter eternity. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	You are precisely as big as what you love and precisely as small as what you allow to annoy you. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	You know, I have found a new way to get high and stay spaced out for hours on end, and the government can't stop me... It's called senility. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
RAW	spicy	general	0	You simply cannot invent any conspiracy theory so ridiculous and obviously satirical that some people somewhere don't already believe it. ~ Robert Anton Wilson
