startrek	family	wisdom	general	0	A father doesn't destroy his children.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	A little suffering is good for the soul.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	A man either lives life as it happens to him, meets it head-on and licks it, or he turns his back on it and starts to wither away.
startrek	life	uplifting	general	0	A princess should not be afraid -- not with a brave knight to protect her.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	A star captain's most solemn oath is that he will give his life, even his entire crew, rather than violate the Prime Directive.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	A Vulcan can no sooner be disloyal than he can exist without breathing.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	A woman should have compassion.
startrek	society	quip	general	0	Actual war is a very messy business. Very, very messy business.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	After a time, you may find that "having" is not so pleasing a thing, after all, as "wanting." It is not logical, but it is often true.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ahead warp factor one, Mr. Sulu.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	All your people must learn before you can reach for the stars.
startrek	society	quip	general	0	Another Armenia, Belgium ... the weak innocents who always seem to be located on a natural invasion route.
startrek	life	dark	general	0	Another dream that failed. There's nothing sadder.
startrek	society	dark	general	0	Another war ... must it always be so? How many comrades have we lost in this way? ... Obedience. Duty. Death, and more death ...
startrek	society	observation	general	0	... bacteriological warfare ... hard to believe we were once foolish enough to play around with that.
startrek	arts	quip	general	0	Beam me up, Scotty!
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beam me up, Scotty! It ate my phaser!
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beam me up, Scotty, there's no intelligent life down here!
startrek	arts	quip	general	0	"Beauty is transitory." "Beauty survives."
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Behind every great man, there is a woman -- urging him on.
startrek	health-body	observation	general	0	Blast medicine anyway! We've learned to tie into every organ in the human body but one. The brain! The brain is what life is all about.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bones: "The man's DEAD, Jim!"
startrek	tech	tv-quote	general	0	But Captain -- the engines can't take this much longer!
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	But it's real. And if it's real it can be affected ... we may not be able to break it, but, I'll bet you credits to Navy Beans we can put a dent in it. -- deSalle, "Catspaw", stardate 3018.2
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	"Can you imagine how life could be improved if we could do away with jealousy, greed, hate ..." "It can also be improved by eliminating love, tenderness, sentiment -- the other side of the coin"
startrek	tech	quip	general	0	Captain's Log, star date 21:34.5...
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Change is the essential process of all existence.
startrek	tech	wisdom	general	0	Compassion -- that's the one things no machine ever had. Maybe it's the one thing that keeps men ahead of them.
startrek	tech	wisdom	general	0	Computers make excellent and efficient servants, but I have no wish to serve under them. Captain, a starship also runs on loyalty to one man. And nothing can replace it or him.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	Conquest is easy. Control is not.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dammit Jim, I'm an actor, not a doctor.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Death, when unnecessary, is a tragic thing.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	Death. Destruction. Disease. Horror. That's what war is all about. That's what makes it a thing to be avoided.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Deflector shields just came on, Captain.
startrek	love	tv-quote	general	0	Do you know about being with somebody? Wanting to be? If I had the whole universe, I'd give it to you, Janice. When I see you, I feel like I'm hungry all over. Do you know how that feels?
startrek	life	dark	general	0	[Doctors and Bartenders], We both get the same two kinds of customers -- the living and the dying.
startrek	love	aphorism	general	0	Each kiss is as the first.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Earth -- mother of the most beautiful women in the universe. -- Apollo, "Who Mourns for Adonais?" stardate 3468.1
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Either one of us, by himself, is expendable. Both of us are not.
startrek	science	quip	general	0	Emotions are alien to me. I'm a scientist.
startrek	society	observation	general	0	Even historians fail to learn from history -- they repeat the same mistakes.
startrek	science	aphorism	general	0	Every living thing wants to survive.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Evil does seek to maintain power by suppressing the truth." "Or by misleading the innocent." -- Spock and McCoy, "And The Children Shall Lead", stardate 5029.5.
startrek	life	observation	general	0	Extreme feminine beauty is always disturbing.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Fascinating is a word I use for the unexpected.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Fascinating, a totally parochial attitude.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	First study the enemy. Seek weakness.
startrek	life	dark	general	0	Four thousand throats may be cut in one night by a running man.
startrek	society	quip	general	0	"... freedom ... is a worship word..." "It is our worship word too."
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Genius doesn't work on an assembly line basis. You can't simply say, "Today I will be brilliant."
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Get back to your stations!" "We're beaming down to the planet, sir." -- Kirk and Mr. Leslie, "This Side of Paradise", stardate 3417.3
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hailing frequencies open, Captain.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	He's dead, Jim.
startrek	society	quip	general	0	History tends to exaggerate.
startrek	love	quip	general	0	Humans do claim a great deal for that particular emotion (love).
startrek	life	uplifting	general	0	I am pleased to see that we have differences. May we together become greater than the sum of both of us.
startrek	love	dark	general	0	I have never understood the female capacity to avoid a direct answer to any question.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	I object to intellect without discipline; I object to power without constructive purpose.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	I realize that command does have its fascination, even under circumstances such as these, but I neither enjoy the idea of command nor am I frightened of it. It simply exists, and I will do whatever logically needs to be done.
startrek	society	uplifting	general	0	"I think they're going to take all this money that we spend now on war and death --" "And make them spend it on life."
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	I thought my people would grow tired of killing. But you were right, they see it is easier than trading. And it has its pleasures. I feel it myself. Like the hunt, but with richer rewards.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	I'm a soldier, not a diplomat. I can only tell the truth.
startrek	life	dark	general	0	I'm frequently appalled by the low regard you Earthmen have for life.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	I've already got a female to worry about. Her name is the Enterprise.
startrek	family	wisdom	general	0	If a man had a child who'd gone anti-social, killed perhaps, he'd still tend to protect that child.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	If I can have honesty, it's easier to overlook mistakes.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	If some day we are defeated, well, war has its fortunes, good and bad.
startrek	life	dark	general	0	If there are self-made purgatories, then we all have to live in them.
startrek	life	dark	general	0	Immortality consists largely of boredom.
startrek	science	wisdom	general	0	In the strict scientific sense we all feed on death -- even vegetarians.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Insufficient facts always invite danger.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Insults are effective only where emotion is present. -- Spock, "Who Mourns for Adonais?" stardate 3468.1
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Intuition, however illogical, is recognized as a command prerogative.
startrek	love	tv-quote	general	0	Is not that the nature of men and women -- that the pleasure is in the learning of each other? -- Natira, the High Priestess of Yonada, "For the World is Hollow and I Have Touched the Sky", stardate 5476.3.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Is truth not truth for all? -- Natira, "For the World is Hollow and I have Touched the Sky", stardate 5476.4.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	It [being a Vulcan] means to adopt a philosophy, a way of life which is logical and beneficial. We cannot disregard that philosophy merely for personal gain, no matter how important that gain might be.
startrek	nature	observation	general	0	It is a human characteristic to love little animals, especially if they're attractive in some way.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	It is more rational to sacrifice one life than six.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	It is necessary to have purpose. -- Alice #1, "I, Mudd", stardate 4513.3
startrek	society	aphorism	general	0	It is undignified for a woman to play servant to a man who is not hers.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	It would be illogical to assume that all conditions remain stable.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	It would be illogical to kill without reason.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	It would seem that evil retreats when forcibly confronted.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Killing is stupid; useless!
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Killing is wrong.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kirk to Enterprise -- beam down yeoman Rand and a six-pack.
startrek	tech	quip	general	0	Klingon phaser attack from front!!!!! 100% Damage to life support!!!!
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	Knowledge, sir, should be free to all!
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Landru! Guide us!
startrek	society	quip	general	0	Leave bigotry in your quarters; there's no room for it on the bridge.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	"Life and death are seldom logical." "But attaining a desired goal always is."
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Live long and prosper.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Logic and practical information do not seem to apply here." "You admit that?" "To deny the facts would be illogical, Doctor"
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Lots of people drink from the wrong bottle sometimes.
startrek	love	aphorism	general	0	Love sometimes expresses itself in sacrifice.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Madness has no purpose. Or reason. But it may have a goal.
startrek	faith	observation	general	0	Many Myths are based on truth
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Men of peace usually are [brave].
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Men will always be men -- no matter where they are.
startrek	society	aphorism	general	0	Military secrets are the most fleeting of all.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mind your own business, Spock. I'm sick of your halfbreed interference.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Most legends have their basis in facts.
startrek	society	aphorism	general	0	Murder is contrary to the laws of man and God.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	No more blah, blah, blah!
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	No one can guarantee the actions of another.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	No one may kill a man. Not for any purpose. It cannot be condoned.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	"No one talks peace unless he's ready to back it up with war." "He talks of peace if it is the only way to live."
startrek	society	observation	general	0	No one wants war.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	No problem is insoluble.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Not one hundred percent efficient, of course ... but nothing ever is.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Oblivion together does not frighten me, beloved. -- Thalassa (in Anne Mulhall's body), "Return to Tomorrow", stardate 4770.3.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Oh, that sound of male ego. You travel halfway across the galaxy and it's still the same song.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	On my planet, to rest is to rest -- to cease using energy. To me, it is quite illogical to run up and down on green grass, using energy, instead of saving it.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	One does not thank logic.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	One of the advantages of being a captain is being able to ask for advice without necessarily having to take it.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Only a fool fights in a burning house.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Our missions are peaceful -- not for conquest. When we do battle, it is only because we have no choice.
startrek	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Our way is peace. -- Septimus, the Son Worshiper, "Bread and Circuses", stardate 4040.7.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pain is a thing of the mind. The mind can be controlled. -- Spock, "Operation -- Annihilate!" stardate 3287.2
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Peace was the way.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Phasers locked on target, Captain.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	Power is danger.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Prepare for tomorrow -- get ready.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Punishment becomes ineffective after a certain point. Men become insensitive.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Respect is a rational process
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Romulan women are not like Vulcan females. We are not dedicated to pure logic and the sterility of non-emotion.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Schshschshchsch.
startrek	tech	quip	general	0	She won' go Warp 7, Cap'n! The batteries are dead!
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Sometimes a feeling is all we humans have to go on.
startrek	life	observation	general	0	Sometimes a man will tell his bartender things he'll never tell his doctor.
startrek	science	tv-quote	general	0	Space: the final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship Enterprise. Its five-year mission: to explore strange new worlds; to seek out new life and new civilizations; to boldly go where no man has gone before.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spock: The odds of surviving another attack are 13562190123 to 1, Captain.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Spock: We suffered 23 casualties in that attack, Captain.
startrek	arts	quip	general	0	Star Trek Lives!
startrek	life	dark	general	0	Suffocating together ... would create heroic camaraderie.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Superior ability breeds superior ambition.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	"That unit is a woman." "A mass of conflicting impulses."
startrek	life	quip	general	0	The best diplomat I know is a fully activated phaser bank.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	"The combination of a number of things to make existence worthwhile." "Yes, the philosophy of 'none,' meaning 'all.'"
startrek	society	aphorism	general	0	The face of war has never changed. Surely it is more logical to heal than to kill.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	The games have always strengthened us. Death becomes a familiar pattern. We don't fear it as you do.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	"The glory of creation is in its infinite diversity." "And in the way our differences combine to create meaning and beauty."
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	The heart is not a logical organ.
startrek	science	observation	general	0	The idea of male and female are universal constants.
startrek	love	wisdom	general	0	The joys of love made her human and the agonies of love destroyed her.
startrek	work-money	quip	general	0	The man on tops walks a lonely street; the "chain" of command is often a noose.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	The more complex the mind, the greater the need for the simplicity of play.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	The only solution is ... a balance of power. We arm our side with exactly that much more. A balance of power -- the trickiest, most difficult, dirtiest game of them all. But the only one that preserves both sides.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	... The prejudices people feel about each other disappear when they get to know each other.
startrek	health-body	quip	general	0	"The release of emotion is what keeps us health. Emotionally healthy." "That may be, Doctor. However, I have noted that the healthy release of emotion is frequently unhealthy for those closest to you."
startrek	life	observation	general	0	The sight of death frightens them [Earthers].
startrek	love	aphorism	general	0	The sooner our happiness together begins, the longer it will last.
startrek	love	wisdom	general	0	... The things love can drive a man to -- the ecstasies, the miseries, the broken rules, the desperate chances, the glorious failures and the glorious victories.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	There are always alternatives.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	There are certain things men must do to remain men.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	There are some things worth dying for.
startrek	science	wisdom	general	0	There comes to all races an ultimate crisis which you have yet to face .... One day our minds became so powerful we dared think of ourselves as gods.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	There is a multi-legged creature crawling on your shoulder.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	There is an old custom among my people. When a woman saves a man's life, he is grateful. -- Nona, the Kanuto witch woman, "A Private Little War", stardate 4211.8.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	There is an order of things in this universe. -- Apollo, "Who Mourns for Adonais?" stardate 3468.1
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	There's a way out of any cage.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	There's another way to survive. Mutual trust -- and help.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	There's no honorable way to kill, no gentle way to destroy. There is nothing good in war. Except its ending.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	There's nothing disgusting about it [the Companion]. It's just another life form, that's all. You get used to those things.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	"There's only one kind of woman ..." "Or man, for that matter. You either believe in yourself or you don't."
startrek	life	observation	general	0	This cultural mystique surrounding the biological function -- you realize humans are overly preoccupied with the subject.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Those who hate and fight must stop themselves -- otherwise it is not stopped.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Time is fluid ... like a river with currents, eddies, backwash.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	To live is always desirable.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Too much of anything, even love, isn't necessarily a good thing.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Totally illogical, there was no chance.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	Uncontrolled power will turn even saints into savages. And we can all be counted on to live down to our lowest impulses.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	Violence in reality is quite different from theory.
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Virtue is a relative term.
startrek	society	tv-quote	general	0	Vulcans believe peace should not depend on force.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vulcans do not approve of violence.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vulcans never bluff.
startrek	faith	quip	general	0	Vulcans worship peace above all.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Wait! You have not been prepared!
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	War is never imperative.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	War isn't a good life, but it's life.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Warp 7 -- It's a law we can live with.
startrek	society	quip	general	0	We do not colonize. We conquer. We rule. There is no other way for us.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	We fight only when there is no other choice. We prefer the ways of peaceful contact.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	We have found all life forms in the galaxy are capable of superior development.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	We have phasers, I vote we blast 'em!
startrek	life	quip	general	0	"We have the right to survive!" "Not by killing others."
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	We Klingons believe as you do -- the sick should die. Only the strong should live.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	We'll pivot at warp 2 and bring all tubes to bear, Mr. Sulu!
startrek	work-money	observation	general	0	We're all sorry for the other guy when he loses his job to a machine. But when it comes to your job -- that's different. And it always will be different.
startrek	arts	quip	general	0	Well, Jim, I'm not much of an actor either.
startrek	tech	tv-quote	general	0	"What happened to the crewman?" "The M-5 computer needed a new power source, the crewman merely got in the way." -- Kirk and Dr. Richard Daystrom, "The Ultimate Computer", stardate 4731.3.
startrek	love	verse	general	0	What kind of love is that? Not to be loved; never to have shown love.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	"What terrible way to die." "There are no good ways."
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	When a child is taught ... its programmed with simple instructions -- and at some point, if its mind develops properly, it exceeds the sum of what it was taught, thinks independently.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Where there's no emotion, there's no motive for violence.
startrek	faith	quip	general	0	Witch! Witch! They'll burn ya!
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	Without facts, the decision cannot be made logically. You must rely on your human intuition.
startrek	society	wisdom	general	0	Without followers, evil cannot spread.
startrek	arts	wisdom	general	0	Without freedom of choice there is no creativity.
startrek	society	quip	general	0	Women are more easily and more deeply terrified ... generating more sheer horror than the male of the species.
startrek	society	observation	general	0	Women professionals do tend to over-compensate.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	Worlds are conquered, galaxies destroyed -- but a woman is always a woman.
startrek	faith	quip	general	0	Yes, it is written. Good shall always destroy evil.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	You are an excellent tactician, Captain. You let your second in command attack while you sit and watch for weakness.
startrek	life	wisdom	general	0	You can't evaluate a man by logic alone.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	You canna change the laws of physics, Captain; I've got to have thirty minutes!
startrek	society	tv-quote	general	0	You Earth people glorified organized violence for forty centuries. But you imprison those who employ it privately.
startrek	love	wisdom	general	0	You go slow, be gentle. It's no one-way street -- you know how you feel and that's all. It's how the girl feels too. Don't press. If the girl feels anything for you at all, you'll know.
startrek	life	quip	general	0	You humans have that emotional need to express gratitude. "You're welcome," I believe, is the correct response.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	You say you are lying. But if everything you say is a lie, then you are telling the truth. You cannot tell the truth because everything you say is a lie. You lie, you tell the truth ... but you cannot, for you lie. -- Norman the android, "I, Mudd", stardate 4513.3
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	You speak of courage. Obviously you do not know the difference between courage and foolhardiness. Always it is the brave ones who die, the soldiers. -- Kor, the Klingon Commander, "Errand of Mercy", stardate 3201.7
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	You! What PLANET is this!
startrek	love	uplifting	general	0	You'll learn something about men and women -- the way they're supposed to be. Caring for each other, being happy with each other, being good to each other. That's what we call love. You'll like that a lot.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	You're dead, Jim.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	You're too beautiful to ignore. Too much woman. -- Kirk to Yeoman Rand, "The Enemy Within", stardate unknown
startrek	life	aphorism	general	0	Youth doesn't excuse everything.
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	There's coffee in that nebula!
startrek	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dismissed. That's a Star Fleet expression for, "Get out."
startrek	life	quip	general	0	I said SHUT UP! As in close your mouth and stop talking!
