hackers	tech	general	0	"Engelbart did not think of the computer as merely improving human thinking, but as transforming the processes of our institutions in a more profound way..." ~ Janet H. Murray, "Inventing the Medium"
hackers	tech	general	0	"Engelbart has forever changed the way we do business in America." ~ Coors American Ingenuity Award, 1991
hackers	tech	general	0	"Engelbart's vision was [to] multiply the power of people and collaborators by creating systems that augment our intellect, humanity and creativity. His goal was to raise the human potential." ~ Samim Winiger & Roelof Pieters
hackers	tech	general	0	"How do you harness the collective intelligence of the world to solve urgent global problems? That's what Doug [Engelbart] was about." ~ Adam Cheyer
hackers	tech	general	0	"Human beings face ever more complex and urgent problems, and their effectiveness in dealing with these problems is a matter that is critical to the stability and continued progress of society." ~ Doug Engelbart, 1961
hackers	tech	general	0	"I don't know what Silicon Valley will do when it runs out of Doug [Engelbart]'s ideas." ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	"If ease of use was the only requirement, everybody would still be riding tricycles" ~ Doug Engelbart
hackers	tech	general	0	"In 20 or 30 years, you'll be able to hold in your hand as much computing knowledge as exists now in the whole city, or even the whole world." ~ Doug Engelbart
hackers	tech	general	0	"Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has." ~ Margaret Mead (see Source)
hackers	tech	general	0	"One never notices what has been done; one can only see what remains to be done." ~ Marie Curie
hackers	tech	general	0	"Our age of anxiety is the result of trying to do today's jobs with yesterday's tools" ~ Marshall McLuhan
hackers	tech	general	0	"Payoff will come when we make better use of computers to bring communities of people together and to augment the very human skills that people bring to bear on difficult problems." ~ Doug Engelbart
hackers	tech	general	0	"Perhaps the most basic challenge humanity faces is to awaken our capacity for collective knowing and conscious action so that we can respond successfully to the immense social and ecological difficulties that now confront us." ~ Duane Elgin, Author, Educator, Consultant
hackers	tech	general	0	"Technology should not aim to replace humans, rather amplify human capabilities." ~ Doug Engelbart
hackers	tech	general	0	"The astronomer's rule of thumb: if you didn't write it down, it didn't happen" ~ Clifford Stoll
hackers	tech	general	0	"The complexity of the problems facing mankind is growing faster than our ability to solve them" ~ Doug Engelbart
hackers	tech	general	0	"The digital revolution is far more significant than the invention of writing or even of printing." ~ Doug Engelbart
hackers	tech	general	0	"The great obstacle to discovering the shape of the earth, the continents and the ocean was not ignorance but the illusion of knowledge.." ~ Daniel J. Boorstin
hackers	tech	general	0	"The key thing about all the world's big problems is that they have to be dealt with collectively. If we don't get collectively smarter, we're doomed." ~ Doug Engelbart, 2006
hackers	tech	general	0	"The mouse was just a tiny piece of a much larger project, aimed at augmenting human intellect." ~ Doug Engelbart, inventor of the mouse
hackers	tech	general	0	"The rate at which a person can mature is directly proportional to the embarrassment he can tolerate" ~ Doug Engelbart
hackers	tech	general	0	"There's a double pressure on the evolution of every organization: how you evolve to be more capable and effective, and efficient, but also how you stay in synch with the rest of the environment." ~ Doug Engelbart
hackers	tech	general	0	"To improve our collective ability to solve the world's problems, we must harness the immense promise and power of technology." ~ Doug Engelbart
hackers	tech	general	0	"To remain indifferent to the challenges we face is indefensible. If the goal is noble, whether or not it is realized within our lifetime is largely irrelevant. What we must do therefore is to strive and persevere and never give up." ~ Dalai Lama XIV
hackers	tech	general	0	"We cannot solve our problems with the same thinking we used when we created them." ~ Albert Einstein
hackers	tech	general	0	"We need to train people in an entirely new set of 21st Century skills, which are in fact the oldest skills: communication, collaboration, empathy, respect and how to overcome cultural boundaries." ~ Toomas Hendrick Ilves, the fourth President of Estonia
hackers	tech	general	0	"Work he did 25 years ago is still at the cutting edge . . . and his organizational ideas are at least as profound." ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	(Refering to his conclusion to the Barber paradox or Russell's paradox.) Probably I am very naive, but I also think I prefer to remain so, at least for the time being and perhaps for the rest of my life. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	A common fallacy is to assume authors of incomprehensible code will be able to express themselves clearly in comments.
hackers	tech	general	0	A commune is where people join together to share their lack of wealth. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	A computer shall not harm your work or, through inaction, allow your work to come to harm. ~ Jef Raskin
hackers	tech	general	0	A computer shall not waste your time or require you to do more work than is strictly necessary. ~ Jef Raskin
hackers	tech	general	0	A convincing demonstration of correctness being impossible as long as the mechanism is regarded as a black box, our only hope lies in not regarding the mechanism as a black box. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	A list is only as strong as its weakest link. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	A new release of Plan 9 happened in June, and at about the same time a new release of the Inferno system, which began here, was announced by Vita Nuova. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	A picture may be worth a thousand words, a formula is worth a thousand pictures. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	A well installed microcode bug will be almost impossible to detect. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection. It is the language of the future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation of coding bums. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	About the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt axe. It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	Accusations against innocent people happen with terrible regularity, and the danger of false convictions is immense. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	After all, C++ isn't a perfect match for Java's design aims either. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	All governments should be pressured to correct their abuses of human rights. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	All the companies I've worked for have this deep problem of devolving to something like the hunting and gathering cultures of 100,000 years ago. If businesses could find a way to invent 'agriculture,' we could put the world back together and all would prosper. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	Also, because schools must teach the spirit of goodwill, the habit of helping others around you, every class should have this rule: students, if you bring software to class you may not keep it for yourself. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	An algorithm must be seen to be believed. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	An interface is humane if it is responsive to human needs and considerate of human frailties. ~ Jef Raskin
hackers	tech	general	0	Android is a major step towards an ethical, user-controlled, free-software portable phone, but there is a long way to go. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Android is very different from the GNU/Linux operating system because it contains very little of GNU. Indeed, just about the only component in common between Android and GNU/Linux is Linux, the kernel. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Any editing, software work, and mail is done in this exported Plan 9. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand. ~ Martin Fowler
hackers	tech	general	0	Anything that prevents you from being friendly, a good neighbour, is a terror tactic. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Anytime you want to hear about graph partitioning, I will be glad to tell you what I know about graph partitioning. It remains a standard problem. I think it's an interesting problem, because it shows up in a variety of guises in real life. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	Around 1967 Dan Bobrow wrote a program to do algebra problems based on symbols rather than numbers. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	As a result of a long sequence of coincidences I entered the programming profession officially on the first spring morning of 1952, and as far as I have been able to trace, I was the first Dutchman to do so in my country. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	As far as Apple goes, it was a different company every few years from the time I joined in 1984. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	As far as the customer is concerned, the interface is the product. ~ Jef Raskin
hackers	tech	general	0	At least for the people who send me mail about a new language that they're designing, the general advice is: do it to learn about how to write a compiler. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	At the same time, much of it seems to have to do with recreating things we or others had already done; it seems rather derivative intellectually; is there a dearth of really new ideas? ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about data structures and their relationships.
hackers	tech	general	0	Because I don't believe that it's really desirable to have security on a computer, I shouldn't be willing to help uphold the security regime. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Because people don't understand what computing is about, they think they have it in the iPhone, and that illusion is as bad as the illusion that 'Guitar Hero' is the same as a real guitar. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	Bell Labs was an astonishing place for many decades, though it fell on somewhat hard times during the telecom meltdown some years ago, as its corporate owner had to cope with shrinking markets. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	Besides a mathematical inclination, an exceptionally good mastery of one's native tongue is the most vital asset of a competent programmer. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	British book publishers plan to put a microchip into every book to record who owns it - an unprecedented surveillance measure. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	By the way, I hope you all know about the worldwide boycott of Coca Cola company for things like murdering union organizers in Colombia. See the site killercoke.org. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	By the way, it was his simulations that helped out in Jurassic Park - without them, there would have been only a few dinosaurs. Based on his techniques, Industrial Light and Magic could make whole herds of dinosaurs race across the screen. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	C is peculiar in a lot of ways, but it, like many other successful things, has a certain unity of approach that stems from development in a small group. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	C was already implemented on several quite different machines and OSs, Unix was already being distributed on the PDP-11, but the portability of the whole system was new. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	C++ and Java, say, are presumably growing faster than plain C, but I bet C will still be around. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	CD stores have the disadvantage of an expensive inventory, but digital bookshops would need no such thing: they could write copies at the time of sale on to memory sticks, and sell you one if you forgot your own. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Certainly not every good program is object-oriented, and not every object-oriented program is good. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	Clearly, I reject the view that there is one way that is right for everyone and for every problem. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	Comprehensiveness is the enemy of comprehensibility ~ Martin Fowler
hackers	tech	general	0	Computer science inverts the normal. In normal science, you're given a world, and your job is to find out the rules. In computer science, you give the computer the rules, and it creates the world. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	Computers force us into creating with our minds and prevent us from making things with our hands. They dull the skills we use in everyday life. ~ Clifford Stoll
hackers	tech	general	0	Computers in classrooms are the filmstrips of the 1990s. ~ Clifford Stoll
hackers	tech	general	0	Context is worth 80 IQ points. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	Control over the use of one's ideas really constitutes control over other people's lives; and it is usually used to make their lives more difficult. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Copying all or parts of a program is as natural to a programmer as breathing, and as productive. It ought to be as free. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Creativity can be a social contribution, but only in so far as society is free to use the results. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Data is not information, information is not knowledge, knowledge is not understanding, understanding is not wisdom. ~ Clifford Stoll
hackers	tech	general	0	Debugging is like being the detective in a crime movie where you are also the murderer.
hackers	tech	general	0	Defining OO as based on the use of class hierarchies and virtual functions is also practical in that it provides some guidance as to where OO is likely to be successful. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	Dynamic typing is not necessarily good. You get static errors at run time, which you really should be able to catch at compile time. ~ Rob Pike
hackers	tech	general	0	Elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a quality that decides between success and failure. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	Even though most people won't be directly involved with programming, everyone is affected by computers, so an educated person should have a good understanding of how computer hardware, software, and networks operate. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	Every language teaches you something, so learning a language is never wasted, especially if it's different in more than just syntactic trivia. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	Everyday life is like programming, I guess. If you love something you can put beauty into it. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	FORTRAN's tragic fate has been its wide acceptance, mentally chaining thousands and thousands of programmers to our past mistakes. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	FORTRAN, 'the infantile disorder', by now nearly 20 years old, is hopelessly inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today: it is now too clumsy, too risky, and too expensive to use. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	Facebook collects a lot of data from people and admits it. And it also collects data which isn't admitted. And Google does too. As for Microsoft, I don't know. But I do know that Windows has features that send data about the user. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Facebook is not your friend, it is a surveillance engine. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Fighting patents one by one will never eliminate the danger of software patents, any more than swatting mosquitoes will eliminate malaria. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	First, I'd like to see the basic tools such as compilers, debuggers, profilers, database interfaces, GUI builders, CAD tools, and so forth fully support the ISO standard. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	For better or worse, the people who become leaders and decision makers in politics, law and business are going to come from schools like Princeton. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	For infrastructure technology, C will be hard to displace. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	Free software is software that respects your freedom and the social solidarity of your community. So it's free as in freedom. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Free software' is a matter of liberty, not price. To understand the concept, you should think of 'free' as in 'free speech,' not as in 'free beer'. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	GNU, which stands for Gnu's Not Unix, is the name for the complete Unix-compatible software system which I am writing so that I can give it away free to everyone who can use it. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Geeks like to think that they can ignore politics, you can leave politics alone, but politics won't leave you alone. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Give someone a program, you frustrate them for a day; teach them how to program, you frustrate them for a lifetime.
hackers	tech	general	0	Giving the Linus Torvalds Award to the Free Software Foundation is a bit like giving the Han Solo Award to the Rebel Alliance. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Globalizing a bad thing makes it worse. But globalizing a good thing is usually good. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Go is an attempt to combine the safety and performance of statically typed languages with the convenience and fun of dynamically typed interpretative languages. ~ Rob Pike
hackers	tech	general	0	God is a challenge because there is no proof of his existence and therefore the search must continue. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	Grant, if we edited Fortran, I assume that you'd put a column thing in there. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	Having an intelligent secretary does not get rid of the need to read, write, and draw, etc. In a well functioning world, tools and agents are complementary. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	How do we convince people that in programming simplicity and clarity ~in short: what mathematicians call "elegance" ~ are not a dispensable luxury, but a crucial matter that decides between success and failure? ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	However, when Java is promoted as the sole programming language, its flaws and limitations become serious. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	I also have an idea for a book on biodiversity, and why and how we should be conserving it. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	I am a programmer. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	I am a very bottom-up thinker. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	I believed in realism, as summarized by John McCarthy's comment to the effect that if we worked really hard, we'd have an intelligent system in from four to four hundred years. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	I can't recall any difficulty in making the C language definition completely open - any discussion on the matter tended to mention languages whose inventors tried to keep tight control, and consequent ill fate. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	I consider that the golden rule requires that if I like a program I must share it with other people who like it. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	I could have made money this way, and perhaps amused myself writing code. But I knew that at the end of my career, I would look back on years of building walls to divide people, and feel I had spent my life making the world a worse place. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	I currently use Ubuntu Linux, on a standalone laptop - it has no Internet connection. I occasionally carry flash memory drives between this machine and the Macs that I use for network surfing and graphics; but I trust my family jewels only to Linux. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	I decry the current tendency to seek patents on algorithms. There are better ways to earn a living than to prevent other people from making use of one's contributions to computer science. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	I did write some code in Java once, but that was the island in Indonesia. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	I figure that since proprietary software developers use copyright to stop us from sharing, we cooperators can use copyright to give other cooperators an advantage of their own: they can use our code. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	I find languages that support just one programming paradigm constraining. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	I fix things now and then, more often tweak HTML and make scripts to do things. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	I found it tremendously humiliating to be there because most of the kids there were brain dead or psychotic. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	I founded the free software movement, a movement for freedom to cooperate. Open source was a reaction against our idealism. We are still here and the open-source people have not wiped us out. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	I had spent the summer of 1966 working at MIT in the group that was the MIT component of the Multics effort. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	I had the fortune or misfortune to learn how to read fluently starting at the age of three. So I had read maybe 150 books by the time I hit 1st grade. And I already knew that the teachers were lying to me. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	I have not seen anyone assume that all the citizens of New York are guilty of murder, violence, robbery, perjury, or writing proprietary software. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	I have to keep up with the scientific literature as part of my job, but increasingly I found myself reading things that weren't really relevant to my academic work, but were relevant to gardening. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	I heard that the same thing occurred in a scene in Alien, where the creature pops out of the chest of a crewman. The other actors didn't know what was to happen; the director wanted to get true surprise. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	I mean, if 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick and dirty, you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your shoulders and say to yourself "Dijkstra would not have liked this", well, that would be enough immortality for me. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	I never imagined that the Free Software Movement would spawn a watered-down alternative, the Open Source Movement, which would become so well-known that people would ask me questions about 'open source' thinking that I work under that banner. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	I partly agree with the underlying message that people should take charge and solve problems, rather than just cast blame on others. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	I really enjoyed Princeton as a graduate student. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	I seem to get totally wrapped up in teaching and working with students during the school year. During the summer, I try to spend time in the real world, writing code for therapy and perhaps for some useful purpose. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	I still have a full-time day job, which is why it took me five years to write An Ear to the Ground, and why I won't have another book finished by next week. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	I suppose many people will continue moving towards careless computing, because there's a sucker born every minute. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	I think Lenat is headed in the right direction, but someone needs to include a knowledge base about learning. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	I think of the company advertising "Thought Processors" or the college pretending that learning BASIC suffices or at least helps, whereas the teaching of BASIC should be rated as a criminal offence: it mutilates the mind beyond recovery. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	I think the major good idea in Unix was its clean and simple interface: open, close, read, and write. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	I want students to understand specific technologies, but the real goal is that they should be able to reason about how systems work and be intelligently skeptical about technology so that, when they're running the world in a few years, they'll do a good job. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	I wanted to avoid, special IO for terminals. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	I wanted to have virtual memory, at least as it's coupled with file systems. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	I wanted to separate data from programs, because data and instructions are very different. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	I would encourage nonproprietary standards for tools and libraries. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	I'm always happy when I'm protesting. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	I'm just an observer of Java, and where Microsoft wants to go with C# is too early to tell. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	I'm not a person who particularly had heros when growing up. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	I'm obsessively detail-oriented. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	I'm the last survivor of a dead culture. And I don't really belong in the world anymore. And in some ways I feel I ought to be dead. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	I'm trying to change the way people approach knowledge and information in general. I think that to try to own knowledge, to try to control whether people are allowed to use it, or to try to stop other people from sharing it, is sabotage. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	I've been a Fellow in a number of companies: Xerox, Apple, Disney, HP. There are certain similarities because all the Fellows programs were derived from IBM's, which itself was derived from the MIT 'Institute Professor' program. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	I've done a reasonable amount of travelling, which I enjoyed, but not for too long at a time. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	I've never been a good estimator of how long things are going to take. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	I've read that male dolphins try to have sex with humans, and female apes solicit sex from humans. What is wrong with giving them what they want, if that's what turns you on, or even just to gratify them? ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Idiots can be defeated but they never admit it. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	If carpenters made buildings the way programmers make programs, the first woodpecker to come along would destroy all of civilization.
hackers	tech	general	0	If ebooks mean that readers' freedom must either increase or decrease, we must demand the increase. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	If in my lifetime the problem of non-free software is solved, I could perhaps relax and write software again. But I might instead try to help deal with the world's larger problems. Standing up to an evil system is exhilarating, and now I have a taste for it. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	If programmers deserve to be rewarded for creating innovative programs, by the same token they deserve to be punished if they restrict the use of these programs. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	If there is a Like button in a page, Facebook knows who visited that page. And it can get IP address of the computer visiting the page even if the person is not a Facebook user. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	If you don't fail at least 90 percent of the time, you're not aiming high enough. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	If you don't have an E-mail address, you're in the Netherworld. If you don't have your own World Wide Web page, you're a nobody. ~ Clifford Stoll
hackers	tech	general	0	If you don't understand viruses, phishing, and similar threats, you become more susceptible to them. If you don't know how social networks leak information that you thought was private, you're likely to reveal much more than you realize. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	If you focus your mind on the freedom and community that you can build by staying firm, you will find the strength to do it. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	If you optimize everything, you will always be unhappy. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	If you use a proprietary program or somebody else's web server, you're defenceless. You're putty in the hands of whoever developed that software. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	If you want more effective programmers, you will discover that they should not waste their time debugging, they should not introduce the bugs to start with. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	If you want to accomplish something in the world, idealism is not enough - you need to choose a method that works to achieve the goal. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	If you want to go somewhere, goto is the best way to get there. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining. ~ Jef Raskin
hackers	tech	general	0	In college, before video games, we would amuse ourselves by posing programming exercises. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	In essence, Chrome OS is the GNU/Linux operating system. However, it is delivered without the usual applications, and rigged up to impede and discourage installing applications. I'd say the problem is in the nature of the job ChromeOS is designed to do. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	In essence, Chrome OS is the GNU/Linux operating system. However, it is delivered without the usual applications, and rigged up to impede and discourage installing applications. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	In fact what I would like to see is thousands of computer scientists let loose to do whatever they want. That's what really advances the field. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	In fact, we started off with two or three different shells and the shell had life of its own. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	In general we are least aware of what our minds do best. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	In practice, the copyright system does a bad job of supporting authors, aside from the most popular ones. Other authors' principal interest is to be better known, so sharing their work benefits them as well as readers. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	In terms of effect on the world, it's very good that I've lived. And so I guess, if I could go back in time and prevent my birth, I wouldn't do it. But I sure wish I hadn't had so much pain. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	In the commercial world, you have this problem that the amount of research you can do in a company is based on how well your current business is going, whereas there actually should be an inverse relationship: when things are going worse, you should do more research. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	In the free/libre software movement, we develop software that respects users' freedom, so we and you can escape from software that doesn't. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	In the good old days physicists repeated each other's experiments, just to be sure. Today they stick to FORTRAN, so that they can share each other's programs, bugs included. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	In the old days, you would chastise people for reinventing the wheel. Now we beg, 'Oh, please, please reinvent the wheel.' ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	It doesn't take special talents to reproduce--even plants can do it. On the other hand, contributing to a program like Emacs takes real skill. That is really something to be proud of. It helps more people, too. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	It is easy to study the rules of overloading and of templates without noticing that together they are one of the keys to elegant and efficient type-safe containers. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	It is not the task of the University to offer what society asks for, but to give what society needs. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	It is only the inadequacy of the criminal code that saves the hackers from very serious prosecution. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	It is practically impossible to teach good programming to students that have had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	It is time to unmask the computing community as a Secret Society for the Creation and Preservation of Artificial Complexity. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	It's always good to take an orthogonal view of something. It develops ideas. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	It's clear that other problems such as [...] the domination of business over government, science, thought, and society, are much bigger than non-free software. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	It's hard to change information in books, but if we have everything online, then a somewhat untrustworthy group of people controlling the thing - which I think is what we have - gives us '1984.' ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	It's important to be informed about issues like usability, reliability, security, privacy, and some of the inherent limitations of computers. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	Kubrick's vision seemed to be that humans are doomed, whereas Clarke's is that humans are moving on to a better stage of evolution. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	Laws that oppress people have no moral authority ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Let us change our traditional attitude to the construction of programs. Instead of imagining that our main task is to instruct a computer what to do, let us concentrate rather on explaining to human beings what we want a computer to do. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	Many users of the GNU/Linux system will not have heard the ideas of free software. They will not be aware that we have ideas, that a system exists because of ethical ideals, which were omitted from ideas associated with the term 'open source.' ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	May, in spite of all distractions generated by technology, all of you succeed in turning information into knowledge, knowledge into understanding, and understanding into wisdom. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	Merely that I have a World Wide Web page does not give me any power, any abilities, nor any status in the real world. ~ Clifford Stoll
hackers	tech	general	0	Modeling Principle: Models are not right or wrong; they are more or less useful. ~ Martin Fowler
hackers	tech	general	0	Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	Much of the essence of building a program is in fact the debugging of the specification.
hackers	tech	general	0	My favorite programming languages are Lisp and C. However, since around 1992 I have worked mainly on free software activism, which means I am too busy to do much programming. Around 2008 I stopped doing programming projects. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	My general working style is to write everything first with pencil and paper, sitting beside a big wastebasket. Then I use Emacs to enter the text into my machine. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	My list of basic tools is a partial answer to the question about what has changed: Over the past few years, large numbers of programmers have come to depend on elaborate tools to interface code with systems facilities. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	My point today is that, if we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them as "lines produced" but as "lines spent": the current conventional wisdom is so foolish as to book that count on the wrong side of the ledger. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	No amount of source-level verification or scrutiny will protect you from using untrusted code. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	No computer has ever been designed that is ever aware of what it's doing; but most of the time, we aren't either. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	No matter how non-technical your life and work, you're going to have to interact with technology and technical people. If you know something about how devices and systems operate, it's a big advantage. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	No matter what, the way to learn to program is to write code and rewrite it and see it used and rewrite again. Reading other people's code is invaluable as well. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	No person, no idea, and no religion deserves to be illegal to insult, not even the Church of Emacs. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Obviously, the person who had most influence on my career was Ken Thompson. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	Odious ideas are not entitled to hide from criticism behind the human shield of their believers feelings. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Officially, MPAA stands for Motion Picture Association of America, but I suggest that MPAA stands for Malicious Power Attacking All. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Often designers do complicated things that improve the capacity on a particular hardware platform when it might actually be cheaper to buy more hardware. ~ Martin Fowler (2012) Patterns of Enterprise Application Architecture
hackers	tech	general	0	Often you'll see the same three or four data items together in lots of places: fields in a couple of classes, parameters in many method signatures. Bunches of data that hang around together really ought to be made into their own object. ~ Martin Fowler
hackers	tech	general	0	On the one hand, the press, television, and movies make heroes of vandals by calling them whiz kids. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	Once GNU is written, everyone will be able to obtain good system software free, just like air. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Once the product's task is known, design the interface first; then implement to the interface design. ~ Jef Raskin
hackers	tech	general	0	Once when I was standing at the base, they started rotating the set and a big, heavy wrench fell down from the 12 o'clock position of the set, and got buried in the ground a few feet from me. I could have been killed! ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	One is that the perfect garden can be created overnight, which it can't. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	One of my most productive days was throwing away 1,000 lines of code. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	One of the obvious things that went wrong with Multics as a commercial success was just that it was sort of over-engineered in a sense. There was just too much in it. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	One reason you should not use web applications to do your computing is that you lose control. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Open source is a development methodology; free software is a social movement. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Our mailing lists (and their repeater newsgroups) are only for the purpose of promoting proprietary software. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Over the past several years, I've been more in a managerial role. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	Paying isn't wrong, and being paid isn't wrong. Trampling other people's freedom and community is wrong, so the free software movement aims to put an end to it, at least in the area of software. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	People get the government their behavior deserves. People deserve better than that. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	People sometimes ask me if it is a sin in the Church of Emacs to use vi. Using a free version of vi is not a sin; it is a penance. So happy hacking. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	People think that computer science is the art of geniuses but the actual reality is the opposite, just many people doing things that build on eachother, like a wall of mini stones. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	People who are more than casually interested in computers should have at least some idea of what the underlying hardware is like. Otherwise the programs they write will be pretty weird. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	People who are really serious about software should make their own hardware. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	People who passionately want to believe that the world is basically simple react to this with a fury that goes beyond what I consider appropriate for discussing a programming language. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	Personally, I look forward to better tools for analyzing C++ source code. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	Perspective is worth 80 IQ points. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	Playfully doing something difficult, whether useful or not, that is hacking. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Pretty much everything on the web uses those two things: C and UNIX. The browsers are written in C. The UNIX kernel - that pretty much the entire Internet runs on - is written in C. ~ Rob Pike
hackers	tech	general	0	Prior art is as effective as US soldiers in Iraq: They control the ground they stand on, and nothing more. I used to say Vietnam, but, well, you know... ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Program testing can be a very effective way to show the presence of bugs, but it is hopelessly inadequate for showing their absence. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	Program testing can be used to show the presence of bugs, but never to show their absence! ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	Programming is not a science. Programming is a craft. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Programming is one of the most difficult branches of applied mathematics; the poorer mathematicians had better remain pure mathematicians. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	Programming language is very specific to instructing a computer to do a particular structure of a sequence. It's the very way you tell the machine what you want it to do. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	Proprietary software is an injustice. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Proprietary software tends to have malicious features. The point is with a proprietary program, when the users don't have the source code, we can never tell. So you must consider every proprietary program as potential malware. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Quite a few people have to believe something is normal before it becomes normal - a sort of 'voting' situation. But once the threshold is reached, then everyone demands to do whatever it is. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	Rather than bringing me closer to others, the time that I spend online isolates me from the most important people in my life, my family, my friends, my neighbourhood, my community. ~ Clifford Stoll
hackers	tech	general	0	Right now, computers, which are supposed to be our servant, are oppressing us. ~ Jef Raskin
hackers	tech	general	0	Science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. Art is everything else we do. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	Science requires a society because even people who are trying to be good thinkers love their own thoughts and theories - much of the debugging has to be done by others. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	Several people have told me that my inability to suffer fools gladly is one of my main weaknesses. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	Sharing is good, and with digital technology, sharing is easy. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Sharing knowledge is the most fundamental act of friendship. Because it is a way you can give something without loosing something. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Simplicity is a great virtue but it requires hard work to achieve it and education to appreciate it. And to make matters worse: complexity sells better. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	Snow is so beautiful, it doesn't have to be useful. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	So maybe I can go back to being a Gardeners' World addict again. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	So, make a real effort to avoid getting sucked into all the expensive lifestyle habits of typical Americans. Because if you do that, then people with the money will dictate what you do with your life. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Societies need rules that make no sense for individuals. For example, it makes no difference whether a single car drives on the left or on the right. But it makes all the difference when there are many cars! ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	Software patents are dangerous to software developers because they impose monopolies on software ideas. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Some people worry that artificial intelligence will make us feel inferior, but then, anybody in his right mind should have an inferiority complex every time he looks at a flower. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	Somebody is saying this is inevitable - and whenever you hear somebody saying that, it's very likely to be a set of businesses campaigning to make it true. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Stanley Kubrick knew we had good graphics around MIT and came to my lab to find out how to do it. We had some really good stuff. I was very impressed with Kubrick; he knew all the graphics work I had ever heard of, and probably more. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	Steve Jobs, the pioneer of the computer as a jail made cool, designed to sever fools from their freedom, has died. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Steve was perfectly aware of the Dynabook. That was one of the reasons he wanted me to come to Apple. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	Technology at present is covert philosophy; the point is to make it openly philosophical. ~ Phil Agre
hackers	tech	general	0	Technology is anything that wasn't around when you were born. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	Technology is mostly a force for good, but it has its downsides, too. I want my students - and my readers - to be intelligently skeptical about technology and be informed about the good and the not-so-good parts. ~ Brian Kernighan
hackers	tech	general	0	Testing shows the presence, not the absence of bugs ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	Thank goodness we don't have only serious problems, but ridiculous ones as well. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	That brings me to Dennis Ritchie. Our collaboration has been a thing of beauty. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	The Adobe flash plug-in is non-free software, and people should not install it, or suggest installing it, or even tell people it exists. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	The GNU GPL was not designed to be "open source". ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	The Internet is a telephone system that's gotten uppity. ~ Clifford Stoll
hackers	tech	general	0	The X server has to be the biggest program I've ever seen that doesn't do anything for you. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	The act of describing a program in unambiguous detail and the act of programming are one and the same.
hackers	tech	general	0	The average gardener probably knows little about what is going on in his or her garden. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	The basic idea in case-based, or CBR, is that the program has stored problems and solutions. Then, when a new problem comes up, the program tries to find a similar problem in its database by finding analogous aspects between the problems. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	The best way to predict the future is to invent it. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	The competent programmer is fully aware of the strictly limited size of his own skull; therefore he approaches the programming task in full humility, and among other things he avoids clever tricks like the plague. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	The computer industry is the only industry that is more fashion-driven than women's fashion. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	The definition I use for pattern is an idea that has been useful in one practical context and will probably be useful in others ~ Martin Fowler
hackers	tech	general	0	The desire to be rewarded for one's creativity does not justify depriving the world in general of all or part of that creativity. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	The effective exploitation of his powers of abstraction must be regarded as one of the most vital activities of a competent programmer. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	The free world welcomes Sun's decision to use the Free Software Foundation's GPL. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	The hardest thing is to go to sleep at night, when there are so many urgent things needing to be done. A huge gap exists between what we know is possible with today's machines and what we have so far been able to finish. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	The idea of copyright did not exist in ancient times, when authors frequently copied other authors at length in works of non-fiction. This practice was useful, and is the only way many authors' works have survived even in part. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	The idea of free software is that users of computing deserve freedom. They deserve in particular to have control over their computing. And proprietary software does not allow users to have control of their computing. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	The idea that laws decide what is right or wrong is mistaken in general. Laws are, at their best, an attempt to achieve justice; to say that laws define justice or ethical conduct is turning things upside down. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	The interesting thing about cloud computing is that we've redefined cloud computing to include everything that we already do, ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	The key is to test the areas that you are most worried about going wrong. That way you get the most benefit for your testing effort. It is better to write and run incomplete tests than not to run complete tests ~ Martin Fowler
hackers	tech	general	0	The kind of programming that C provides will probably remain similar absolutely or slowly decline in usage, but relatively, JavaScript or its variants, or XML, will continue to become more central. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	The manuals we got from IBM would show examples of programs and I knew I could do a heck of a lot better than that. So I thought I might have some talent. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	The most important thing in the kitchen is the waste paper basket and it needs to be centrally located. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	The most important thing in the programming language is the name. A language will not succeed without a good name. I have recently invented a very good name and now I am looking for a suitable language. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	The most powerful programming language is Lisp. If you don't know Lisp (or its variant, Scheme), you don't appreciate what a powerful language is. Once you learn Lisp you will see what is missing in most other languages. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	The paradigm of competition is a race: by rewarding the winner, we encourage everyone to run faster. When capitalism really works this way, it does a good job; but its defenders are wrong in assuming it always works this way. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	The principal lesson of Emacs is that a language for extensions should not be a mere "extension language". It should be a real programming language, designed for writing and maintaining substantial programs. Because people will want to do that! ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	The problems of the real world are primarily those you are left with when you refuse to apply their effective solutions. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	The process of software development doesn't feel any better than it did a generation ago. ~ Rob Pike
hackers	tech	general	0	The protean nature of the computer is such that it can act like a machine or like a language to be shaped and exploited. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	The question of whether Machines Can Think... is about as relevant as the question of whether Submarines Can Swim. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	The reason that a good citizen does not use such destructive means to become wealthier is that, if everyone did so, we would all become poorer from the mutual destructiveness. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	The second problem [with using UML for the purposes of this book] is that the Unified Modeling Language concentrates on implementation modeling rather than conceptual modeling ~ Martin Fowler
hackers	tech	general	0	The sooner you start to code, the longer the program will take.
hackers	tech	general	0	The standard library saves programmers from having to reinvent the wheel. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	The system should treat all user input as sacred. ~ Jef Raskin
hackers	tech	general	0	The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	The visible things that have come from the group have been the Plan 9 system and Inferno, but I hasten to say that the ideas and the work have come from colleagues. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	The world has sprung very nasty threats on us and our software. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	There are no projects per se in the Computing Sciences Research Center. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	There are three basic approaches to AI: Case-based, rule-based, and connectionist reasoning. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	There is no system but GNU and Linux is one of it's kernels ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	There is nothing wrong with wanting pay for work, or seeking to maximize one's income, as long as one does not use means that are destructive. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	There is the desire of a consumer society to have no learning curves. This tends to result in very dumbed-down products that are easy to get started on, but are generally worthless and/or debilitating. ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	There was a failure to recognize the deep problems in AI; for instance, those captured in Blocks World. The people building physical robots learned nothing. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	There's a lot of power in executing data - generating data and executing data. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	There's ways to amuse yourself while doing things and thats how I look at efficency. ~ Donald Knuth
hackers	tech	general	0	Think 'free speech,' not 'free beer.' ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	This evolution may compromise Java's claim of being simpler than C++, but my guess is that the effort will make Java a better language than it is today. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	Thus, the standard library will serve as both a tool and as a teacher. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	To be able to choose between proprietary software packages is to be able to choose your master. Freedom means not having a master. And in the area of computing, freedom means not using proprietary software. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	To write a kernel without a data structure and have it be as consistent and graceful as UNIX would have been a much, much harder challenge. ~ Rob Pike
hackers	tech	general	0	Today many people are switching to free software for purely practical reasons. That is good, as far as it goes, but that isn't all we need to do! Attracting users to free software is not the whole job, just the first step. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Transparency is valuable, but while many things can be made transparent in distributed objects, performance isn't usually one of them. ~ Martin Fowler (2003) in: Software development. Vol. 11. p. 99
hackers	tech	general	0	Treat your password like your toothbrush. Don't let anybody else use it, and get a new one every six months. ~ Clifford Stoll
hackers	tech	general	0	UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	Unauthorized access to computer systems is already a serious crime in a few states and is currently being addressed in many more state legislatures as well as Congress. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	Users do not care about what is inside the box, as long as the box does what they need done. ~ Jef Raskin
hackers	tech	general	0	Value your freedom or you will lose it, teaches history. 'Don't bother us with politics', respond those who don't want to learn. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen.
hackers	tech	general	0	We can found no scientific discipline, nor a hearty profession, on the technical mistakes of the Department of Defense and, mainly, one computer manufacturer. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	We don't believe we've solved the multicore-programming problem. But we think we've built an environment in which a certain class of problems can take advantage of the multicore architecture. ~ Rob Pike
hackers	tech	general	0	We have persistant objects, they're called files. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	We must be very careful when we give advice to younger people: sometimes they follow it! ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	We must not forget that it is not our [computing scientists'] business to make programs, it is our business to design classes of computations that will display a desired behaviour. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	We need to teach people to refuse to install non-free plug-ins; we need to teach people to care more about their long-term interest of freedom than their immediate desire to view a particular site. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	We reject: kings, presidents and voting. We believe in: rough consensus and running code. ~ Dave Clark
hackers	tech	general	0	We tried to avoid, you know, records. We were told over and over that was probably the most serious mistake and the reason was the system would never catch on, because we didn't have records. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	We wanted to solve robot problems and needed some vision, action, reasoning, planning, and so forth. We even used some structural learning, such as was being explored by Patrick Winston. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	We're systems software people ourselves. We wanted a language to make our lives better. ~ Rob Pike
hackers	tech	general	0	We've partly removed the inconveniences of preventing a user from combining code from various free software packages. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Web servers are written in C, and if they're not, they're written in Java or C++, which are C derivatives, or Python or Ruby, which are implemented in C. ~ Rob Pike
hackers	tech	general	0	When David Marr at MIT moved into computer vision, he generated a lot of excitement, but he hit up against the problem of knowledge representation; he had no good representations for knowledge in his vision systems. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	When FORTRAN has been called an infantile disorder, full PL/1, with its growth characteristics of a dangerous tumor, could turn out to be a fatal disease. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	When I first got to Apple, which was in '84, the Mac was already out, and 'Newsweek' contacted me and asked me what I thought of the Mac. I said, 'Well, the Mac is the first personal computer good enough to be criticized.' ~ Alan Kay
hackers	tech	general	0	When I read commentary about suggestions for where C should go, I often think back and give thanks that it wasn't developed under the advice of a worldwide crowd. ~ Dennis Ritchie
hackers	tech	general	0	When I'm online, I'm alone in a room, tapping on a keyboard, staring at a cathode-ray tube. ~ Clifford Stoll
hackers	tech	general	0	When Steve Jobs died last week, there was a huge outcry, and that was very moving and justified. ~ Rob Pike
hackers	tech	general	0	When in doubt, use brute force. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	When we had no computers, we had no programming problem either. When we had a few computers, we had a mild programming problem. Confronted with machines a million times as powerful, we are faced with a gigantic programming problem. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	When you feel the need to write a comment, first try to refactor the code so that any comment becomes superfluous. ~ Martin Fowler
hackers	tech	general	0	When you find you have to add a feature to a program, and the program's code is not structured in a convenient way to add the feature, first refactor the program to make it easy to add the feature, then add the feature. ~ Martin Fowler
hackers	tech	general	0	Whether gods exist or not, there is no way to get absolute certainty about ethics. Without absolute certainty, what do we do? We do the best we can. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	While I admire the insights of many of the people in the world of computing, I get this cold feeling that I speak a different language. ~ Clifford Stoll
hackers	tech	general	0	While corporations dominate society and write the laws, each advance in technology is an opening for them to further restrict its users. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Why is it drug addicts and computer aficionados are both called users? ~ Clifford Stoll
hackers	tech	general	0	Why waste time doing experiments in the organization with technologies that are going to be out of date in 5 years or 10 years? ~ Doug Engelbart
hackers	tech	general	0	With paper printed books, you have certain freedoms. You can acquire the book anonymously by paying cash, which is the way I always buy books. I never use a credit card. I don't identify to any database when I buy books. Amazon takes away that freedom. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	With the increasing importance of standards for system-level objects such as COM and CORBA, it is particularly important that the C++ bindings to those be clean, well documented, and simple to use. ~ Bjarne Stroustrup
hackers	tech	general	0	Would a dating service on the net be 'frowned upon' . . . ? I hope not. But even if it is, don't let that stop you from notifying me via net mail if you start one. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Write a paper promising salvation, make it a 'structured' something or a 'virtual' something, or 'abstract', 'distributed' or 'higher-order' or 'applicative' and you can almost be certain of having started a new cult. ~ Edsger W. Dijkstra
hackers	tech	general	0	Writing non-free software is not an ethically legitimate activity, so if people who do this run into trouble, that's good! All businesses based on non-free software ought to fail, and the sooner the better. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	You can use any editor you want, but remember that vi vi vi is the text editor of the beast. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	You can't trust code that you did not totally create yourself. ~ Ken Thompson
hackers	tech	general	0	You don't understand anything until you learn it more than one way. ~ Marvin Minsky
hackers	tech	general	0	You have to make a decision whether it's a new product or you integrate it with an existing product. It takes time to work these things out. ~ Rob Pike
hackers	tech	general	0	You know, if you were *really* going to starve, you'd be justified in writing proprietary software. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	Your primary goal is not to solve their problem. Your primary goal is to help them become one notch more capable of solving their problem on their own. ~ Phil Agre
hackers	tech	general	0	[Martha said] "So what? Somebody's always had control over information, and others have always tried to steal it. Read Machiavelli. As technology changes, sneakiness finds new expressions."
hackers	tech	general	0	designed to prohibit all free software. It covers only code that implements, precisely, the Microsoft formats, which means that a program under this license does not permit modification. ~ Richard Stallman
hackers	tech	general	0	part of the long-term effort to liberate cyberspace. ~ Richard Stallman
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	"...this does not mean that some of us should not want, in a rather dispassionate sort of way, to put a bullet through csh's head." Larry Wall in <1992Aug6.221512.5963@netlabs.com>
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	"And I don't like doing silly things (except on purpose)."
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	"Best effort" is one of those phrases that doesn't mean what it means...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	"Help save the world!"
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	"I find this a nice feature but it is not according to the documentation. Or is it a BUG?" "Let's call it an accidental feature. :-)"
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	"It is easier to port a shell than a shell script."
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	"The road to hell is paved with melting snowballs."
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	"We all agree on the necessity of compromise. We just can't agree on when it's necessary to compromise."
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	"What is the sound of Perl? Is it not the sound of a wall that people have stopped banging their heads against?"
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	"You can't have filenames longer than 14 chars. You can't even think about them!"
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	#define NULL 0 /* silly thing is, we don't even use this */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	#define SIGILL 6 /* blech */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	#else /* !STDSTDIO */ /* The big, slow, and stupid way */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	'Course, that doesn't work when 'a' contains parentheses.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	(Never thought I'd be telling Malcolm and Ilya the same thing... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	(Presuming for the sake of argument that it's even *possible* to design better code in Perl than in C. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	(To the extent that anyone but a Prolog programmer can understand \X totally. (And to the extent that a Prolog programmer can understand "cut". :-))
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	*** The previous line contains the naughty word "$&".\n if /(ibm|apple|awk)/; # :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	...a Lazy has to be aware of when it is out of values, and when it should call into some meta-Lazy for more iterator values. And I suppose that meta-Lazy could in turn have a meta-meta-Lazy, which could have a meta-meta-meta-Lazy, and now my brane hurts.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	...sometimes collections of stupid utterances can be rather clever. If my writings are ever published posthumously, they should probably be called "A Collection of Stupid Utterances", or some such... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	/* And you'll never guess what the dog had */ /* in its mouth... */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	/* This bit of chicanery makes a unary function followed by a parenthesis into a function with one argument, highest precedence. */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	/* dbmrefcnt--; */ /* doesn't work, rats */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	/* now make a new head in the exact same spot */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	/* we have tried to make this normal case as abnormal as possible */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	: - cut in regexps I don't think we reached consensus on that. We're still backtracking...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	: 1. What is the possibility of this being added in the future? In the near future, the probability is close to zero. In the distant future, I'll be dead, and posterity can do whatever they like... :-) --lwall
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	: And it goes against the grain of building small tools. Innocent, Your Honor. Perl users build small tools all day long.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	: But for some things, Perl just isn't the optimal choice. (yet) :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	: I could understand principles of Perl source in 2-3 days [. . .] Gee, it took me about eleven years. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	: I hope I never have to design my own language. I would be schizophrenic : before the day ends. That's backwards. You have to be schizophrenic before the day starts.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	: I'm about to learn myself perl6 (after using perl5 for some time). I'm also trying to learn perl6 after using perl5 for some time. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	: I've heard that there is a shell (bourne or csh) to perl filter, does : anyone know of this or where I can get it? Yeah, you filter it through Tom Christiansen. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	: I've tried (in vi) "g/[a-z]\n[a-z]/s//_/"...but that doesn't : cut it. Any ideas? (I take it that it may be a two-pass sort of solution). In the first pass, install perl. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	: No comment, since this is still hovering (see Larry's reply). Flutter, flutter.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	: What do people think? What, do people think? :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	: Why Bible quotes exclusively? What happened to the Eastern religions? I'm still working on the Unicode mods.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	> (It's sorta like sed, but not. It's sorta like awk, but not. etc.) Guilty as charged. Perl is happily ugly, and happily derivative.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	> This made me wonder, suddenly: can telnet be written in perl? Of course it can be written in Perl. Now if you'd said nroff, that would be more challenging...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	A "goto" in Perl falls into the category of hard things that should be possible, not easy things that should be easy.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Accidental stacks considered harmful.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	All language designers are arrogant. Goes with the territory... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Almost nothing in Perl serves a single purpose.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Almost nothing in the design of Perl 6 is there for a single purpose.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Although the Perl Slogan is There's More Than One Way to Do It, I hesitate to make 10 ways to do something. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	And besides, if Perl really takes off in the Windows space, I think the rest of us would just as soon have a double-agent within ActiveState. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	And don't tell me there isn't one bit of difference between null and space, because that's exactly how much difference there is. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	And in the limiting case where the optimizer is completely broken because it's not implemented yet, we get to work around that too. Optionally...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	And other operators aren't so special syntactically, but weird in other ways, like "scalar", and "goto".
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	And we can always supply them with a program that makes identical files into links to a single file.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	And you can still put in all that cruft if you want to. You can even force yourself to have to do it. But to me, it feels a bit like slavery, so I'm still looking for a land flowing with milk and honey, even if there are a few giants in it.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Another way to look at it is that screensavers are sort of a poor man's LSD, without the bad trips.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Any false value is gonna be fairly boring in Perl, mathematicians notwithstanding.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Anybody want a binary telemetry frame editor written in Perl?
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Anything is *possible* in PUGS. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Anyway, my money is still on use strict vars . . .
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Anyway, please don't anyone take offense at my free associations. Even if they're true.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Anyway, there's plenty of room for doubt. It might seem easy enough, but computer language design is just like a stroll in the park. Jurassic Park, that is.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Appearances to the contrary notwithstanding, I'm not trying to break Perl 5 constructs just for the heck of it.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Are you going to bother to set up an unspoofable identity for every shirt in your closet?
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Are you perchance running on a 64-bit machine?
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	As long as "we" includes "you", that's fine by "me". :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	As pointed out in a followup, Real Perl Programmers prefer things to be visually distinct.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	As someone pointed out, you could have an attribute that says "optimize the heck out of this routine", and your definition of heck would be a parameter to the optimizer.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	As usual, I'm overstating the case to knock a few neurons loose, but the truth is usually somewhere in the muddle, uh, middle.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	As with all the other proposals, it's basically just a list of words. You can deal with that... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	At many levels, Perl is a "diagonal" language.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Backtracking is a wonderful concept till you have to do it.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Bare S-expressions won't work in standard Perl, of course, unless you make "(foo" parse like some kind of reserved word for a known set of "foo". I'm sure if you did that someone would consider it perverse.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Be consistent.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Beauty? What's that?
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Because . doesn't match \n. [\0-\377] is the most efficient way to match everything currently. Maybe \e should match everything. And \E would of course match nothing. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Besides, REAL computers have a rename() system call. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Besides, including <std_ice_cubes.h> is a fatal error on machines that don't have it yet. Bad language design, there... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Besides, it's good to force C programmers to use the toolbox occasionally. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Biologist: What's worse than being chased by a Velociraptor? Physicist: Obviously, being chased by an Acceloraptor.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Birds naturally prefer early binding to late binding; worms will naturally disagree. Rolling stones gather no type constraints.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	But I know what's important to me, and what isn't. And I think I know what people can get used to, and what they can even learn to like. (It just takes some people longer than others. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	But I'm sure some will argue that's too subtle. (Hi, @Larry<Damian>.)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	But at some point you just give up and call it cheating, er, I mean, AOP. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	But let me put this on the record: I specifically disrecommend use of grammar tweaks that will incite lynch mobs. You have been warned. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	But maybe we could try to set some slushiness milestones on the road to hell freezing over...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	But the possibility of abuse may be a good reason for leaving capabilities out of other computer languages, it's not a good reason for leaving capabilities out of Perl.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	But we can both blame it all on Henry.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	But you have to allow a little for the desire to evangelize when you think you have good news.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Call me bored, but don't call me boring.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Chip Salzenberg sent me a complete patch to add System V IPC (msg, sem and shm calls), so I added them. If that bothers you, you can always undefine them in config.sh. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Clear conceptual splits often hide false dichotomies.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Does the same as the system call of that name. If you don't know what it does, don't worry about it.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Doing linear scans over an associative array is like trying to club someone to death with a loaded Uzi.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Double *sigh*. _04 is going onto thousands of CDs even as we speak, so to speak.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Down that path lies madness. On the other hand, the road to hell is paved with melting snowballs.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Dude, nowadays we're trying to make Perl 6 more Unicode aware, not less; /usr/share/dict/words is so, like, monocultural, and stuff.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Er, Tom, I hate to be the one to point this out, but your fix list is starting to resemble a feature list. You must be human or something.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Even if you aren't in doubt, consider the mental welfare of the person who has to maintain the code after you, and who will probably put parens in the wrong place.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Even the White House has a press agent. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Every day it gets a little harder to distinguish my senility from my insanity...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Execute! (I hope that's the right word...)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	For the sake of argument I'll ignore all your fighting words.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Hey, I had to let awk be better at *something*... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Hey, if pi == 3, and three == 0, does that make pi == 0? :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Historically Tcl has always stored all intermediate results as strings. (With 8.0 they're rethinking that. Of course, Perl rethought that from the start.)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Hmm, doubtful. The source code generally wasn't there when I needed it.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Hmm, where there's a way, there's a will, I guess.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Hmm. What would it mean to goto a class?
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	How do Crays and Alphas handle the POSIX problem?
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	How long before someone writes $x.ugly('Python'), I wonder...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I already have too much problem with people thinking the efficiency of a perl construct is related to its length. On the other hand, I'm perfectly capable of changing my mind next week... :-) --lwall
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I don't believe I've ever cuddled my elses.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I don't have ADHD. I tend to perseverate and not get distracted when I should get distracted . . . My good friend Tom Christiansen, who does have ADHD, once said jokingly that I have "task-switching deficit" disorder.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I don't know if it's what you want, but it's what you get. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I don't like this official/unofficial distinction. It sound, er, officious.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I don't think it's worth washing hogs over.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I dunno, I dream in Perl sometimes...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I dunno. Perhaps you should be happy that I have a policy of refraining from grumbling about handicapped operating systems. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I have no opinion on its suitability for any particular task. I'm just the language designer--my job is to shoot you in the foot and make you think you did it to yourself. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I hope I'm not getting so famous that I can't think out load [sic] anymore.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I knew I'd hate COBOL the moment I saw they'd used "perform" instead of "do".
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I know it's weird, but it does make it easier to write poetry in perl. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I might be able to shoehorn a reference count in on top of the numeric value by disallowing multiple references on scalars with a numeric value, but it wouldn't be as clean. I do occasionally worry about that. --lwall
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I note that the Python folks still think they like JPython. I wonder how long that will last?
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I recommend not remaking my mistakes. Please make different mistakes. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I suppose one could claim that an undocumented feature has no semantics. :-(
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I suppose that :byte could also take an argument to force a particular old-style (single-byte) locale, if we choose to support them, and are willing to take the consequences of Jarkko going postal. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I suppose you could switch grammars once you've seen "use strict subs". :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I surely do hope that's a syntax error.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I think $[ is more like a coelacanth than a mastadon.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I think I'm happier with that. $rubyometer += 0.3 or so. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I think a p6explain would be a rather popular program.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I think it's a new feature. Don't tell anyone it was an accident. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I think so--a pair can always pretend to be a very small hash.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I think that's easier to read. Pardon me. Less difficult to read.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I think you didn't get a reply because you used the terms "correct" and "proper", neither of which has much meaning in Perl culture. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I try not to confuse roles and traits in my own life. Being the Perl god is a role. Being a stubborn cuss is a trait. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I view the JVM as just another architecture that Perl ought to be ported to. (That, and the Underwood typewriter...)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I want to see people using Perl to glue things together creatively, not just technically but also socially.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I was about to say, "Avoid fame like the plague," but you know, they can cure the plague with penicillin these days.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I was trying not to mention backtracking. Which, of course, means that yours is "righter" than mine, in a theoretical sense.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I wasn't recommending that we make the links for them, only provide them with the tools to do so if they want to take the gamble (or the gambol).
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I won't mention any names, because I don't want to get sun4's into trouble... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I would estimate that the number of programs it breaks in the world will be less than 10. As long as one of those 10 isn't CGI.pm, we're probably okay.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I wouldn't ever write the full sentence myself, but then, I never use goto either.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I'd make people say 'use Fork;' if I thought I could get away with it.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I'd put my money where my mouth is, but my mouth keeps moving.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I'll say it again for the logic impaired.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I'm afraid my gut level reaction is basically, "'proceed' is cute, but cute doesn't cut it in the emergency room."
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I'm not consistent about consistency, you see, except when I am... And I try to believe six foolish consistencies before breakfast each day. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I'm reminded of the day my daughter came in, looked over my shoulder at some Perl 4 code, and said, "What is that, swearing?"
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I'm serious about thinking through all the possibilities before we settle on anything. All things have the advantages of their disadvantages, and vice versa.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I'm sure a mathematician would claim that 0 and 1 are both very interesting numbers. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I'm sure that that could be indented more readably, but I'm scared of the awk parser.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	I've always maintained a cordial dislike for indent, because it's usually right.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	If I allowed "next $label" then I'd also have to allow "goto $label", and I don't think you really want that... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	If I don't document something, it's usually either for a good reason, or a bad reason. In this case it's a good reason. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	If I thought that I could design a language that will never disappoint anyone, I'd be a lot stupider than I already think I am, I think.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	If someone stinks, view it as a reason to help them, not a reason to avoid them.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	If this were Ada, I suppose we'd just constant fold 1/0 into die "Illegal division by zero"
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	If this were Ada, we'd simply doc it as "erroneous".
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	If you consistently take an antagonistic approach, however, people are going to start thinking you're from New York. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	If you remove stricture from a large Perl program currently, you're just installing delayed bugs, whereas with this feature, you're installing an instant bug that's easily fixed. Whoopee.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	If you want to program in C, program in C. It's a nice language. I use it occasionally... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	If you want to see useful Perl examples, we can certainly arrange to have comp.lang.misc flooded with them, but I don't think that would help the advance of civilization. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	If you want your program to be readable, consider supplying the argument.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	If you write something wrong enough, I'll be glad to make up a new witticism just for you.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	If you're going to define a shortcut, then make it the base [sic] darn shortcut you can.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	In Clintonese, that would be "You are free to infer that I was saying that." :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	In any event (no pun intended), I've always wondered how it is you can "kill" a process with a SIGCONT. As long as we're fixing everything else, maybe we can fix Unix too. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	In any event, the real geeks will probably just have the screen tattooed on their chest. Or their stomachs. Teletubbies "R" us.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	In general, if you think something isn't in Perl, try it out, because it usually is. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	In general, they do what you want, unless you want consistency.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Interestingly enough, since subroutine declarations can come anywhere, you wouldn't have to put BEGIN {} at the beginning, nor END {} at the end. Interesting, no? I wonder if Henry would like it. :-) --lwall
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Is that enough muddy thinking for one morning?
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It is my job in life to travel all roads, so that some may take the road less travelled, and others the road more travelled, and all have a pleasant day.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It is my persistent belief (and fond hope) that theory and practice don't always have to pull in opposite directions.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It is, of course, written in Perl. Translation to C is left as an exercise for the reader. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It may be possible to get this condition from within Perl if a signal handler runs at just the wrong moment. Another point for Chip... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It might do what you mean. Personally, I would never mean that if I could help it. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It seems like a sane thing to me, but that's a rather low standard.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It should be illegal to yell "Y2K" in a crowded economy. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It won't be covered in the book. The source code has to be useful for something, after all... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It would be possible to optimize some forms of goto, but I haven't bothered.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It'd be really nice to find a way to explain continuations to people without inflicting the typical torturous explanations on people who aren't interested in brain pretzels.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It's all magic. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It's appositival, if it's there. And it doesn't have to be there. And it's really obvious that it's there when it's there.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It's certainly easy to calculate the average attendance for Perl conferences.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It's documented in The Book, somewhere...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It's easy to solve the halting problem with a shotgun. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It's getting harder and harder to think out loud. One of these days someone's gonna go off and kill Thomas a'Becket for me...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It's hard to tune heavily tuned code. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It's kinda funny to watch the Parrot folks reinventing a similar scheme. (Er, no pun intended. Really!)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It's not designed to make people happy who want to confuse those issues. We have macros for that.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It's not really a rule--it's more like a trend.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It's the Magic that counts.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It's there as a sop to former Ada programmers. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	It's, uh, pseudo code. Yeah, that's the ticket... [...] And "unicode" is pseudo code for $encoding. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Just don't anyone suggest that we indicate what's modified *syntactically* by placing the adverb directly under it... Yow. Two-dimensional programs. Reminds me of BF... Maybe we should just pass this suggestion on to Guido... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Just don't compare it with a real language, or you'll be unhappy... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Just don't create a file called -rf. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Just don't make the '9' format pack/unpack numbers... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Just put in another goto, and then it'll be readable. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Let us be charitable, and call it a misleading feature :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Let's say the docs present a simplified view of reality... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Life gets boring, someone invents another necessity, and once again we turn the crank on the screwjack of progress hoping that nobody gets screwed.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Lispers are among the best grads of the Sweep-It-Under-Someone-Else's-Carpet School of Simulated Simplicity. [Was that sufficiently incendiary? :-)]
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Magically turning people's old scalar contexts into list contexts is a recipe for several kinds of disaster.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	May you do Good Magic with Perl.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Maybe I'm a little bit crazy, but I can't decide if it's psychotic or neurotic. You know the difference, don't you? A psychotic thinks that 2 + 2 = 5. A neurotic knows that 2 + 2 = 4, but it makes him nervous.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Maybe we should take a clue from FTP and put in an option like "print hash marks on every 1024 iterations". :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Must be a different Larry Wall. There are at least 137 of us in the U.S.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	My arthritic pinkies are already starting to ache just thinking about ||||=.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	My assertion that we can do better with computer languages is a persistent belief and fond hope, but you'll note I don't actually claim to be either rational or right. Except when it's convenient. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	My suggestion would be to assume that the Apocalypses are primarily intended to be entertaining rather than factual. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	No prisoner's dilemma here. Over the long term, symbiosis is more useful than parasitism. More fun, too. Ask any mitochondria.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	No, I'm not going to explain it. If you can't figure it out, you didn't want to know anyway... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Not that I have anything much against redundancy. But I said that already.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Not that I'm against sneaking some notions into people's heads upon occasion. (Or blasting them in outright.)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	OK, enough hype.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	OOPS! You naughty creature! You didn't run Configure with sh! I will attempt to remedy the situation by running sh for you...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Obviously I was either onto something, or on something.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Odd that we think definitions are definitive. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Of course, I reserve the right to make wholly stupid changes to Perl if I think they improve the language. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Of course, this being Perl, we could always take both approaches. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Oh, get ahold of yourself. Nobody's proposing that we parse English.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Oh, right--I'd better learn to read Perl 6 one of these days. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Oh, wait, that was Randal...nevermind...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	On the plus side, it's a lot easier in general to find /usr/include than cpp.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	One error message that would be of great benefit to novices is if we could guess where the missing brace is based on indentation. (But not *assuming* the missing brace, of course--this isn't Python... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	One operator is no big deal. That can be fixed in a jiffy.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	One thing I do understand is that people get scared when I start thinking out loud. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Or I suppose we could always recontextualize the meaning of "is" instead. There is prior art...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Orthogonality for orthogonality's sake is not something I'm keen on.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	P.S. I suppose I really should be nicer to people today, considering I'll be singing in Billy Graham's choir tonight... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	P.S. Perl's master plan (or what passes for one) is to take over the world like English did. Er, *as* English did...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Part of language design is purturbing the proposed feature in various directions to see how it might generalize in the future.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	People who understand context would be steamed to have someone else dictating how they can call it.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Perhaps I'm missing the gene for making enemies. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Perhaps they will have to outlaw sending random lists of words. fee fie foe foo
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Perhaps you should compile your Perl with long doubles one of these megaseconds.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Perl did not get where it is by ignoring psychological factors.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Perl has a long tradition of working around compilers.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Perl is designed to give you several ways to do anything, so consider picking the most readable one.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Perl itself is usually pretty good about telling you what you shouldn't do. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Perl programming is an *empirical* science!
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Perl should remain fast and intuitive (to the extent that it is :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Perl will always provide the null.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Personally I'm looking forward to seeing what the .mathematica method spits out for a junction, but maybe I'll have to settle for a .apl method instead.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Personally, I like to defiantly split my infinitives. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Personally, Rorschach blots always look like butterflies to me. Or pelvis bones, I admit it.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Portability should be the default.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Psychotics are consistently inconsistent. The essence of sanity is to be inconsistently inconsistent.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Python's syntax succeeds in combining the mistakes of Lisp and Fortran. I do not contrue that as progress.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Q. Why is this so clumsy? A. The trick is to use Perl's strengths rather than its weaknesses.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Randal can write one-liners again. Everyone is happy, and peace spreads over the whole Earth.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Randal said it would be tough to do in sed. He didn't say he didn't understand sed. Randal understands sed quite well. Which is why he uses Perl. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Real programmers can write assembly code in any language. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Real theology is always rather shocking to people who already think they know what they think. I'm still shocked myself. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Remember though that THERE IS NO GENERAL RULE FOR CONVERTING A LIST INTO A SCALAR.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Reserve your abuse for your true friends.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Sex is fun, but it probably doesn't solve all your problems.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	So I'm thinking about ??, or !!, or //, or \\, or whatever. But I think I like ?? the best so far. Or the least worst.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	So far we've managed to avoid turning Perl into APL. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	So please don't think I have a "down" on the MVS people. I'm just pulling off their arms to beat other people over the head with.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Sometimes we choose the generalization. Sometimes we don't.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Sorry. My testing organization is either too small, or too large, depending on how you look at it. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Symmetry is overrated. Overrated is symmetry.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Tactical? TACTICAL!?!? Hey, buddy, we went from kilotons to megatons several minutes ago. We don't need no stinkin' tactical nukes. (By the way, do you have change for 10 million people?) --lwall
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Tcl long ago fell into the Forth trap, and is now trying desperately to extricate itself (with some help from Sun's marketing department).
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Tcl tends to get ported to weird places like routers.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	That being said, I think we should immediately deprecate any string concatenation that combines "19" with "99". :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	That could certainly be done, but I don't want to fall into the Forth trap, where every running Forth implementation is really a different language.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	That gets us out of deciding how to spell Reg[eE]xp?|RE . . . Of course, then we have to decide what ref $re returns... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	That is a known bug in 5.00550. Either an upgrade or a downgrade will fix it.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	That means I'll have to use $ans to suppress newlines now. Life is ridiculous.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	That should probably be written: no !@#$%^&*:@!semicolon
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	That which hits the fan tends to get flung in all directions.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	That's a valid argument. I just don't think it's valid enough. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	That's what Sleepy Brain says. But Coffee Brain despises Sleepy Brain. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	That's...sick... I love it. *Please* don't tell Damian.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The Golden Gate wasn't our fault either, but we still put a bridge across it.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The autodecrement is not magical.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The choice of approaches could be made the responsibility of the programmer.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The code also assumes that it's difficult to misspell "a" or "b". :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The compiler is not immutable; it is a means to an end. And the end I am imagining is one that I cannot imagine.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The computer should be doing the hard work. That's what it's paid to do, after all.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The court finds everyone to be in contempt (including himself :-), and orders everyone sentenced to five years hard labor. (Working on Perl, of course.)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The following two statements are usually both true: There's not enough documentation. There's too much documentation.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The human psyche is a mishmash of rules of thumb, and Einstein's thumb is only two of them.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The only disadvantage I see is that it would force everyone to get Perl. Horrors. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The problem with a thesaurus is that it only gives you synonyms, not the word you really want. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The random quantum fluctuations of my brain are historical accidents that happen to have decided that the concepts of dynamic scoping and lexical scoping are orthogonal and should remain that way.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The semantics of alcohol don't change when you reach drinking age. Only the pragmatics change.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The stupid people are the ones proposing to outlaw stupidity. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The way I see it, if you declare something portable, you'll always be wrong, and if you declare it non-portable, you'll always be right. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The way these things go, there are probably 6 or 8 kludgey ways to do it, and a better way that involves rethinking something that hasn't been rethunk yet.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The whole history of computers is rampant with cheerleading at best and bigotry at worst.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	The whole intent of Perl 5's module system was to encourage the growth of Perl culture rather than the Perl core.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Then people who believe only in Interfaces can use the same underlying system-defined Roles without compromising their Java-bedeviled value system. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	There ain't nothin' in this world that's worth being a snot over.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	There are many times when you want it to ignore the rest of the string just like atof() does. Oddly enough, Perl calls atof(). How convenient. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	There are probably better ways to do that, but it would make the parser more complex. I do, occasionally, struggle feebly against complexity... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	There are still some other things to do, so don't think if I didn't fix your favorite bug that your bug report is in the bit bucket. (It may be, but don't think it. :-) Larry Wall in <7238@jpl-devvax.JPL.NASA.GOV>
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	There is, however, a strange, musty smell in the air that reminds me of something...hmm...yes...I've got it...there's a VMS nearby, or I'm a Blit.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	There's more than one method to our madness.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	There's often more than one correct thing. There's often more than one right thing. There's often more than one obvious thing.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	There's some entertainment value in watching people juggle nitroglycerin.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	There's something to be said for returning the whole syntax tree.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	These days I may be missing the bottom of my stomach, but I still have the bottom of my heart. So I would like to thank you from the bottom of my heart for being precisely who you are.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	They can always run stderr through uniq. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Think of prototypes as a funny markup language--the interpretation is left up to the rendering engine.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	This has been planned for some time. I guess we'll just have to find someone with an exceptionally round tuit.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Though I'll admit readability suffers slightly...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	To Perl, or not to Perl, that is the kvetching.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	To ordinary folks, conversion is not always automatic. It's something that may or may not require explicit assistance. See Billy Graham. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	True, it returns "" for false, but "" is an even more interesting number than 0.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Two-dimensional parsing is fun...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Uh, yeah. Obviously, 11 pm is still to early in the day for me...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Unix is like a toll road on which you have to stop every 50 feet to pay another nickel. But hey! You only feel 5 cents poorer each time.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	We didn't put in ^^ because then we'd have to keep telling people what it means, and then we'd have to keep telling them why it doesn't short circuit. :-/
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	We don't have enough parallel universes to allow all uses of all junction types--in the absence of quantum computing the combinatorics are not in our favor...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	We question most of the mantras around here periodically, in case you hadn't noticed. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	We're a hospital of people helping each other, performing random acts of beauty for each other, even when no one is watching but God.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	We're still discussing it on @Larry, but I think we can make that work.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Well, I think Perl should run faster than C. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Well, enough clowning around. Perl is, in intent, a cleaned up and summarized version of that wonderful semi-natural language known as "Unix".
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Well, hey, let's just make everything into a closure, and then we'll have our general garbage collector, installed by "use less memory".
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Well, hey, we'll have to leave some of the programming up to you. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Well, some of that relates to the fact that last year I basically had to take half a year off to participate in various non-optional gastric revisions.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Well, sure, I explicitly mentioned "vtables" last time I brought this up. But a single pointer is fairly paltry, as tables go. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Well, that's more-or-less what I was saying, though obviously addition is a little more cosmic than the bitwise operators.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Well, you can implement a Perl peek() with unpack('P',...). Once you have that, there's only security through obscurity. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Well, you know, Hubbard had a bunch of people sworn to commit suicide when he died. So of course he never officially died...
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	What about WRITING it first and rationalizing it afterwords? :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Wheelbarrow is a scavenger. That is to say, he's a sysadmin.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	When in doubt, parenthesize. At the very least it will let some poor schmuck bounce on the % key in vi.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Would you trust the linguistic intuitions of someone who has been studying Latin or Greek for three days?
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Wow, I'm being shot at from both sides. That means I *must* be right. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Y'know, there are other possibilities if we assume that filenames are UTF-8...yikes...wait, put down that meat cleaver! Aieeee!!!
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Yes, I'm a megalomaniac to think that I can set a better standard than the French... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Yes, it's a slippery slope. No, we are not sliding all the way down it. And it's just as easy to slide up this slope as well as down, and end up with Lisp rather than APL. Neither extreme is healthy.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Yes, we have consensus that we need 64 bit support. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	You can prove anything by mentioning another computer language. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	You don't have to wait--you can have it in 5.004_54 or so. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	You have the irritating habit of asking good questions I don't have an easy answer for. Please don't stop.
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	You have to admit that it's difficult to misplace the Perl sources. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	You might as well write your warning in Russian for all the good it'll do. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	You tell it that it's indicative by appending $!. That's why we made $! such a short variable name, after all. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	You want it in one line? Does it have to fit in 80 columns? :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	Your csh still thinks true is false. Write to your vendor today and tell them that next year Configure ought to "rm /bin/csh" unless they fix their blasted shell. :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	[End of diatribe. We now return you to your regularly scheduled programming...]
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	break; /* don't do magic till later */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	double value; /* or your money back! */ short changed; /* so triple your money back! */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	echo "Congratulations. You aren't running Eunice."
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	echo "Hmmm...you don't have Berkeley networking in libc.a..." echo "but the Wollongong group seems to have hacked it in."
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	echo "ICK, NOTHING WORKED!!! You may have to diddle the includes."
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	echo "Your stdio isn't very std."
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	echo $package has manual pages available in source form. echo "However, you don't have nroff, so they're probably useless to you."
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	fail("Language designer not persuaded"); # :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	if (instr(buf,sys_errlist[errno])) /* you don't see this */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	if (rsfp = mypopen("/bin/mail root","w")) { /* heh, heh */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	last|perl -pe '$_ x=/(..:..)...(.*)/&&"'$1'"ge$1&&"'$1'"lt$2' That's gonna be tough for Randal to beat... :-)
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	pos += screamnext[pos] /* does this goof up anywhere? */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	print rand rand rand 1, "\n"; # interesting distribution
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	s = (char*)(long)retval; /* ouch */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	signal(i, SIG_DFL); /* crunch, crunch, crunch */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	stab_val(stab)->str_nok = 1; /* what a wonderful hack! */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	str->str_pok |= SP_FBM; /* deep magic */ s = (unsigned char*)(str->str_ptr); /* deeper magic */
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	sub eval_C ($proggie) { CGrammar.top($proggie).compile.link.run.dump.gdb }
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	switch (ref $@) { OverflowError => warn "Dam needs to be drained"; DomainError => warn "King needs to be trained"; NuclearWarError => die; }
lwall-quotes	tech	general	0	tmps_base = tmps_max; /* protect our mortal string */
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 1. One man's constant is another man's variable.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 10. Get into a rut early: Do the same process the same way. Accumulate idioms. Standardize. The only difference(!) between Shakespeare and you was the size of his idiom list - not the size of his vocabulary.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 100. We will never run out of things to program as long as there is a single program around.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 101. Dealing with failure is easy: Work hard to improve. Success is also easy to handle: You've solved the wrong problem. Work hard to improve.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 102. One can't proceed from the informal to the formal by formal means.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 103. Purely applicative languages are poorly applicable.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 104. The proof of a system's value is its existence.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 105. You can't communicate complexity, only an awareness of it.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 106. It's difficult to extract sense from strings, but they're the only communication coin we can count on.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 107. The debate rages on: is PL/I Bachtrian or Dromedary?
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 108. Whenever two programmers meet to criticize their programs, both are silent.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 109. Think of it! With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACS in 1 sq. cm.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 11. If you have a procedure with ten parameters, you probably missed some.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 110. Editing is a rewording activity.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 111. Why did the Roman Empire collapse? What is Latin for office automation?
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 112. Computer Science is embarrassed by the computer.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 113. The only constructive theory connecting neuroscience and psychology will arise from the study of software.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 114. Within a computer natural language is unnatural.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 115. Most people find the concept of programming obvious, but the doing impossible.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 116. You think you know when you can learn, are more sure when you can write, even more when you can teach, but certain when you can program.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 117. It goes against the grain of modern education to teach children to program. What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail and learning to be self-critical?
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 118. If you can imagine a society in which the computer- robot is the only menial, you can imagine anything.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 119. Programming is an unnatural act.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 12. Recursion is the root of computation since it trades description for time.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 120. Adapting old programs to fit new machines usually means adapting new machines to behave like old ones.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 13. If two people write exactly the same program, each should be put into microcode and then they certainly won't be the same.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 14. In the long run every program becomes rococo - then rubble.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 15. Everything should be built top-down, except the first time.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 16. Every program has (at least) two purposes: the one for which it was written, and another for which it wasn't.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 17. If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 18. A program without a loop and a structured variable isn't worth writing.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 19. A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming, is not worth knowing.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 2. Functions delay binding; data structures induce binding. Moral: Structure data late in the programming process.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 20. Wherever there is modularity there is the potential for misunderstanding: Hiding information implies a need to check communication.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 21. Optimization hinders evolution.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 22. A good system can't have a weak command language.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 23. To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 24. Perhaps if we wrote programs from childhood on, as adults we'd be able to read them.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 25. One can only display complex information in the mind. Like seeing, movement or flow or alteration of view is more important than the static picture, no matter how lovely.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 26. There will always be things we wish to say in our programs that in all known languages can only be said poorly.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 27. Once you understand how to write a program get someone else to write it.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 28. Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to measure progress. Some cathedrals took a century to complete. Can you imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long?
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 29. For systems, the analogue of a face-lift is to add to the control graph an edge that creates a cycle, not just an additional node.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 3. Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 30. In programming, everything we do is a special case of something more general -- and often we know it too quickly.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 31. Simplicity does not precede complexity, but follows it.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 32. Programmers are not to be measured by their ingenuity and their logic but by the completeness of their case analysis.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 33. The eleventh commandment was "Thou Shalt Compute" or "Thou Shalt Not Compute" - I forget which.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 34. The string is a stark data structure and everywhere it is passed there is much duplication of process. It is a perfect vehicle for hiding information.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 35. Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had to be taught not to. So it is with great programmers.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 36. The use of a program to prove the 4-color theorem will not change mathematics - it merely demonstrates that the theorem, a challenge for a century, is probably not important to mathematics.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 37. The most important computer is the one that rages in our skulls and ever seeks that satisfactory external emulator. The standarization of real computers would be a disaster - and so it probably won't happen.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 38. Structured Programming supports the law of the excluded middle.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 39. Re graphics: A picture is worth 10K words - but only those to describe the picture. Hardly any sets of 10K words can be adequately described with pictures.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 4. Every program is a part of some other program and rarely fits.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 40. There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 41. Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand progress.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 42. You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing vitality of FORTRAN.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 43. In software systems, it is often the early bird that makes the worm.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 44.Sometimes I think the only universal in the computing field is the fetch-execute cycle.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 45. The goal of computation is the emulation of our synthetic abilities, not the understanding of our analytic ones.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 46. Like punning, programming is a play on words.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 47. As Will Rogers would have said, "There is no such thing as a free variable."
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 48. The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland"; but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 49. Giving up on assembly language was the apple in our Garden of Eden: Languages whose use squanders machine cycles are sinful. The LISP machine now permits LISP programmers to abandon bra and fig-leaf.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 5. If a program manipulates a large amount of data, it does so in a small number of ways.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 50. When we understand knowledge-based systems, it will be as before -- except our fingertips will have been singed.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 51. Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 52. Systems have sub-systems and sub-systems have sub- systems and so on ad infinitum - which is why we're always starting over.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 53. So many good ideas are never heard from again once they embark in a voyage on the semantic gulf.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 54. Beware of the Turing tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of interest is easy.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 55. A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 56. Software is under a constant tension. Being symbolic it is arbitrarily perfectible; but also it is arbitrarily changeable.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 57. It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 58. Fools ignore complexity. Pragmatists suffer it. Some can avoid it. Geniuses remove it.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 59. In English every word can be verbed. Would that it were so in our programming languages.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 6. Symmetry is a complexity-reducing concept (co-routines include subroutines); seek it everywhere.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 60. In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 61. In programming, as in everything else, to be in error is to be reborn.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 62. In computing, invariants are ephemeral.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 63. When we write programs that "learn", it turns out that we do and they don't.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 64. Often it is the means that justify the ends: Goals advance technique and technique survives even when goal structures crumble.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 65. Make no mistake about it: Computers process numbers - not symbols. We measure our understanding (and control) by the extent to which we can arithmetize an activity.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 66. Making something variable is easy. Controlling duration of constancy is the trick.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 67. Think of all the psychic energy expended in seeking a fundamental distinction between "algorithm" and "program".
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 68. If we believe in data structures, we must believe in independent (hence simultaneous) processing. For why else would we collect items within a structure? Why do we tolerate languages that give us the one without the other?
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 69. In a 5 year period we get one superb programming language. Only we can't control when the 5 year period will be.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 7. It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 70. Over the centuries the Indians developed sign language for communicating phenomena of interest. Programmers from different tribes (FORTRAN, LISP, ALGOL, SNOBOL, etc.) could use one that doesn't require them to carry a blackboard on their ponies.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 71. Documentation is like term insurance: It satisfies because almost no one who subscribes to it depends on its benefits.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 72. An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 73. It is not a language's weakness but its strengths that control the gradient of its change: Alas, a language never escapes its embryonic sac.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 74. Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to be discarded: that the whole point is to see it as a soap bubble?
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 75. Because of its vitality, the computing field is always in desperate need of new cliches: Banality soothes our nerves.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 76. It is the user who should parameterize procedures, not their creators.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 77. The cybernetic exchange between man, computer and algorithm is like a game of musical chairs: The frantic search for balance always leaves one of the three standing ill at ease.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 78. If your computer speaks English, it was probably made in Japan.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 79. A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 8. A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 80. Prolonged contact with the computer turns mathematicians into clerks and vice versa.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 81. In computing, turning the obvious into the useful is a living definition of the word "frustration".
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 82. We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last theorem.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 83. What is the difference between a Turing machine and the modern computer? It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the establishment of a Hilton hotel on its peak.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 84. Motto for a research laboratory: What we work on today, others will first think of tomorrow.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 85. Though the Chinese should adore APL, it's FORTRAN they put their money on.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 86. We kid ourselves if we think that the ratio of procedure to data in an active data-base system can be made arbitrarily small or even kept small.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 87. We have the mini and the micro computer. In what semantic niche would the pico computer fall?
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 88. It is not the computer's fault that Maxwell's equations are not adequate to design the electric motor.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 89. One does not learn computing by using a hand calculator, but one can forget arithmetic.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 9. It is better to have 100 functions operate on one data structure than 10 functions on 10 data structures.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 90. Computation has made the tree flower.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 91. The computer reminds one of Lon Chaney -- it is the machine of a thousand faces.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 92. The computer is the ultimate polluter: its feces are indistinguish- able from the food it produces.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 93. When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 94. Interfaces keep things tidy, but don't accelerate growth: Functions do.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 95. Don't have good ideas if you aren't willing to be responsible for them.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 96. Computers don't introduce order anywhere as much as they expose opportunities.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 97. When a professor insists computer science is X but not Y, have compassion for his graduate students.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 98. In computing, the mean time to failure keeps getting shorter.
epigrams_in_programming	tech	general	0	EPIGRAMS IN PROGRAMMING 99. In man-machine symbiosis, it is man who must adjust: The machines can't.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	386: No, 486: Oops, Pentium: The only chip to consider if you're thinking of buying a PC. Until Intel ramps up the 686.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	640K: The salary the average Wall Street PC analyst pulls in each year.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Algorithm: A catchy 1930 song by George and Ira Gershwin.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Availability: Date when a dozen copies of the beta version will be hurriedly shrink-wrapped for the benefit of the press and the investment community.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Backup: The chore you were really, honestly, going to do the very next thing before you switched drive letters and accidentally copied older, out-of-date versions of you files over all your newer ones at 3 a.m.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Buffer: The only other job - involving a chamois at the car wash - for which most computer store salespeople are qualified.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Bundled software: Free applications like home dentistry packages and Esperanto spelling dictionaries that are thrown in with cheap clones so you think you're getting real value for your money.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	CD-ROM: A $30 dollar mechanism in a $300 cabinet that accesses vast quantities of valuable information too slowly to use.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	CP/M: An antiquated operation system from the early days of computing, based on inscrutable prompts like A>, terse commands, and absurdly backward conventions, such as 11-character limits on filenames. Contrasted with today's modern versions of DOS.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Copy protection: A sly technique employed by hardware vendors to combat software piracy by continually changing the size and compatibility of disk drives (from 160K to 320K to 360K to 1.2MB to 720K to 1.44MB to 2.88MB, etc.).
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Database, flat-file: A program selling for under $500 that most people use to keep lists of names and addresses, etc.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Database, relational/programmable: A program selling for over $500 that most people use to keep lists of names and addresses, etc.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Debugging: The process of uncovering glitches by packaging prerelease software as finished products, then waiting for irate customers to report problems.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Downward compatibility: You really didn't have to spend the money for the upgraded version, since all you use anyway is the old set of features.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	End User: One born every minute.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Entry level: Only slightly above most users' heads.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Expanded memory: RAM that is, uh, well, um, different from extended memory.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Expansion slot: The computer didn't come with everything you needed.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Extended memory: RAM that is, uh, well, um, different from expanded memory.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	FAX: Originally a last resort for procrastinators who missed the final Federal Express pickup; these days, an expensive way to order lunch from the pizza place around the corner.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Firmware: Software with permanent bugs hardwired into it.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Icon: One picture is worth a thousand lawsuits. Or, as Shakespeare might have put it, "He who steals my trash better have a large purse."
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Installation routine: A process employed by many applications to overwrite and thereby trash the user's existing and painstakingly created AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS files
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Interface, character-based: A way of presenting information to the user that's every bit as good as a user interface except in the areas of readability, ease of use, intuitiveness, and productivity.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Interface, graphic user (GUI): An increasingly popular way of presenting information to the user, originally designed by Xerox PARC and now being adopted by dozens of competitors; otherwise known as the Trial Attorney Full Employment Act.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Laptop: A dinky keyboard wedded to a lousy LCD screen, all with bad battery life.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Live links: A clever system that lets you unknowingly corrupt data in lots of separate files at the same time.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Low-bandwidth: The process of talking to a corporate press relations official. (Question: How many IBM PR types does it take to change a light bulb? Answer: We'll have to get back to you on that.)
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Nanosecond: The time it takes after your warranty expires for your hard disk to start making a sound like a monkey wrench in a blender.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	NiCad battery: A cell that powers a laptop long enough to let you do three solid hours of work, then dies before you're ready to save any of it to disk.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Open system: Made up of parts from different manufacturers so that, when you crash, each vendor can blame the others.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Optional: It should have come free, but someone in the marketing department ran 1-2-3 and figured they'd double their profits this way.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Parity: A ninth memory bit that one time in nine will crash an otherwise perfectly functioning system when it detects an error in itself.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Partition: A wall you have to build around a noisy dot matrix printer that makes only slightly less noise than a tree chipper.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Point-and-shoot: You mean you'd rather click on a menu choice than have to type things like DEVICE=\DOS\UTS\DRIVER.SYS /D:0 /T:80 /S:15 /H:2 /F:1 ?
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Power Surge: What an MIS director feels when he denies you access to your own database.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Power user: Someone who's read the manual all the way through once.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Productivity: Printing out 30 different versions of your document before getting the spacing correct.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Question: How many IBM PR types does it take to change a light bulb? Answer: We'll have to get back to you on that.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Real-time clock: A 50-dollar option based on a five-cent chip.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	SAA: Silly And Awkward.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Shell: A clumsy program that forces users to stumble through ten menus to get anything done instead of typing a simple three-character command.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Shock-mounted: Make sure you're sitting down when you ask the price.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Spreadsheet: Sophisticated software that can be used as a database, rudimentary word processor, graphing program, and, in a pinch, a ledger.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Stack: The place in the corner of the room where you pile unopened software manuals.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Standard: Manufactured by the company that does the flashiest advertising.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Support: Fast, simple, courteous, friendly, accurate help available to any user who happens to work for any company that bought 1,000 copies of the product.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Throughput: What you feel like doing with your foot and your computer screen after you see the message "General Failure Error Reading Drive C:".
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Toll-free hotline: An AT&T busy-signal test number.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Toner cartridge: A device to refill laser printers; invented by the Association of American Dry Cleaners.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Torture test: Everyone - from the FedEx guy to the clerk who opened the box to the trainee who executed the speed test - accidentally dropped it.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Tutorial: A program that forces you to sit through lessons on every last obscure and little-used feature of an application while ignoring overall fundamental tricks that would make you far more productive.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Unix, year of: See Calendar, perpetual.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Value-added: A lot more expensive.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Virus: Commonly, the belief of incompetent users that some mysterious external force is to blame for their mistakes at the keyboard.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	Workstation: Any PC that sells for more than $10,000.
ComputerDictionary	tech	general	0	XT: All the computer that most users who just type letters and run typical spreadsheets will ever need, even though a 386 machine will reformat their text a whole tenth of a second faster.
rfc1925	tech	general	0	The Fundamental Truths (10) One size never fits all.
rfc1925	tech	general	0	The Fundamental Truths (11) Every old idea will be proposed again with a different name and a different presentation, regardless of whether it works. (11a) (corollary). It is always possible to add another level of indirection.
rfc1925	tech	general	0	The Fundamental Truths (12) In protocol design, perfection has been reached not when there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
rfc1925	tech	general	0	The Fundamental Truths (3) With sufficient thrust, pigs fly just fine. However, this is not necessarily a good idea. It is hard to be sure where they are going to land, and it could be dangerous sitting under them as they fly overhead.
rfc1925	tech	general	0	The Fundamental Truths (4) Some things in life can never be fully appreciated nor understood unless experienced firsthand. Some things in networking can never be fully understood by someone who neither builds commercial networking equipment nor runs an operational network.
rfc1925	tech	general	0	The Fundamental Truths (5) It is always possible to aglutenate multiple separate problems into a single complex interdependent solution. In most cases this is a bad idea.
rfc1925	tech	general	0	The Fundamental Truths (6) It is easier to move a problem around (for example, by moving the problem to a different part of the overall network architecture) than it is to solve it. (6a) (corollary). It is always possible to add another level of indirection.
rfc1925	tech	general	0	The Fundamental Truths (7) It is always something (7a) (corollary). Good, Fast, Cheap: Pick any two (you can't have all three).
rfc1925	tech	general	0	The Fundamental Truths (8) It is more complicated than you think.
rfc1925	tech	general	0	The Fundamental Truths (9) For all resources, whatever it is, you need more.
rfc1925	tech	general	0	The Fundamental Truths (9a) (corollary) Every networking problem always takes longer to solve than it seems like it should.
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Agile: 1. an attribute of any team, no matter how dysfunctional; 2. [see SCRUM]
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Altcoin: a slow spreadsheet [see Blockchain]
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Big data: spreadsheets that won't fit in excel
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Blockchain: [marketing slang] slow linked list
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Business logic: whatever actions the software is intended to perform (as opposed to the much greater number of actions forced by poor design decisions)
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	CGI: 1. a shell script that prints HTML; 2. pixels
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Cloud computing: the pyramid-selling of cycles
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Cloud, the: a computer you rented from Amazon or Microsoft
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Container: slow chroot jail
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Containerization: a packaging method wherein a script is packaged with an entire linux distribution [see Electron]
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Crypto: 1. (obs.) cryptography; 2. an altcoin
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Data mining: using grep on your http logs
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Data science: using grep on your http logs with a minor in statistics
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Data: spreadsheets
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Deep learning: brute force statistical modeling, performed by non-staticians, using third party code on rented computers [see Cloud, Cloud computing, Data]
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Disrupt: to undercut the competition by mislabeling employees as independent contractors & paying them less than minimum wage
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Elastic: using more rented server resources than planned
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Electron: a packaging method wherein a static copy of a website's cache is packaged with a complete duplicate copy of the user's web browser
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Engineer time: the duration of the period during which a developer browses stack overflow instead of browsing reddit
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Enterprise ready: once reached the front page of HN
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Enterprise-grade: slow and broken
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Enterprise: any business large enough to have two help desks that don't know about each other's existence
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Ethereum: a mechanism for making normally-free voluntary distributed computing schemes cost money
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Full-stack developer: a software engineer who falsely believes that the web browser is the entire computer
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	ICO: (orig. Initial Coin Offering) a tupperware party for men with frosted tips
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	IPO: the transfer of a failing business's debt from venture capitalists to employees and other rubes
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Internet of things: [formerly: ubiquitous computing, ambient computing, environmental computing, internet of everything, the networked home, home automation, everyware, smart home, smart building, intelligent building, intelligent architecture] putting linux on your toaster
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Mechanical turk: [see Disrupt]
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Portfolio: 1. a spreadsheet of debt owed to failing businesses; 2. a collection of invalid patents not yet invalidated by the examiners; 3. Atari's entry into the PDA market
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Reactive: the property of a website wherein it is made possible to view it on a smartphone-sized screen by adding so much bloat that it is no longer possible to render it on a smartphone CPU or cache it in a smartphone's RAM
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Revision control: a ledger containing the mistakes of youth
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	SCRUM: a machine that turns engineer-time into meetings
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Script: a small segment of someone's shell history
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Software engineer: a programmer with a bachelor's degree
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Software engineering: writing code that doesn't need to exist, but writing it in Java
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Startup: a small business with no plans to become profitable
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Uber: a taxi service [see Disrupt]
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Venture capital: a collection of high-risk payday loans
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Venture capitalist: a problem gambler
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Visionary: someone who repeats other people's ideas while wearing a turtleneck
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Waterfall: [see SCRUM]
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Web 2.0: simulating native applications by live-editing a rich text document
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	Web application: [see CGI]
enkiv2s-glossary-of-tech-industry-terms	tech	general	0	World wide web: rich text documents on other people's computers
hacker-questions	tech	general	0	Access to computers should be unlimited and total. How does what I make facilitate or hinder access?
hacker-questions	tech	general	0	Access to computers should be unlimited and total. Who am I leaving out?
hacker-questions	tech	general	0	Access to computers should be unlimited and total. Who gets to use what I make?
hacker-questions	tech	general	0	All Information Should Be Free. What data am I using?
hacker-questions	tech	general	0	All Information Should Be Free. What do the data leave out?
hacker-questions	tech	general	0	All Information Should Be Free. Whose labor produced it and what biases and assumptions are built into it?
hacker-questions	tech	general	0	All Information Should Be Free. Why choose this particular phenomenon for digitization or transcription?
hacker-questions	tech	general	0	Hackers should be judged by their hacking, not bogus criteria such as degrees, age, race or position. How are my own personal values reflected in what I make?
hacker-questions	tech	general	0	Hackers should be judged by their hacking, not bogus criteria such as degrees, age, race or position. What community do I invite through what I make?
hacker-questions	tech	general	0	Hackers should be judged by their hacking, not bogus criteria such as degrees, age, race or position. What kind of community am I assuming?
hacker-questions	tech	general	0	Mistrust Authority, Promote Decentralization. How does what I make support other people?
hacker-questions	tech	general	0	Mistrust Authority, Promote Decentralization. What systems of authority am I enacting through what I make?
hacker-questions	tech	general	0	Mistrust Authority, Promote Decentralization. What systems of support do I rely on?
computers	tech	general	0	!07/11 PDP a ni deppart m'I !pleH
computers	tech	general	0	1: No code table for op: ++post
computers	tech	general	0	... A booming voice says, "Wrong, cretin!", and you notice that you have turned into a pile of dust.
computers	tech	general	0	A bug in the code is worth two in the documentation.
computers	tech	general	0	A bug in the hand is better than one as yet undetected.
computers	tech	general	0	A complex system that works is invariably found to have evolved from a simple system that works.
computers	tech	general	0	[A computer is] like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy.
computers	tech	general	0	A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any other invention, with the possible exceptions of handguns and Tequilla.
computers	tech	general	0	A computer scientist is someone who fixes things that aren't broken.
computers	tech	general	0	A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate cake without ketchup and mustard.
computers	tech	general	0	A CONS is an object which cares.
computers	tech	general	0	A debugged program is one for which you have not yet found the conditions that make it fail.
computers	tech	general	0	A formal parsing algorithm should not always be used.
computers	tech	general	0	A Fortran compiler is the hobgoblin of little minis.
computers	tech	general	0	A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
computers	tech	general	0	A language that doesn't affect the way you think about programming is not worth knowing.
computers	tech	general	0	A language that doesn't have everything is actually easier to program in than some that do.
computers	tech	general	0	A large number of installed systems work by fiat. That is, they work by being declared to work.
computers	tech	general	0	A LISP programmer knows the value of everything, but the cost of nothing.
computers	tech	general	0	A list is only as strong as its weakest link.
computers	tech	general	0	A modem is a baudy house.
computers	tech	general	0	A nasty looking dwarf throws a knife at you.
computers	tech	general	0	A person who is more than casually interested in computers should be well schooled in machine language, since it is a fundamental part of a computer.
computers	tech	general	0	A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant.
computers	tech	general	0	A recent study has found that concentrating on difficult off-screen objects, such as the faces of loved ones, causes eye strain in computer scientists. Researchers into the phenomenon cite the added concentration needed to "make sense" of such unnatural three dimensional objects.
computers	tech	general	0	A rolling disk gathers no MOS.
computers	tech	general	0	A successful [software] tool is one that was used to do something undreamed of by its author.
computers	tech	general	0	A well-used door needs no oil on its hinges. A swift-flowing steam does not grow stagnant. Neither sound nor thoughts can travel through a vacuum. Software rots if not used. These are great mysteries.
computers	tech	general	0	A year spent in artificial intelligence is enough to make one believe in God.
computers	tech	general	0	About the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt ax. It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead.
computers	tech	general	0	Adding features does not necessarily increase functionality -- it just makes the manuals thicker.
computers	tech	general	0	Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.
computers	tech	general	0	Whenever one person is found adequate to the discharge of a duty by close application thereto, it is worse execute by two persons and scarcely done at all if three or more are employed therein.
computers	tech	general	0	Alan Turing thought about criteria to settle the question of whether machines can think, a question of which we now know that it is about as relevant as the question of whether submarines can swim.
computers	tech	general	0	Algol-60 surely must be regarded as the most important programming language yet developed.
computers	tech	general	0	All constants are variables.
computers	tech	general	0	All parts should go together without forcing. You must remember that the parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you. Therefore, if you can't get them together again, there must be a reason. By all means, do not use a hammer. -- IBM maintenance manual, 1925
computers	tech	general	0	All programmers are playwrights and all computers are lousy actors.
computers	tech	general	0	"... all the good computer designs are bootlegged; the formally planned products, if they are built at all, are dogs!"
computers	tech	general	0	All the simple programs have been written.
computers	tech	general	0	All your files have been destroyed (sorry). Paul.
computers	tech	general	0	Almost anything derogatory you could say about today's software design would be accurate.
computers	tech	general	0	An Ada exception is when a routine gets in trouble and says 'Beam me up, Scotty'.
computers	tech	general	0	An adequate bootstrap is a contradiction in terms.
computers	tech	general	0	An algorithm must be seen to be believed.
computers	tech	general	0	An elephant is a mouse with an operating system.
computers	tech	general	0	An engineer is someone who does list processing in FORTRAN.
computers	tech	general	0	And it should be the law: If you use the word `paradigm' without knowing what the dictionary says it means, you go to jail. No exceptions.
computers	tech	general	0	And on the seventh day, He exited from append mode.
computers	tech	general	0	Another megabytes the dust.
computers	tech	general	0	Any given program will expand to fill available memory.
computers	tech	general	0	Any given program, when running, is obsolete.
computers	tech	general	0	Any program which runs right is obsolete.
computers	tech	general	0	Any programming language is at its best before it is implemented and used.
computers	tech	general	0	Any sufficiently advanced bug is indistinguishable from a feature.
computers	tech	general	0	APL hackers do it in the quad.
computers	tech	general	0	APL is a mistake, carried through to perfection. It is the language of the future for the programming techniques of the past: it creates a new generation of coding bums.
computers	tech	general	0	APL is a natural extension of assembler language programming; ...and is best for educational purposes.
computers	tech	general	0	APL is a write-only language. I can write programs in APL, but I can't read any of them.
computers	tech	general	0	Are we running light with overbyte?
computers	tech	general	0	Around computers it is difficult to find the correct unit of time to measure progress. Some cathedrals took a century to complete. Can you imagine the grandeur and scope of a program that would take as long? -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	general	0	As a computer, I find your faith in technology amusing.
computers	tech	general	0	As far as we know, our computer has never had an undetected error.
computers	tech	general	0	As in certain cults it is possible to kill a process if you know its true name.
computers	tech	general	0	As long as there are ill-defined goals, bizarre bugs, and unrealistic schedules, there will be Real Programmers willing to jump in and Solve The Problem, saving the documentation for later.
computers	tech	general	0	As of next Thursday, UNIX will be flushed in favor of TOPS-10. Please update your programs.
computers	tech	general	0	As of next Tuesday, C will be flushed in favor of COBOL. Please update your programs.
computers	tech	general	0	As of next week, passwords will be entered in Morse code.
computers	tech	general	0	As part of the conversion, computer specialists rewrote 1,500 programs; a process that traditionally requires some debugging.
computers	tech	general	0	As the trials of life continue to take their toll, remember that there is always a future in Computer Maintenance.
computers	tech	general	0	As Will Rogers would have said, "There is no such things as a free variable."
computers	tech	general	0	ASCII a stupid question, you get an EBCDIC answer.
computers	tech	general	0	ASHes to ASHes, DOS to DOS.
computers	tech	general	0	Ask not for whom the <CONTROL-G> tolls.
computers	tech	general	0	Assembly language experience is [important] for the maturity and understanding of how computers work that it provides.
computers	tech	general	0	Asynchronous inputs are at the root of our race problems.
computers	tech	general	0	At first sight, the idea of any rules or principles being superimposed on the creative mind seems more likely to hinder than to help, but this is quite untrue in practice. Disciplined thinking focuses inspiration rather than blinkers it.
computers	tech	general	0	At Group L, Stoffel oversees six first-rate programmers, a managerial challenge roughly comparable to herding cats.
computers	tech	general	0	At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.
computers	tech	general	0	Avoid strange women and temporary variables.
computers	tech	general	0	Basic is a high level languish. APL is a high level anguish.
computers	tech	general	0	BASIC is the Computer Science equivalent of `Scientific Creationism'.
computers	tech	general	0	BASIC is to computer programming as QWERTY is to typing.
computers	tech	general	0	Be careful when a loop exits to the same place from side and bottom.
computers	tech	general	0	Behind every great computer sits a skinny little geek.
computers	tech	general	0	Bell Labs Unix -- Reach out and grep someone.
computers	tech	general	0	Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it.
computers	tech	general	0	Beware of Programmers who carry screwdrivers.
computers	tech	general	0	Beware of the Turing Tar-pit in which everything is possible but nothing of interest is easy.
computers	tech	general	0	Beware the new TTY code!
computers	tech	general	0	Blinding speed can compensate for a lot of deficiencies.
computers	tech	general	0	BLISS is ignorance.
computers	tech	general	0	Both models are identical in performance, functional operation, and interface circuit details. The two models, however, are not compatible on the same communications line connection.
computers	tech	general	0	Brain fried -- Core dumped
computers	tech	general	0	Breadth-first search is the bulldozer of science.
computers	tech	general	0	Bringing computers into the home won't change either one, but may revitalize the corner saloon.
computers	tech	general	0	Build a system that even a fool can use and only a fool will want to use it.
computers	tech	general	0	Building translators is good clean fun.
computers	tech	general	0	Bus error -- driver executed.
computers	tech	general	0	Bus error -- please leave by the rear door.
computers	tech	general	0	But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed, analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses.
computers	tech	general	0	"But what we need to know is, do people want nasally-insertable computers?"
computers	tech	general	0	By long-standing tradition, I take this opportunity to savage other designers in the thin disguise of good, clean fun.
computers	tech	general	0	BYTE editors are people who separate the wheat from the chaff, and then carefully print the chaff.
computers	tech	general	0	Byte your tongue.
computers	tech	general	0	C Code. C Code Run. Run, Code, RUN! PLEASE!!!!
computers	tech	general	0	C for yourself.
computers	tech	general	0	C makes it easy for you to shoot yourself in the foot. C++ makes that harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg.
computers	tech	general	0	C'est magnifique, mais ce n'est pas l'Informatique. -- Bosquet [on seeing the IBM 4341]
computers	tech	general	0	C++ is the best example of second-system effect since OS/360.
computers	tech	general	0	Calm down, it's *only* ones and zeroes.
computers	tech	general	0	Can't open /usr/share/games/fortunes/fortunes. Lid stuck on cookie jar.
computers	tech	general	0	Can't open /usr/share/games/fortunes/fortunes.dat.
computers	tech	general	0	CChheecckk yyoouurr dduupplleexx sswwiittcchh..
computers	tech	general	0	CCI Power 6/40: one board, a megabyte of cache, and an attitude...
computers	tech	general	0	Center meeting at 4pm in 2C-543.
computers	tech	general	0	Civilization, as we know it, will end sometime this evening. See SYSNOTE tomorrow for more information.
computers	tech	general	0	COBOL is for morons.
computers	tech	general	0	Cobol programmers are down in the dumps.
computers	tech	general	0	Coding is easy; All you do is sit staring at a terminal until the drops of blood form on your forehead.
computers	tech	general	0	COMPASS [for the CDC-6000 series] is the sort of assembler one expects from a corporation whose president codes in octal.
computers	tech	general	0	... computer hardware progress is so fast. No other technology since civilization began has seen six orders of magnitude in performance-price gain in 30 years.
computers	tech	general	0	Computer programmers do it byte by byte.
computers	tech	general	0	Computer programmers never die, they just get lost in the processing.
computers	tech	general	0	Computer programs expand so as to fill the core available.
computers	tech	general	0	Computer Science is merely the post-Turing decline in formal systems theory.
computers	tech	general	0	Computer Science is the only discipline in which we view adding a new wing to a building as being maintenance
computers	tech	general	0	Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
computers	tech	general	0	Computers are unreliable, but humans are even more unreliable. Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.
computers	tech	general	0	Computers are useless. They can only give you answers.
computers	tech	general	0	Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in the world that just don't add up.
computers	tech	general	0	Computers don't actually think. You just think they think. (We think.)
computers	tech	general	0	Computers will not be perfected until they can compute how much more than the estimate the job will cost.
computers	tech	general	0	Conceptual integrity in turn dictates that the design must proceed from one mind, or from a very small number of agreeing resonant minds.
computers	tech	general	0	Congratulations! You are the one-millionth user to log into our system. If there's anything special we can do for you, anything at all, don't hesitate to ask!
computers	tech	general	0	Counting in binary is just like counting in decimal -- if you are all thumbs.
computers	tech	general	0	Counting in octal is just like counting in decimal--if you don't use your thumbs.
computers	tech	general	0	[Crash programs] fail because they are based on the theory that, with nine women pregnant, you can get a baby a month.
computers	tech	general	0	Crazee Edeee, his prices are INSANE!!!
computers	tech	general	0	%DCL-MEM-BAD, bad memory VMS-F-PDGERS, pudding between the ears
computers	tech	general	0	Debug is human, de-fix divine.
computers	tech	general	0	DEC diagnostics would run on a dead whale.
computers	tech	general	0	#define BITCOUNT(x) (((BX_(x)+(BX_(x)>>4)) & 0x0F0F0F0F) % 255) #define BX_(x) ((x) - (((x)>>1)&0x77777777) \ - (((x)>>2)&0x33333333) \ - (((x)>>3)&0x11111111)) -- really weird C code to count the number of bits in a word
computers	tech	general	0	Deliver yesterday, code today, think tomorrow.
computers	tech	general	0	Did you know that for the price of a 280-Z you can buy two Z-80's?
computers	tech	general	0	Different all twisty a of in maze are you, passages little.
computers	tech	general	0	Digital circuits are made from analog parts.
computers	tech	general	0	Disc space -- the final frontier!
computers	tech	general	0	DISCLAIMER: Use of this advanced computing technology does not imply an endorsement of Western industrial civilization.
computers	tech	general	0	Disclaimer: "These opinions are my own, though for a small fee they be yours too."
computers	tech	general	0	Disk crisis, please clean up!
computers	tech	general	0	Disks travel in packs.
computers	tech	general	0	Do not meddle in the affairs of troff, for it is subtle and quick to anger.
computers	tech	general	0	Do not simplify the design of a program if a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.
computers	tech	general	0	Do not use the blue keys on this terminal.
computers	tech	general	0	Do you guys know what you're doing, or are you just hacking?
computers	tech	general	0	Documentation is like sex: when it is good, it is very, very good; and when it is bad, it is better than nothing.
computers	tech	general	0	Documentation is the castor oil of programming. Managers know it must be good because the programmers hate it so much.
computers	tech	general	0	Does a good farmer neglect a crop he has planted? Does a good teacher overlook even the most humble student? Does a good father allow a single child to starve? Does a good programmer refuse to maintain his code?
computers	tech	general	0	Don't compare floating point numbers solely for equality.
computers	tech	general	0	Don't get suckered in by the comments -- they can be terribly misleading. Debug only code.
computers	tech	general	0	Don't hit the keys so hard, it hurts.
computers	tech	general	0	Don't sweat it -- it's only ones and zeros.
computers	tech	general	0	DOS Air: All the passengers go out onto the runway, grab hold of the plane, push it until it gets in the air, hop on, jump off when it hits the ground again. Then they grab the plane again, push it back into the air, hop on, et cetera.
computers	tech	general	0	Due to lack of disk space, this fortune database has been discontinued.
computers	tech	general	0	During the next two hours, the system will be going up and down several times, often with lin~po_~{po ~poz~ppo\~{ o n~po_~{o[po ~y oodsou>#w4k**n~po_~{ol;lkld;f;g;dd;po\~{o
computers	tech	general	0	E Pluribus Unix
computers	tech	general	0	Each new user of a new system uncovers a new class of bugs.
computers	tech	general	0	/earth is 98% full ... please delete anyone you can.
computers	tech	general	0	Earth is a beta site.
computers	tech	general	0	/earth: file system full.
computers	tech	general	0	Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because God is not capricious or arbitrary. No such faith comforts the software engineer.
computers	tech	general	0	Equal bytes for women.
computers	tech	general	0	Error in operator: add beer
computers	tech	general	0	Established technology tends to persist in the face of new technology.
computers	tech	general	0	<<<<< EVACUATION ROUTE <<<<<
computers	tech	general	0	Even bytes get lonely for a little bit.
computers	tech	general	0	Every program has at least one bug and can be shortened by at least one instruction -- from which, by induction, one can deduce that every program can be reduced to one instruction which doesn't work.
computers	tech	general	0	Every program is a part of some other program, and rarely fits.
computers	tech	general	0	Everybody needs a little love sometime; stop hacking and fall in love!
computers	tech	general	0	Everyone can be taught to sculpt: Michelangelo would have had to be taught how not to. So it is with the great programmers.
computers	tech	general	0	Evolution is a million line computer program falling into place by accident.
computers	tech	general	0	Excessive login or logout messages are a sure sign of senility.
computers	tech	general	0	FACILITY REJECTED 100044200000
computers	tech	general	0	Feeling amorous, she looked under the sheets and cried, "Oh, no, it's Microsoft!"
computers	tech	general	0	Fly Windows NT: All the passengers carry their seats out onto the tarmac, placing the chairs in the outline of a plane. They all sit down, flap their arms and make jet swooshing sounds as if they are flying.
computers	tech	general	0	"For that matter, compare your pocket computer with the massive jobs of a thousand years ago. Why not, then, the last step of doing away with computers altogether?"
computers	tech	general	0	FORTH IF HONK THEN
computers	tech	general	0	FORTRAN is a good example of a language which is easier to parse using ad hoc techniques.
computers	tech	general	0	FORTRAN is for pipe stress freaks and crystallography weenies.
computers	tech	general	0	FORTRAN is not a flower but a weed -- it is hardy, occasionally blooms, and grows in every computer.
computers	tech	general	0	FORTRAN is the language of Powerful Computers.
computers	tech	general	0	FORTRAN rots the brain.
computers	tech	general	0	FORTRAN, "the infantile disorder", by now nearly 20 years old, is hopelessly inadequate for whatever computer application you have in mind today: it is too clumsy, too risky, and too expensive to use.
computers	tech	general	0	[FORTRAN] will persist for some time -- probably for at least the next decade.
computers	tech	general	0	fortune: cannot execute. Out of cookies.
computers	tech	general	0	fortune: cpu time/usefulness ratio too high -- core dumped.
computers	tech	general	0	fortune: No such file or directory
computers	tech	general	0	fortune: not found
computers	tech	general	0	Frankly, Scarlett, I don't have a fix.
computers	tech	general	0	From the Pro 350 Pocket Service Guide, p. 49, Step 5 of the instructions on removing an I/O board from the card cage, comes a new experience in sound: 5. Turn the handle to the right 90 degrees. The pin-spreading sound is normal for this type of connector.
computers	tech	general	0	Function reject.
computers	tech	general	0	Garbage In
computers	tech	general	0	GIVE: Support the helpless victims of computer error.
computers	tech	general	0	Given its constituency, the only thing I expect to be "open" about [the Open Software Foundation] is its mouth.
computers	tech	general	0	Giving up on assembly language was the apple in our Garden of Eden: Languages whose use squanders machine cycles are sinful. The LISP machine now permits LISP programmers to abandon bra and fig-leaf. -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	general	0	Go away! Stop bothering me with all your "compute this ... compute that"! I'm taking a VAX-NAP. logout
computers	tech	general	0	//GO.SYSIN DD *, DOODAH, DOODAH
computers	tech	general	0	God is real, unless declared integer.
computers	tech	general	0	God made machine language; all the rest is the work of man.
computers	tech	general	0	Good evening, gentlemen. I am a HAL 9000 computer. I became operational at the HAL plant in Urbana, Illinois, on January 11th, nineteen hundred ninety-five. My supervisor was Mr. Langley, and he taught me to sing a song. If you would like, I could sing it for you.
computers	tech	general	0	Grand Master Turing once dreamed that he was a machine. When he awoke he exclaimed: "I don't know whether I am Turing dreaming that I am a machine, or a machine dreaming that I am Turing!"
computers	tech	general	0	grep me no patterns and I'll tell you no lines.
computers	tech	general	0	Hackers are just a migratory lifeform with a tropism for computers.
computers	tech	general	0	Hackers of the world, unite!
computers	tech	general	0	Hacking's just another word for nothing left to kludge.
computers	tech	general	0	/* Halley */ (Halley's comment.)
computers	tech	general	0	Happiness is a hard disk.
computers	tech	general	0	Happiness is twin floppies.
computers	tech	general	0	"Has anyone had problems with the computer accounts?" "Yes, I don't have one." "Okay, you can send mail to one of the tutors ..."
computers	tech	general	0	Have you reconsidered a computer career?
computers	tech	general	0	He's like a function -- he returns a value, in the form of his opinion. It's up to you to cast it into a void or not.
computers	tech	general	0	HEAD CRASH!! FILES LOST!! Details at 11.
computers	tech	general	0	Help me, I'm a prisoner in a Fortune cookie file!
computers	tech	general	0	Help stamp out Mickey-Mouse computer interfaces -- Menus are for Restaurants!
computers	tech	general	0	Help! I'm trapped in a Chinese computer factory!
computers	tech	general	0	Help! I'm trapped in a PDP 11/70!
computers	tech	general	0	HELP!!!! I'm being held prisoner in /usr/games/lib!
computers	tech	general	0	Heuristics are bug ridden by definition. If they didn't have bugs, then they'd be algorithms.
computers	tech	general	0	HOLY MACRO!
computers	tech	general	0	HOST SYSTEM NOT RESPONDING, PROBABLY DOWN. DO YOU WANT TO WAIT? (Y/N)
computers	tech	general	0	HOST SYSTEM RESPONDING, PROBABLY UP...
computers	tech	general	0	How can you work when the system's so crowded?
computers	tech	general	0	"How do I love thee? My accumulator overflows."
computers	tech	general	0	How many seconds are there in a year? If I tell you there are 3.155 x 10^7, you won't even try to remember it. On the other hand, who could forget that, to within half a percent, pi seconds is a nanocentury.
computers	tech	general	0	How much does it cost to entice a dope-smoking UNIX system guru to Dayton?
computers	tech	general	0	How much net work could a network work, if a network could net work?
computers	tech	general	0	Hug me now, you mad, impetuous fool!! Oh wait... I'm a computer, and you're a person. It would never work out. Never mind.
computers	tech	general	0	I *knew* I had some reason for not logging you off... If I could just remember what it was.
computers	tech	general	0	I am a computer. I am dumber than any human and smarter than any administrator.
computers	tech	general	0	I am NOMAD!
computers	tech	general	0	I am not now, nor have I ever been, a member of the demigodic party.
computers	tech	general	0	I am professionally trained in computer science, which is to say (in all seriousness) that I am extremely poorly educated.
computers	tech	general	0	I am the wandering glitch -- catch me if you can.
computers	tech	general	0	I bet the human brain is a kludge.
computers	tech	general	0	I came, I saw, I deleted all your files.
computers	tech	general	0	I cannot conceive that anybody will require multiplications at the rate of 40,000 or even 4,000 per hour ...
computers	tech	general	0	I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them.
computers	tech	general	0	I had the rare misfortune of being one of the first people to try and implement a PL/1 compiler.
computers	tech	general	0	I have a very small mind and must live with it.
computers	tech	general	0	I have not yet begun to byte!
computers	tech	general	0	I haven't lost my mind -- it's backed up on tape somewhere.
computers	tech	general	0	I must have slipped a disk -- my pack hurts!
computers	tech	general	0	I think there's a world market for about five computers. -- Misattributed to Thomas J. Watson (Chairman of the Board, IBM), 1943 ; https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Thomas_J._Watson
computers	tech	general	0	I wish you humans would leave me alone.
computers	tech	general	0	I'm a Lisp variable -- bind me!
computers	tech	general	0	I'm all for computer dating, but I wouldn't want one to marry my sister.
computers	tech	general	0	I'm not even going to *bother* comparing C to BASIC or FORTRAN.
computers	tech	general	0	I'm still waiting for the advent of the computer science groupie.
computers	tech	general	0	I've finally learned what "upward compatible" means. It means we get to keep all our old mistakes.
computers	tech	general	0	I've looked at the listing, and it's right!
computers	tech	general	0	I've never been canoeing before, but I imagine there must be just a few simple heuristics you have to remember... Yes, don't fall out, and don't hit rocks.
computers	tech	general	0	I've noticed several design suggestions in your code.
computers	tech	general	0	IBM Advanced Systems Group -- a bunch of mindless jerks, who'll be first against the wall when the revolution comes... -- with regrets to D. Adams
computers	tech	general	0	If a 6600 used paper tape instead of core memory, it would use up tape at about 30 miles/second.
computers	tech	general	0	If a group of persons implements a COBOL compiler, there will be N-1 passes. Someone in the group has to be the manager.
computers	tech	general	0	If a listener nods his head when you're explaining your program, wake him up.
computers	tech	general	0	If a train station is a place where a train stops, what's a workstation?
computers	tech	general	0	If addiction is judged by how long a dumb animal will sit pressing a lever to get a "fix" of something, to its own detriment, then I would conclude that netnews is far more addictive than cocaine.
computers	tech	general	0	If at first you don't succeed, you must be a programmer.
computers	tech	general	0	If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker to come along would destroy civilization.
computers	tech	general	0	If computers take over (which seems to be their natural tendency), it will serve us right.
computers	tech	general	0	If God had a beard, he'd be a UNIX programmer.
computers	tech	general	0	If God had intended Man to program, we'd be born with serial I/O ports.
computers	tech	general	0	If graphics hackers are so smart, why can't they get the bugs out of fresh paint?
computers	tech	general	0	If he once again pushes up his sleeves in order to compute for 3 days and 3 nights in a row, he will spend a quarter of an hour before to think which principles of computation shall be most appropriate.
computers	tech	general	0	If I'd known computer science was going to be like this, I'd never have given up being a rock 'n' roll star.
computers	tech	general	0	If it happens once, it's a bug. If it happens twice, it's a feature. If it happens more than twice, it's a design philosophy.
computers	tech	general	0	If it has syntax, it isn't user friendly.
computers	tech	general	0	If it's not in the computer, it doesn't exist.
computers	tech	general	0	If it's worth hacking on well, it's worth hacking on for money.
computers	tech	general	0	If Machiavelli were a hacker, he'd have worked for the CSSG.
computers	tech	general	0	If Machiavelli were a programmer, he'd have worked for AT&T.
computers	tech	general	0	"If that makes any sense to you, you have a big problem."
computers	tech	general	0	If the automobile had followed the same development as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per per gallon, and explode once a year killing everyone inside.
computers	tech	general	0	If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong.
computers	tech	general	0	If the vendors started doing everything right, we would be out of a job. Let's hear it for OSI and X! With those babies in the wings, we can count on being employed until we drop, or get smart and switch to gardening, paper folding, or something.
computers	tech	general	0	If this is timesharing, give me my share right now.
computers	tech	general	0	If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some.
computers	tech	general	0	If you put 7 of the most talented open source software developers in a room for a week and asked them to fix a bug in a spreadsheet program, in 1 week you'd have 2 new mail readers and a text-based web browser. -- via Bram Moolenaar
computers	tech	general	0	If you put tomfoolery into a computer, nothing comes out but tomfoolery. But this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow ennobled and no-one dare criticise it.
computers	tech	general	0	If you teach your children to like computers and to know how to gamble then they'll always be interested in something and won't come to no real harm.
computers	tech	general	0	If you think the system is working, ask someone who's waiting for a prompt.
computers	tech	general	0	If you're crossing the nation in a covered wagon, it's better to have four strong oxen than 100 chickens. Chickens are OK but we can't make them work together yet.
computers	tech	general	0	Ignorance is bliss.
computers	tech	general	0	Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining.
computers	tech	general	0	In a display of perverse brilliance, Carl the repairman mistakes a room humidifier for a mid-range computer but manages to tie it into the network anyway. -- The 5th Wave
computers	tech	general	0	In a five year period we can get one superb programming language. Only we can't control when the five year period will begin.
computers	tech	general	0	In any formula, constants (especially those obtained from handbooks) are to be treated as variables.
computers	tech	general	0	In any problem, if you find yourself doing an infinite amount of work, the answer may be obtained by inspection.
computers	tech	general	0	In computing, the mean time to failure keeps getting shorter.
computers	tech	general	0	In English, every word can be verbed. Would that it were so in our programming languages.
computers	tech	general	0	In every non-trivial program there is at least one bug.
computers	tech	general	0	In less than a century, computers will be making substantial progress on ... the overriding problem of war and peace.
computers	tech	general	0	In practice, failures in system development, like unemployment in Russia, happens a lot despite official propaganda to the contrary.
computers	tech	general	0	In seeking the unattainable, simplicity only gets in the way. -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	general	0	In the future, you're going to get computers as prizes in breakfast cereals. You'll throw them out because your house will be littered with them.
computers	tech	general	0	In the long run, every program becomes rococo, and then rubble.
computers	tech	general	0	Intel CPUs are not defective, they just act that way.
computers	tech	general	0	>>> Internal error in fortune program: >>> fnum=2987 n=45 flag=1 goose_level=-232323 >>> Please write down these values and notify fortune program administrator.
computers	tech	general	0	Introducing, the 1010, a one-bit processor. INSTRUCTION SET Code Mnemonic What 0 NOP No Operation 1 JMP Jump (address specified by next 2 bits) Now Available for only 12 1/2 cents!
computers	tech	general	0	IOT trap -- core dumped
computers	tech	general	0	Is a computer language with gotos totally Wirth-less?
computers	tech	general	0	Is it possible that software is not like anything else, that it is meant to be discarded: that the whole point is to always see it as a soap bubble?
computers	tech	general	0	: is not an identifier
computers	tech	general	0	Is your job running? You'd better go catch it!
computers	tech	general	0	It appears that PL/I (and its dialects) is, or will be, the most widely used higher level language for systems programming.
computers	tech	general	0	It is against the grain of modern education to teach children to program. What fun is there in making plans, acquiring discipline in organizing thoughts, devoting attention to detail, and learning to be self-critical?
computers	tech	general	0	It is easier to change the specification to fit the program than vice versa.
computers	tech	general	0	It is easier to write an incorrect program than understand a correct one.
computers	tech	general	0	It is now pitch dark. If you proceed, you will likely fall into a pit.
computers	tech	general	0	It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration.
computers	tech	general	0	[It is] best to confuse only one issue at a time. -- K&R
computers	tech	general	0	It isn't easy being the parent of a six-year-old. However, it's a pretty small price to pay for having somebody around the house who understands computers.
computers	tech	general	0	"It runs like x, where x is something unsavory"
computers	tech	general	0	It was kinda like stuffing the wrong card in a computer, when you're stickin' those artificial stimulants in your arm.
computers	tech	general	0	It's a naive, domestic operating system without any breeding, but I think you'll be amused by its presumption.
computers	tech	general	0	It's multiple choice time... What is FORTRAN? a: Between thre and fiv tran. b: What two computers engage in before they interface. c: Ridiculous.
computers	tech	general	0	It's ten o'clock; do you know where your processes are?
computers	tech	general	0	... Jesus cried with a loud voice: Lazarus, come forth; the bug hath been found and thy program runneth. And he that was dead came forth... -- John 11:43-44 [version 2.0?]
computers	tech	general	0	Just about every computer on the market today runs Unix, except the Mac (and nobody cares about it).
computers	tech	general	0	Just go with the flow control, roll with the crunches, and, when you get a prompt, type like hell.
computers	tech	general	0	Keep the number of passes in a compiler to a minimum.
computers	tech	general	0	Kiss your keyboard goodbye!
computers	tech	general	0	Know Thy User.
computers	tech	general	0	((lambda (foo) (bar foo)) (baz))
computers	tech	general	0	Let the machine do the dirty work. -- "Elements of Programming Style", Kernighan and Ritchie
computers	tech	general	0	Leveraging always beats prototyping.
computers	tech	general	0	Life would be so much easier if we could just look at the source code.
computers	tech	general	0	Like punning, programming is a play on words.
computers	tech	general	0	Line Printer paper is strongest at the perforations.
computers	tech	general	0	Lisp Users: Due to the holiday next Monday, there will be no garbage collection.
computers	tech	general	0	Little known fact about Middle Earth: The Hobbits had a very sophisticated computer network! It was a Tolkien Ring...
computers	tech	general	0	Logic doesn't apply to the real world.
computers	tech	general	0	Long computations which yield zero are probably all for naught.
computers	tech	general	0	Loose bits sink chips.
computers	tech	general	0	Mac Airways: The cashiers, flight attendants and pilots all look the same, feel the same and act the same. When asked questions about the flight, they reply that you don't want to know, don't need to know and would you please return to your seat and watch the movie.
computers	tech	general	0	MAC user's dynamic debugging list evaluator? Never heard of that.
computers	tech	general	0	"Mach was the greatest intellectual fraud in the last ten years." "What about X?" "I said `intellectual'." ;login, 9/1990
computers	tech	general	0	Machines certainly can solve problems, store information, correlate, and play games -- but not with pleasure.
computers	tech	general	0	Machines that have broken down will work perfectly when the repairman arrives.
computers	tech	general	0	Make sure your code does nothing gracefully.
computers	tech	general	0	Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft ... and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor.
computers	tech	general	0	Many of the convicted thieves Parker has met began their life of crime after taking college Computer Science courses.
computers	tech	general	0	Martin was probably ripping them off. That's some family, isn't it? Incest, prostitution, fanaticism, software.
computers	tech	general	0	Marvelous! The super-user's going to boot me! What a finely tuned response to the situation!
computers	tech	general	0	** MAXIMUM TERMINALS ACTIVE. TRY AGAIN LATER **
computers	tech	general	0	May all your PUSHes be POPped.
computers	tech	general	0	May Euell Gibbons eat your only copy of the manual!
computers	tech	general	0	May the bluebird of happiness twiddle your bits.
computers	tech	general	0	Maybe Computer Science should be in the College of Theology.
computers	tech	general	0	Memory fault - where am I?
computers	tech	general	0	Memory fault -- brain fried
computers	tech	general	0	Memory fault -- core...uh...um...core... Oh dammit, I forget!
computers	tech	general	0	MESSAGE ACKNOWLEDGED
computers	tech	general	0	Message from Our Sponsor on ttyTV at 13:58 ...
computers	tech	general	0	Modeling paged and segmented memories is tricky business.
computers	tech	general	0	Mommy, what happens to your files when you die?
computers	tech	general	0	Most public domain software is free, at least at first glance.
computers	tech	general	0	MOUNT TAPE U1439 ON B3, NO RING
computers	tech	general	0	MSDOS is not dead, it just smells that way.
computers	tech	general	0	Much of the excitement we get out of our work is that we don't really know what we are doing.
computers	tech	general	0	Multics is security spelled sideways.
computers	tech	general	0	My sister opened a computer store in Hawaii. She sells C shells down by the seashore.
computers	tech	general	0	Nearly every complex solution to a programming problem that I have looked at carefully has turned out to be wrong.
computers	tech	general	0	Never make anything simple and efficient when a way can be found to make it complex and wonderful.
computers	tech	general	0	Never put off till run-time what you can do at compile-time.
computers	tech	general	0	Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle.
computers	tech	general	0	Never trust a computer you can't repair yourself.
computers	tech	general	0	Never trust an operating system.
computers	tech	general	0	Never try to explain computers to a layman. It's easier to explain sex to a virgin.
computers	tech	general	0	Never underestimate the bandwidth of a station wagon full of tapes.
computers	tech	general	0	New crypt. See /usr/news/crypt.
computers	tech	general	0	New systems generate new problems.
computers	tech	general	0	*** NEWS FLASH *** Archeologists find PDP-11/24 inside brain cavity of fossilized dinosaur skeleton! Many Digital users fear that RSX-11M may be even more primitive than DEC admits. Price adjustments at 11:00.
computers	tech	general	0	news: gotcha
computers	tech	general	0	Niklaus Wirth has lamented that, whereas Europeans pronounce his name correctly (Ni-klows Virt), Americans invariably mangle it into (Nick-les Worth). Which is to say that Europeans call him by name, but Americans call him by value.
computers	tech	general	0	No directory.
computers	tech	general	0	No extensible language will be universal.
computers	tech	general	0	No hardware designer should be allowed to produce any piece of hardware until three software guys have signed off for it.
computers	tech	general	0	No line available at 300 baud.
computers	tech	general	0	No man is an island if he's on at least one mailing list.
computers	tech	general	0	No part of this message may reproduce, store itself in a retrieval system, or transmit disease, in any form, without the permissiveness of the author.
computers	tech	general	0	No wonder Clairol makes so much money selling shampoo. Lather, Rinse, Repeat is an infinite loop!
computers	tech	general	0	No, I'm not interested in developing a powerful brain. All I'm after is just a mediocre brain, something like the president of American Telephone and Telegraph Company.
computers	tech	general	0	Nobody said computers were going to be polite.
computers	tech	general	0	Nobody's gonna believe that computers are intelligent until they start coming in late and lying about it.
computers	tech	general	0	My little brother got this fortune: nohup rm -fr /& So he did...
computers	tech	general	0	Not only is UNIX dead, it's starting to smell really bad.
computers	tech	general	0	Nothing happens.
computers	tech	general	0	"Now this is a totally brain damaged algorithm. Gag me with a smurfette."
computers	tech	general	0	"Nuclear war can ruin your whole compile."
computers	tech	general	0	Nurse Donna: Oh, Groucho, I'm afraid I'm gonna wind up an old maid. Groucho: Well, bring her in and we'll wind her up together. Nurse Donna: Do you believe in computer dating? Groucho: Only if the computers really love each other.
computers	tech	general	0	Oh, so there you are!
computers	tech	general	0	Okay, Okay -- I admit it. You didn't change that program that worked just a little while ago; I inserted some random characters into the executable. Please forgive me. You can recover the file by typing in the code over again, since I also removed the source.
computers	tech	general	0	Old mail has arrived.
computers	tech	general	0	Old programmers never die, they just become managers.
computers	tech	general	0	Old programmers never die, they just branch to a new address.
computers	tech	general	0	Old programmers never die, they just hit account block limit.
computers	tech	general	0	On a clear disk you can seek forever.
computers	tech	general	0	On the eighth day, God created FORTRAN.
computers	tech	general	0	On the Internet, nobody knows you're a dog. -- Cartoon caption
computers	tech	general	0	"One Architecture, One OS" also translates as "One Egg, One Basket".
computers	tech	general	0	"One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative." Having been on USENET for going on ten years, I disagree with this. The basic notion underlying USENET is the flame.
computers	tech	general	0	One good reason why computers can do more work than people is that they never have to stop and answer the phone.
computers	tech	general	0	... one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs.
computers	tech	general	0	One of the most overlooked advantages to computers is... If they do foul up, there's no law against whacking them around a little.
computers	tech	general	0	One person's error is another person's data.
computers	tech	general	0	One picture is worth 128K words.
computers	tech	general	0	Only great masters of style can succeed in being obtuse.
computers	tech	general	0	Our informal mission is to improve the love life of operators worldwide.
computers	tech	general	0	Our OS who art in CPU, UNIX be thy name. Thy programs run, thy syscalls done, In kernel as it is in user!
computers	tech	general	0	Over the shoulder supervision is more a need of the manager than the programming task.
computers	tech	general	0	Overflow on /dev/null, please empty the bit bucket.
computers	tech	general	0	Overload -- core meltdown sequence initiated.
computers	tech	general	0	panic: can't find /
computers	tech	general	0	panic: kernel segmentation violation. core dumped (only kidding)
computers	tech	general	0	panic: kernel trap (ignored)
computers	tech	general	0	Pascal is a language for children wanting to be naughty.
computers	tech	general	0	Pascal is not a high-level language.
computers	tech	general	0	"Pascal is Pascal is Pascal is dog meat."
computers	tech	general	0	Passwords are implemented as a result of insecurity.
computers	tech	general	0	Pause for storage relocation.
computers	tech	general	0	Per buck you get more computing action with the small computer.
computers	tech	general	0	PL/I -- "the fatal disease" -- belongs more to the problem set than to the solution set.
computers	tech	general	0	Play Rogue, visit exotic locations, meet strange creatures and kill them.
computers	tech	general	0	Please go away.
computers	tech	general	0	PLUG IT IN!!!
computers	tech	general	0	Premature optimization is the root of all evil.
computers	tech	general	0	Prof: So the American government went to IBM to come up with a data encryption standard and they came up with ... Student: EBCDIC!"
computers	tech	general	0	Profanity is the one language all programmers know best.
computers	tech	general	0	Programmers do it bit by bit.
computers	tech	general	0	Programmers used to batch environments may find it hard to live without giant listings; we would find it hard to use them.
computers	tech	general	0	Programming is an unnatural act.
computers	tech	general	0	PURGE COMPLETE.
computers	tech	general	0	Put no trust in cryptic comments.
computers	tech	general	0	RADIO SHACK LEVEL II BASIC READY >_
computers	tech	general	0	RAM wasn't built in a day.
computers	tech	general	0	Reactor error - core dumped!
computers	tech	general	0	Real computer scientists admire ADA for its overwhelming aesthetic value but they find it difficult to actually program in it, as it is much too large to implement. Most computer scientists don't notice this because they are still arguing over what else to add to ADA.
computers	tech	general	0	Real computer scientists despise the idea of actual hardware. Hardware has limitations, software doesn't. It's a real shame that Turing machines are so poor at I/O.
computers	tech	general	0	Real computer scientists don't comment their code. The identifiers are so long they can't afford the disk space.
computers	tech	general	0	Real computer scientists don't program in assembler. They don't write in anything less portable than a number two pencil.
computers	tech	general	0	Real computer scientists don't write code. They occasionally tinker with `programming systems', but those are so high level that they hardly count (and rarely count accurately; precision is for applications).
computers	tech	general	0	Real computer scientists like having a computer on their desk, else how could they read their mail?
computers	tech	general	0	Real computer scientists only write specs for languages that might run on future hardware. Nobody trusts them to write specs for anything homo sapiens will ever be able to fit on a single planet.
computers	tech	general	0	Real programmers disdain structured programming. Structured programming is for compulsive neurotics who were prematurely toilet- trained. They wear neckties and carefully line up pencils on otherwise clear desks.
computers	tech	general	0	Real programmers don't bring brown-bag lunches. If the vending machine doesn't sell it, they don't eat it. Vending machines don't sell quiche.
computers	tech	general	0	Real programmers don't comment their code. It was hard to write, it should be hard to understand.
computers	tech	general	0	Real programmers don't draw flowcharts. Flowcharts are, after all, the illiterate's form of documentation. Cavemen drew flowcharts; look how much good it did them.
computers	tech	general	0	Real Programmers don't eat quiche. They eat Twinkies and Szechwan food.
computers	tech	general	0	Real Programmers don't play tennis, or any other sport that requires you to change clothes. Mountain climbing is OK, and real programmers wear their climbing boots to work in case a mountain should suddenly spring up in the middle of the machine room.
computers	tech	general	0	Real programmers don't write in BASIC. Actually, no programmers write in BASIC after reaching puberty.
computers	tech	general	0	Real Programmers don't write in FORTRAN. FORTRAN is for pipe stress freaks and crystallography weenies. FORTRAN is for wimp engineers who wear white socks.
computers	tech	general	0	Real Programmers don't write in PL/I. PL/I is for programmers who can't decide whether to write in COBOL or FORTRAN.
computers	tech	general	0	Real Programmers think better when playing Adventure or Rogue.
computers	tech	general	0	Real programs don't eat cache.
computers	tech	general	0	Real Programs don't use shared text. Otherwise, how can they use functions for scratch space after they are finished calling them?
computers	tech	general	0	Real software engineers don't debug programs, they verify correctness. This process doesn't necessarily involve execution of anything on a computer, except perhaps a Correctness Verification Aid package.
computers	tech	general	0	Real software engineers work from 9 to 5, because that is the way the job is described in the formal spec. Working late would feel like using an undocumented external procedure.
computers	tech	general	0	Real Users are afraid they'll break the machine -- but they're never afraid to break your face.
computers	tech	general	0	Real Users find the one combination of bizarre input values that shuts down the system for days.
computers	tech	general	0	Real Users hate Real Programmers.
computers	tech	general	0	Real Users know your home telephone number.
computers	tech	general	0	Real Users never know what they want, but they always know when your program doesn't deliver it.
computers	tech	general	0	Real Users never use the Help key.
computers	tech	general	0	Recursion is the root of computation since it trades description for time.
computers	tech	general	0	Remember the good old days, when CPU was singular?
computers	tech	general	0	Remember, God could only create the world in 6 days because he didn't have an established user base.
computers	tech	general	0	Remember, UNIX spelled backwards is XINU.
computers	tech	general	0	Remember: use logout to logout.
computers	tech	general	0	Row, row, row your bits, gently down the stream...
computers	tech	general	0	Save energy: Drive a smaller shell.
computers	tech	general	0	Save gas, don't use the shell.
computers	tech	general	0	Save yourself! Reboot in 5 seconds!
computers	tech	general	0	Say "twenty-three-skiddoo" to logout.
computers	tech	general	0	SCCS, the source motel! Programs check in and never check out!
computers	tech	general	0	Science is to computer science as hydrodynamics is to plumbing.
computers	tech	general	0	Scotty: Captain, we din' can reference it! Kirk: Analysis, Mr. Spock? Spock: Captain, it doesn't appear in the symbol table. Kirk: Then it's of external origin? Spock: Affirmative. Kirk: Mr. Sulu, go to pass two. Sulu: Aye aye, sir, going to pass two.
computers	tech	general	0	Security check: INTRUDER ALERT!
computers	tech	general	0	Send some filthy mail.
computers	tech	general	0	Sendmail may be safely run set-user-id to root.
computers	tech	general	0	She sells cshs by the cshore.
computers	tech	general	0	Simulations are like miniskirts, they show a lot and hide the essentials.
computers	tech	general	0	skldfjkljklsR%^&(IXDRTYju187pkasdjbasdfbuil h;asvgy8p 23r1vyui135 2 kmxsij90TYDFS$$b jkzxdjkl bjnk ;j nk;<[][;-==-<<<<<';[, [hjioasdvbnuio;buip^&(FTSD$%*VYUI:buio;sdf}[asdf'] sdoihjfh(_YU*G&F^*CTY98y Now look what you've gone and done! You've broken it!
computers	tech	general	0	Slowly and surely the unix crept up on the Nintendo user ...
computers	tech	general	0	Software production is assumed to be a line function, but it is run like a staff function.
computers	tech	general	0	Software suppliers are trying to make their software packages more "user-friendly". ... Their best approach, so far, has been to take all the old brochures, and stamp the words, "user-friendly" on the cover.
computers	tech	general	0	Some of my readers ask me what a "Serial Port" is. The answer is: I don't know. Is it some kind of wine you have with breakfast?
computers	tech	general	0	Some people claim that the UNIX learning curve is steep, but at least you only have to climb it once.
computers	tech	general	0	Some programming languages manage to absorb change, but withstand progress. -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	general	0	Somebody's terminal is dropping bits. I found a pile of them over in the corner.
computers	tech	general	0	Staff meeting in the conference room in %d minutes.
computers	tech	general	0	Staff meeting in the conference room in 3 minutes.
computers	tech	general	0	Standards are crucial. And the best thing about standards is: there are so many to choose from!
computers	tech	general	0	Stinginess with privileges is kindness in disguise. -- Guide to VAX/VMS Security, Sep. 1984
computers	tech	general	0	Such efforts are almost always slow, laborious, political, petty, boring, ponderous, thankless, and of the utmost criticality.
computers	tech	general	0	Swap read error. You lose your mind.
computers	tech	general	0	Syntactic sugar causes cancer of the semicolon. -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	general	0	System checkpoint complete.
computers	tech	general	0	System going down at 1:45 this afternoon for disk crashing.
computers	tech	general	0	System going down at 5 this afternoon to install scheduler bug.
computers	tech	general	0	System going down in 5 minutes.
computers	tech	general	0	System restarting, wait...
computers	tech	general	0	 *** System shutdown message from root *** System going down in 60 seconds
computers	tech	general	0	Systems have sub-systems and sub-systems have sub-systems and so on ad infinitum -- which is why we're always starting over. -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	general	0	Systems programmers are the high priests of a low cult.
computers	tech	general	0	Testing can show the presence of bugs, but not their absence.
computers	tech	general	0	TeX is potentially the most significant invention in typesetting in this century. It introduces a standard language for computer typography, and in terms of importance could rank near the introduction of the Gutenberg press.
computers	tech	general	0	"Text processing has made it possible to right-justify any idea, even one which cannot be justified on any other grounds."
computers	tech	general	0	That does not compute.
computers	tech	general	0	That's the thing about people who think they hate computers. What they really hate is lousy programmers.
computers	tech	general	0	The "cutting edge" is getting rather dull.
computers	tech	general	0	The 11 is for people with the pride of a 10 and the pocketbook of an 8.
computers	tech	general	0	The absence of labels [in ECL] is probably a good thing.
computers	tech	general	0	The algorithm for finding the longest path in a graph is NP-complete. For you systems people, that means it's *real slow*.
computers	tech	general	0	"The algorithm to do that is extremely nasty. You might want to mug someone with it."
computers	tech	general	0	The Analytical Engine weaves Algebraical patterns just as the Jacquard loom weaves flowers and leaves.
computers	tech	general	0	"The bad reputation UNIX has gotten is totally undeserved, laid on by people who don't understand, who have not gotten in there and tried anything."
computers	tech	general	0	The beer-cooled computer does not harm the ozone layer.
computers	tech	general	0	The best book on programming for the layman is "Alice in Wonderland"; but that's because it's the best book on anything for the layman.
computers	tech	general	0	The best way to accelerate a Macintoy is at 9.8 meters per second per second.
computers	tech	general	0	The bogosity meter just pegged.
computers	tech	general	0	The bugs you have to avoid are the ones that give the user not only the inclination to get on a plane, but also the time.
computers	tech	general	0	"The C Programming Language -- A language which combines the flexibility of assembly language with the power of assembly language."
computers	tech	general	0	The clothes have no emperor.
computers	tech	general	0	The computer industry is journalists in their 20's standing in awe of entrepreneurs in their 30's who are hiring salesmen in their 40's and 50's and paying them in the 60's and 70's to bring their marketing into the 80's.
computers	tech	general	0	The computer is to the information industry roughly what the central power station is to the electrical industry.
computers	tech	general	0	"The Computer made me do it."
computers	tech	general	0	The computing field is always in need of new cliches.
computers	tech	general	0	The connection between the language in which we think/program and the problems and solutions we can imagine is very close. For this reason restricting language features with the intent of eliminating programmer errors is at best dangerous.
computers	tech	general	0	The day-to-day travails of the IBM programmer are so amusing to most of us who are fortunate enough never to have been one -- like watching Charlie Chaplin trying to cook a shoe.
computers	tech	general	0	The debate rages on: Is PL/I Bachtrian or Dromedary?
computers	tech	general	0	The difference between art and science is that science is what we understand well enough to explain to a computer. Art is everything else.
computers	tech	general	0	The disks are getting full; purge a file today.
computers	tech	general	0	"The eleventh commandment was `Thou Shalt Compute' or `Thou Shalt Not Compute' -- I forget which." -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	general	0	The first time, it's a KLUDGE! The second, a trick. Later, it's a well-established technique!
computers	tech	general	0	The first version always gets thrown away.
computers	tech	general	0	The flow chart is a most thoroughly oversold piece of program documentation.
computers	tech	general	0	The goal of Computer Science is to build something that will last at least until we've finished building it.
computers	tech	general	0	The human mind ordinarily operates at only ten percent of its capacity -- the rest is overhead for the operating system.
computers	tech	general	0	The IBM 2250 is impressive ... if you compare it with a system selling for a tenth its price.
computers	tech	general	0	The IBM purchase of ROLM gives new meaning to the term "twisted pair".
computers	tech	general	0	The idea that an arbitrary naive human should be able to properly use a given tool without training or understanding is even more wrong for computing than it is for other tools (e.g. automobiles, airplanes, guns, power saws).
computers	tech	general	0	The last time somebody said, "I find I can write much better with a word processor.", I replied, "They used to say the same thing about drugs."
computers	tech	general	0	The less time planning, the more time programming.
computers	tech	general	0	THE LESSER-KNOWN PROGRAMMING LANGUAGES #12: LITHP This otherwise unremarkable language is distinguished by the absence of an "S" in its character set; users must substitute "TH". LITHP is said to be useful in protheththing lithtth.
computers	tech	general	0	The Macintosh is Xerox technology at its best.
computers	tech	general	0	The master programmer moves from program to program without fear. No change in management can harm him. He will not be fired, even if the project is canceled. Why is this? He is filled with the Tao.
computers	tech	general	0	The meat is rotten, but the booze is holding out. Computer translation of "The spirit is willing, but the flesh is weak."
computers	tech	general	0	The meta-Turing test counts a thing as intelligent if it seeks to devise and apply Turing tests to objects of its own creation.
computers	tech	general	0	The more data I punch in this card, the lighter it becomes, and the lower the mailing cost.
computers	tech	general	0	The most important early product on the way to developing a good product is an imperfect version.
computers	tech	general	0	The moving cursor writes, and having written, blinks on.
computers	tech	general	0	The net is like a vast sea of lutefisk with tiny dinosaur brains embedded in it here and there. Any given spoonful will likely have an IQ of 1, but occasional spoonfuls may have an IQ more than six times that! -- James 'Kibo' Parry
computers	tech	general	0	The New Testament offers the basis for modern computer coding theory, in the form of an affirmation of the binary number system. But let your communication be Yea, yea; nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil. -- Matthew 5:37
computers	tech	general	0	The next person to mention spaghetti stacks to me is going to have his head knocked off.
computers	tech	general	0	The nice thing about standards is that there are so many of them to choose from.
computers	tech	general	0	The nicest thing about the Alto is that it doesn't run faster at night.
computers	tech	general	0	The notion of a "record" is an obsolete remnant of the days of the 80-column card.
computers	tech	general	0	The number of arguments is unimportant unless some of them are correct.
computers	tech	general	0	The number of computer scientists in a room is inversely proportional to the number of bugs in their code.
computers	tech	general	0	The number of UNIX installations has grown to 10, with more expected.
computers	tech	general	0	The only difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman is that the car salesman knows he's lying.
computers	tech	general	0	The only thing cheaper than hardware is talk.
computers	tech	general	0	The only thing worse than X Windows: (X Windows) - X
computers	tech	general	0	The party adjourned to a hot tub, yes. Fully clothed, I might add. -- IBM employee, testifying in California State Supreme Court
computers	tech	general	0	The personal computer market is about the same size as the total potato chip market. Next year it will be about half the size of the pet food market and is fast approaching the total worldwide sales of pantyhose"
computers	tech	general	0	The primary function of the design engineer is to make things difficult for the fabricator and impossible for the serviceman.
computers	tech	general	0	The problem with engineers is that they tend to cheat in order to get results. The problem with mathematicians is that they tend to work on toy problems in order to get results. The problem with program verifiers is that they tend to cheat at toy problems in order to get results.
computers	tech	general	0	The problems of business administration in general, and database management in particular, are much too difficult for people that think in IBMese, compounded with sloppy english.
computers	tech	general	0	The program isn't debugged until the last user is dead.
computers	tech	general	0	The proof that IBM didn't invent the car is that it has a steering wheel and an accelerator instead of spurs and ropes, to be compatible with a horse.
computers	tech	general	0	The question of whether computers can think is just like the question of whether submarines can swim.
computers	tech	general	0	The reason computer chips are so small is computers don't eat much.
computers	tech	general	0	The relative importance of files depends on their cost in terms of the human effort needed to regenerate them.
computers	tech	general	0	The road to hell is paved with NAND gates.
computers	tech	general	0	The sendmail configuration file is one of those files that looks like someone beat their head on the keyboard. After working with it... I can see why!
computers	tech	general	0	The so-called "desktop metaphor" of today's workstations is instead an "airplane-seat" metaphor. Anyone who has shuffled a lap full of papers while seated between two portly passengers will recognize the difference -- one can see only a very few things at once.
computers	tech	general	0	The steady state of disks is full.
computers	tech	general	0	The system was down for backups from 5am to 10am last Saturday.
computers	tech	general	0	The system will be down for 10 days for preventive maintenance.
computers	tech	general	0	The Tao is like a glob pattern: used but never used up. It is like the extern void: filled with infinite possibilities. It is masked but always present. I don't know who built to it. It came before the first kernel.
computers	tech	general	0	The trouble with computers is that they do what you tell them, not what you want.
computers	tech	general	0	The UNIX philosophy basically involves giving you enough rope to hang yourself. And then a couple of feet more, just to be sure.
computers	tech	general	0	The use of anthropomorphic terminology when dealing with computing systems is a symptom of professional immaturity.
computers	tech	general	0	The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offence.
computers	tech	general	0	The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.
computers	tech	general	0	The world is coming to an end ... SAVE YOUR BUFFERS!!!
computers	tech	general	0	The world is coming to an end. Please log off.
computers	tech	general	0	The world is not octal despite DEC.
computers	tech	general	0	The world will end in 5 minutes. Please log out.
computers	tech	general	0	The young lady had an unusual list, Linked in part to a structural weakness. She set no preconditions.
computers	tech	general	0	THEGODDESSOFTHENETHASTWISTINGFINGERSANDHERVOICEISLIKEAJAVELININTHENIGHTDUDE
computers	tech	general	0	There are never any bugs you haven't found yet.
computers	tech	general	0	There are new messages.
computers	tech	general	0	There are no games on this system.
computers	tech	general	0	There are running jobs. Why don't you go chase them?
computers	tech	general	0	There are three kinds of people: men, women, and unix.
computers	tech	general	0	There are three possibilities: Pioneer's solar panel has turned away from the sun; there's a large meteor blocking transmission; someone loaded Star Trek 3.2 into our video processor.
computers	tech	general	0	There are two major products that come out of Berkeley: LSD and UNIX. We don't believe this to be a coincidence.
computers	tech	general	0	There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies.
computers	tech	general	0	There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third one works.
computers	tech	general	0	There is no reason for any individual to have a computer in their home.
computers	tech	general	0	There is no distinction between any AI program and some existent game.
computers	tech	general	0	There's got to be more to life than compile-and-go.
computers	tech	general	0	They are called computers simply because computation is the only significant job that has so far been given to them.
computers	tech	general	0	They are relatively good but absolutely terrible.
computers	tech	general	0	They seem to have learned the habit of cowering before authority even when not actually threatened. How very nice for authority. I decided not to learn this particular lesson.
computers	tech	general	0	Think of it! With VLSI we can pack 100 ENIACs in 1 sq. cm.!
computers	tech	general	0	Think of your family tonight. Try to crawl home after the computer crashes.
computers	tech	general	0	This dungeon is owned and operated by Frobozz Magic Co., Ltd.
computers	tech	general	0	This file will self-destruct in five minutes.
computers	tech	general	0	This is an unauthorized cybernetic announcement.
computers	tech	general	0	"This is lemma 1.1. We start a new chapter so the numbers all go back to one."
computers	tech	general	0	This login session: $13.76, but for you $11.88.
computers	tech	general	0	This login session: $13.99
computers	tech	general	0	This process can check if this value is zero, and if it is, it does something child-like.
computers	tech	general	0	This screen intentionally left blank.
computers	tech	general	0	This system will self-destruct in five minutes.
computers	tech	general	0	* * * * * THIS TERMINAL IS IN USE * * * * *
computers	tech	general	0	Those parts of the system that you can hit with a hammer (not advised) are called hardware; those program instructions that you can only curse at are called software.
computers	tech	general	0	Those who can't write, write manuals.
computers	tech	general	0	Those who do not understand Unix are condemned to reinvent it, poorly.
computers	tech	general	0	Thrashing is just virtual crashing.
computers	tech	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "A well-written program is its own heaven; a poorly-written program is its own hell."
computers	tech	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "After three days without programming, life becomes meaningless."
computers	tech	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "Let the programmers be many and the managers few -- then all will be productive."
computers	tech	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "Though a program be but three lines long, someday it will have to be maintained."
computers	tech	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "Time for you to leave."
computers	tech	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "When a program is being tested, it is too late to make design changes."
computers	tech	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "When you have learned to snatch the error code from the trap frame, it will be time for you to leave."
computers	tech	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "Without the wind, the grass does not move. Without software, hardware is useless."
computers	tech	general	0	Thus spake the master programmer: "You can demonstrate a program for a corporate executive, but you can't make him computer literate."
computers	tech	general	0	Time sharing: The use of many people by the computer.
computers	tech	general	0	Time-sharing is the junk-mail part of the computer business.
computers	tech	general	0	To be a kind of moral Unix, he touched the hem of Nature's shift.
computers	tech	general	0	To communicate is the beginning of understanding. -- AT&T
computers	tech	general	0	To err is human -- to blame it on a computer is even more so.
computers	tech	general	0	To err is human, to forgive, beyond the scope of the Operating System.
computers	tech	general	0	To iterate is human, to recurse, divine.
computers	tech	general	0	To say that UNIX is doomed is pretty rabid, OS/2 will certainly play a role, but you don't build a hundred million instructions per second multiprocessor micro and then try to run it on OS/2. I mean, get serious.
computers	tech	general	0	To the systems programmer, users and applications serve only to provide a test load.
computers	tech	general	0	To understand a program you must become both the machine and the program.
computers	tech	general	0	Today is a good day for information-gathering. Read someone else's mail file.
computers	tech	general	0	Today is the first day of the rest of your lossage.
computers	tech	general	0	Tomorrow's computers some time next month.
computers	tech	general	0	Too often people have come to me and said, "If I had just one wish for anything in all the world, I would wish for more user-defined equations in the HP-51820A Waveform Generator Software."
computers	tech	general	0	TRANSACTION CANCELLED
computers	tech	general	0	Trap full -- please empty.
computers	tech	general	0	Truly simple systems... require infinite testing.
computers	tech	general	0	Try `stty 0' -- it works much better.
computers	tech	general	0	try again
computers	tech	general	0	Trying to be happy is like trying to build a machine for which the only specification is that it should run noiselessly.
computers	tech	general	0	Trying to establish voice contact ... please yell into keyboard.
computers	tech	general	0	Type louder, please.
computers	tech	general	0	U X e dUdX, e dX, cosine, secant, tangent, sine, 3.14159...
computers	tech	general	0	Ummm, well, OK. The network's the network, the computer's the computer. Sorry for the confusion.
computers	tech	general	0	"Uncle Cosmo ... why do they call this a word processor?" "It's simple, Skyler ... you've seen what food processors do to food, right?"
computers	tech	general	0	UNIX enhancements aren't.
computers	tech	general	0	Unix gives you just enough rope to hang yourself -- and then a couple of more feet, just to be sure.
computers	tech	general	0	Unix is a Registered Bell of AT&T Trademark Laboratories.
computers	tech	general	0	* UNIX is a Trademark of Bell Laboratories.
computers	tech	general	0	UNIX is hot. It's more than hot. It's steaming. It's quicksilver lightning with a laserbeam kicker.
computers	tech	general	0	UNIX is many things to many people, but it's never been everything to anybody.
computers	tech	general	0	Unix is the worst operating system; except for all others.
computers	tech	general	0	Unix soit qui mal y pense [Unix to him who evil thinks?]
computers	tech	general	0	UNIX was half a billion (500000000) seconds old on Tue Nov 5 00:53:20 1985 GMT (measuring since the time(2) epoch).
computers	tech	general	0	UNIX was not designed to stop you from doing stupid things, because that would also stop you from doing clever things.
computers	tech	general	0	Unix will self-destruct in five seconds... 4... 3... 2... 1...
computers	tech	general	0	Usage: fortune -P [-f] -a [xsz] Q: file [rKe9] -v6[+] file1 ...
computers	tech	general	0	Usage: fortune -P [] -a [xsz] [Q: [file]] [rKe9] -v6[+] dataspec ... inputdir
computers	tech	general	0	USENET would be a better laboratory if there were more labor and less oratory.
computers	tech	general	0	User hostile.
computers	tech	general	0	Using TSO is like kicking a dead whale down the beach.
computers	tech	general	0	/usr/news/gotcha
computers	tech	general	0	Variables don't; constants aren't.
computers	tech	general	0	Vax Vobiscum
computers	tech	general	0	"Virtual" means never knowing where your next byte is coming from.
computers	tech	general	0	Vitamin C deficiency is apauling.
computers	tech	general	0	VMS Beer: Requires minimal user interaction, except for popping the top and sipping. However cans have been known on occasion to explode, or contain extremely un-beer-like contents.
computers	tech	general	0	VMS is like a nightmare about RXS-11M.
computers	tech	general	0	VMS version 2.0 ==>
computers	tech	general	0	Wasn't there something about a PASCAL programmer knowing the value of everything and the Wirth of nothing?
computers	tech	general	0	We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
computers	tech	general	0	We are experiencing system trouble -- do not adjust your terminal.
computers	tech	general	0	We are Microsoft. Unix is irrelevant. Openness is futile. Prepare to be assimilated.
computers	tech	general	0	We are not a clone.
computers	tech	general	0	"We are on the verge: Today our program proved Fermat's next-to-last theorem." -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	general	0	We are preparing to think about contemplating preliminary work on plans to develop a schedule for producing the 10th Edition of the Unix Programmers Manual.
computers	tech	general	0	We can found no scientific discipline, nor a healthy profession on the technical mistakes of the Department of Defense and IBM.
computers	tech	general	0	We don't really understand it, so we'll give it to the programmers.
computers	tech	general	0	We don't understand the software, and sometimes we don't understand the hardware, but we can *see* the blinking lights!
computers	tech	general	0	[We] use bad software and bad machines for the wrong things.
computers	tech	general	0	Welcome to boggle - do you want instructions? D G G O O Y A N A D B T K I S P Enter words: >
computers	tech	general	0	What is the difference between a Turing machine and the modern computer? It's the same as that between Hillary's ascent of Everest and the establishment of a Hilton on its peak.
computers	tech	general	0	"What is the Nature of God?" CLICK...CLICK...WHIRRR...CLICK...=BEEP!= 1 QT. SOUR CREAM 1 TSP. SAUERKRAUT 1/2 CUT CHIVES. STIR AND SPRINKLE WITH BACON BITS. "I've just GOT to start labeling my software..."
computers	tech	general	0	What the hell is it good for?
computers	tech	general	0	What this country needs is a good five cent microcomputer.
computers	tech	general	0	"What's that thing?" "Well, it's a highly technical, sensitive instrument we use in computer repair. Being a layman, you probably can't grasp exactly what it does. We call it a two-by-four."
computers	tech	general	0	When Dexter's on the Internet, can Hell be far behind?"
computers	tech	general	0	... when fits of creativity run strong, more than one programmer or writer has been known to abandon the desktop for the more spacious floor.
computers	tech	general	0	When someone says "I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done," give him a lollipop.
computers	tech	general	0	When we understand knowledge-based systems, it will be as before -- except our fingertips will have been singed. -- Epigrams in Programming, ACM SIGPLAN Sept. 1982
computers	tech	general	0	When we write programs that "learn", it turns out we do and they don't.
computers	tech	general	0	Where a calculator on the ENIAC is equipped with 18,000 vacuum tubes and weighs 30 tons, computers in the future may have only 1,000 vaccuum tubes and perhaps weigh 1 1/2 tons.
computers	tech	general	0	"Who cares if it doesn't do anything? It was made with our new Triple-Iso-Bifurcated-Krypton-Gate-MOS process ..."
computers	tech	general	0	Whom computers would destroy, they must first drive mad.
computers	tech	general	0	Why did the Roman Empire collapse? What is the Latin for office automation?
computers	tech	general	0	Why do we want intelligent terminals when there are so many stupid users?
computers	tech	general	0	Windows Airlines: The terminal is very neat and clean, the attendants all very attractive, the pilots very capable. The fleet of Learjets the carrier operates is immense. Your jet takes off without a hitch, pushing above the clouds, and at 20,000 feet it explodes without warning.
computers	tech	general	0	With your bare hands?!?
computers	tech	general	0	Within a computer, natural language is unnatural.
computers	tech	general	0	Work continues in this area.
computers	tech	general	0	Worthless.
computers	tech	general	0	Would you people stop playing these stupid games?!?!?!!!!
computers	tech	general	0	Writing software is more fun than working.
computers	tech	general	0	Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of APL, I shall fear no evil, for I can string six primitive monadic and dyadic operators together.
computers	tech	general	0	Yes, we will be going to OSI, Mars, and Pluto, but not necessarily in that order.
computers	tech	general	0	You are an insult to my intelligence! I demand that you log off immediately.
computers	tech	general	0	You are false data.
computers	tech	general	0	You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all alike.
computers	tech	general	0	You are in a maze of little twisting passages, all different.
computers	tech	general	0	You are in the hall of the mountain king.
computers	tech	general	0	You are lost in the Swamps of Despair.
computers	tech	general	0	You can be replaced by this computer.
computers	tech	general	0	You can bring any calculator you like to the midterm, as long as it doesn't dim the lights when you turn it on.
computers	tech	general	0	You can do this in a number of ways. IBM chose to do all of them. Why do you find that funny?
computers	tech	general	0	You can measure a programmer's perspective by noting his attitude on the continuing viability of FORTRAN.
computers	tech	general	0	You can now buy more gates with less specifications than at any other time in history.
computers	tech	general	0	You can tell how far we have to go, when FORTRAN is the language of supercomputers.
computers	tech	general	0	You can tune a piano, but you can't tuna fish. You can tune a filesystem, but you can't tuna fish. -- from the tunefs(8) man page
computers	tech	general	0	You can write a small letter to Grandma in the filename.
computers	tech	general	0	You can't go home again, unless you set $HOME.
computers	tech	general	0	"You can't make a program without broken egos."
computers	tech	general	0	You can't take damsel here now.
computers	tech	general	0	You do not have mail.
computers	tech	general	0	You don't have to know how the computer works, just how to work the computer.
computers	tech	general	0	You had mail, but the super-user read it, and deleted it!
computers	tech	general	0	You had mail. Paul read it, so ask him what it said.
computers	tech	general	0	You have a massage (from the Swedish prime minister).
computers	tech	general	0	You have a message from the operator.
computers	tech	general	0	You have a tendency to feel you are superior to most computers.
computers	tech	general	0	You have acquired a scroll entitled 'irk gleknow mizk'(n).--More-- This is an IBM Manual scroll.--More-- You are permanently confused.
computers	tech	general	0	You have junk mail.
computers	tech	general	0	You have mail.
computers	tech	general	0	You know you've been sitting in front of your Lisp machine too long when you go out to the junk food machine and start wondering how to make it give you the CADR of Item H so you can get that yummie chocolate cupcake that's stuck behind the disgusting vanilla one.
computers	tech	general	0	You know you've been spending too much time on the computer when your friend misdates a check, and you suggest adding a "++" to fix it.
computers	tech	general	0	You know, Callahan's is a peaceable bar, but if you ask that dog what his favorite formatter is, and he says "roff! roff!", well, I'll just have to...
computers	tech	general	0	You might have mail.
computers	tech	general	0	You must realize that the computer has it in for you. The irrefutable proof of this is that the computer always does what you tell it to do.
computers	tech	general	0	You scratch my tape, and I'll scratch yours.
computers	tech	general	0	You will have a head crash on your private pack.
computers	tech	general	0	You will have many recoverable tape errors.
computers	tech	general	0	You will lose an important disk file.
computers	tech	general	0	You will lose an important tape file.
computers	tech	general	0	You're already carrying the sphere!
computers	tech	general	0	You're at Witt's End.
computers	tech	general	0	You're not Dave. Who are you?
computers	tech	general	0	You're using a keyboard! How quaint!
computers	tech	general	0	You've been Berkeley'ed!
computers	tech	general	0	Your code should be more efficient!
computers	tech	general	0	Your computer account is overdrawn. Please reauthorize.
computers	tech	general	0	Your computer account is overdrawn. Please see Big Brother.
computers	tech	general	0	Your fault -- core dumped
computers	tech	general	0	Your files are now being encrypted and thrown into the bit bucket. EOF
computers	tech	general	0	Your mode of life will be changed to ASCII.
computers	tech	general	0	Your mode of life will be changed to EBCDIC.
computers	tech	general	0	Your password is pitifully obvious.
computers	tech	general	0	Your program is sick! Shoot it and put it out of its memory.
computers	tech	general	0	I mean, if 10 years from now, when you are doing something quick and dirty, you suddenly visualize that I am looking over your shoulders and say to yourself, "Dijkstra would not have liked this", well that would be enough immortality for me.
computers	tech	general	0	As seen on slashdot about what you can do with your cable modems: (http://slashdot.org/comments.pl?sid=32387&cid=3495418): Summary: It's not about how you handle your equipment, it's where you have permission to stick it. The post is by "redgekko"
computers	tech	general	0	"The biggest problem facing software engineering is the one it will never solve - politics."
computers	tech	general	0	"Don't fear the pen. When in doubt, draw a pretty picture."
computers	tech	general	0	Breakpoint 1, main (argc=1, argv=0xbffffc40) at main.c:29 29 printf ("Welcome to GNU Hell!\n"); -- "GNU Libtool documentation"
computers	tech	general	0	I may have invented it, but Bill made it famous
computers	tech	general	0	We have a policy that we are not being hacked.
computers	tech	general	0	Life is NP-hard, and then you die.
computers	tech	general	0	Try to remove the color-problem by restarting your computer several times.
computers	tech	general	0	In case it's not obvious, any solution to this problem that introduces a dependency on Java is profoundly uninteresting to me. In fact, my indifference to that could only be described as "sexual" in intensity.
computers	tech	general	0	Caution: Write-protection will not prevent a cartridge being erased by bulk-erasure or degaussing.
computers	tech	general	0	Why would you want to do this? You don't, forget I even mentioned it.
computers	tech	general	0	If, for some reason, we make some big mistake and IBM wins, my personal feeling is that we are going to enter a computer Dark Ages for about twenty years.
computers	tech	general	0	You can't just ask customers what they want and then try to give that to them. By the time you get it built, they'll want something new.
computers	tech	general	0	What a computer is to me is the most remarkable tool that we have ever come up with. It's the equivalent of a bicycle for our minds.
computers	tech	general	0	It's really hard to design products by focus groups. A lot of times, people don't know what they want until you show it to them.
computers	tech	general	0	Innovation has nothing to do with how many R&D dollars you have. When Apple came up with the Mac, IBM was spending at least 100 times more on R&D. It's not about money. It's about the people you have, how you're led, and how much you get it.
computers	tech	general	0	I would trade all of my technology for an afternoon with Socrates.
computers	tech	general	0	That's been one of my mantras - focus and simplicity. Simple can be harder than complex: You have to work hard to get your thinking clean to make it simple. But it's worth it in the end because once you get there, you can move mountains.
computers	tech	general	0	Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.
computers	tech	general	0	UNIX is very simple, it just needs a genius to understand its simplicity.
computers	tech	general	0	C is quirky, flawed, and an enormous success.
computers	tech	general	0	C has "the power of assembly language and the convenience of... assembly language."
computers	tech	general	0	When I read commentary about suggestions for where C should go, I often think back and give thanks that it wasn't developed under the advice of a worldwide crowd.
computers	tech	general	0	To tell the truth, I don't know how Linus and his merry band manage so well -- I couldn't have stood it with C.
computers	tech	general	0	It has been suggested that root kits are the largest user community for this kind of access, but there are no forward compatibility guarantees for root kit authors.
computers	tech	general	0	Step 1: Close AutoCAD - I know this can be difficult for some of you. You could also wait for AutoCAD to crash if you want.
computers	tech	general	0	I often hear: "It is better in [insert newest version of Windows]." I have grown distrustful of this claim. -- amigojapan ( https://thewml.github.io/amigojapan-site/Self_quotes.html )
computers	tech	general	0	Objective Visual Turbo Global jIronOpenPerl++.NET™ Enterprise Edition♭ Professional Home Premium Ultimate 64-bit Single-user. - based on a Freenode #perl conversation ( https://is.gd/cCUBY2 )
computers	tech	general	0	Windows 10 takes 30 minutes to update. What could it possibly be doing for that long? That much time is enough to fully format my SSD drive, download a fresh build and install it like 5 times in a row. -- Nikita Prokopov -- https://tonsky.me/blog/disenchantment/
computers	tech	general	0	Basically, there were two sides to the world. There was the entire computer games software industry engaged in a tremendous effort to stamp out piracy, and there was Wobbler. Currently, Wobbler was in front.
computers	tech	general	0	Many people advocate "just use vanilla JavaScript, you don't need jQuery". Well, I don't need many things that are nontheless nice to have. I don't need jQuery, but it sure is nice! -- Martin Tournoij, "Why I'm still using jQuery in 2019" -- https://www.arp242.net/jquery.html
perl	tech	general	0	Unix weanies are as bad at this as anyone.
perl	tech	general	0	Perl 5 introduced everything else, including the ability to introduce everything else.
perl	tech	general	0	: I used to think that this was just another demonstration of Larry's : enormous skill at pulling off what other people would fail or balk at. Well, everyone else knew it was impossible, so they didn't try. :-)
perl	tech	general	0	: The hierarchy is excessive. So is the anarchy. :-)
perl	tech	general	0	The core is not frozen, but slushy.
perl	tech	general	0	Most places distinguish them merely by using the appropriate value. Hooray for context...
perl	tech	general	0	But then it's a bit odd to think that declaring something int could actually slow down the program, if it ended up forcing more conversions back to string.
perl	tech	general	0	It's possible that I'm just an idiot, and don't recognize a sleepy slavemaster when I see one.
perl	tech	general	0	But maybe we don't really need that...
perl	tech	general	0	I don't think I'm gonna agree with that. Way too much visual confusion...
perl	tech	general	0	There's certainly precedent for that already too. (Not claiming it's *good* precedent, mind you. :-)
perl	tech	general	0	For the run-time caching, I was going to suggest "cached" (doh!), but perhaps "once" is more meaningful to ordinary people.
perl	tech	general	0	One of the reasons Perl is faster than certain other unnamed interpreted languages is that it binds variable names to a particular package (or scope) at compile time rather than at run time.
perl	tech	general	0	I guess what I'm saying is that the croak in question is requiring agreement (in the linguistic sense) that isn't buying us anything.
perl	tech	general	0	:-) your own self.
perl	tech	general	0	: The following (relative to AutoSplit 1.03) attempts to please everyone : and perhaps pleases no one: I think that's way cool.
perl	tech	general	0	Soitainly. I was assuming that came with the OO-ness of it.
perl	tech	general	0	Because the demand for it is low enough that it would be best handled as an XSUB, and the demand for it is low enough that nobody has bothered to write it as an XSUB.
perl	tech	general	0	But that looks a little too much like a declaration for my tastes, when in fact it isn't one. So forget I mentioned it.
perl	tech	general	0	I'm not sure whether that's actually useful...
perl	tech	general	0	By rule #1, 5.005 should always allow localization of lexical @_ . . .
perl	tech	general	0	I *know* it's weird, but strict vars already comes very, very close to partitioning the crowd into those who can deal with local lexicals and those who can't.
perl	tech	general	0	That wouldn't be good enough.
perl	tech	general	0	The prayer of serenity applies here. To both of us. :-)
perl	tech	general	0	Depends on how you define "always". :-)
perl	tech	general	0	But you'll notice Perl has a goto.
perl	tech	general	0	Suppose you're working on an optimizer to render \X unnecessary (or rather, redundant, which isn't the same thing in my book).
perl	tech	general	0	No, that'd be silly.
perl	tech	general	0	Either approach may give birth to various sorts of monstrosities.
perl	tech	general	0	Obviously your filters are throwing away mail from Randal. :-)
perl	tech	general	0	Oh yeah. Forgot about those. Getting senile, I guess...
perl	tech	general	0	'Course, I haven't weighed in yet. :-)
perl	tech	general	0	: How would you disambiguate these situations? By shooting the person who did the latter.
perl	tech	general	0	Maybe it's time to break that.
perl	tech	general	0	Perhaps they will have to outlaw sending random lists of words. fee fie foe foo [sic]
perl	tech	general	0	I think you're letting your knowledge of internals interfere with your linguistic judgement here.
perl	tech	general	0	Actually, it also looks like we should optimize (13,2,42,8,'hike') into a pp_padav copy as well.
linux	tech	general	0	"How do you pronounce SunOS?" "Just like you hear it, with a big SOS" -- dedicated to Roland Kaltefleiter
linux	tech	general	0	finlandia:~> apropos win win: nothing appropriate.
linux	tech	general	0	C:\> WIN Bad command or filename C:\> LOSE Loading Microsoft Windows ...
linux	tech	general	0	Linux ext2fs has been stable for a long time, now it's time to break it -- Linux-Kongress '95 in Berlin
linux	tech	general	0	The state of some commercial Un*x is more unsecure than any Linux box without a root password...
linux	tech	general	0	Less is more or less more -- Y_Plentyn on #LinuxGER
linux	tech	general	0	Let's call it an accidental feature. --Larry Wall
linux	tech	general	0	......... Escape the 'Gates' of Hell `:::' ....... ...... ::: * `::. ::' ::: .:: .:.::. .:: .:: `::. :' ::: :: :: :: :: :: :::. ::: .::. .:: ::. `::::. .:' ::. ...:::.....................::' .::::..
linux	tech	general	0	Win95 is not a virus; a virus does something. -- unknown source
linux	tech	general	0	Machine Always Crashes, If Not, The Operating System Hangs (MACINTOSH) -- Topic on #Linux
linux	tech	general	0	Save yourself from the 'Gates' of hell, use Linux." -- like that one. -- The_Kind @ LinuxNet
linux	tech	general	0	I did this 'cause Linux gives me a woody. It doesn't generate revenue. -- Dave '-ddt->` Taylor, announcing DOOM for Linux
linux	tech	general	0	Feel free to contact me (flames about my english and the useless of this driver will be redirected to /dev/null, oh no, it's full...).
linux	tech	general	0	if (argc > 1 && strcmp(argv[1], "-advice") == 0) { printf("Don't Panic!\n"); exit(42); }
linux	tech	general	0	lp1 on fire -- One of the more obfuscated kernel messages
linux	tech	general	0	A Linux machine! Because a 486 is a terrible thing to waste!
linux	tech	general	0	Microsoft is not the answer. Microsoft is the question. NO (or Linux) is the answer. -- Taken from a .signature from someone from the UK, source unknown
linux	tech	general	0	In most countries selling harmful things like drugs is punishable. Then how come people can sell Microsoft software and go unpunished?
linux	tech	general	0	Fatal Error: Found [MS-Windows] System -> Repartitioning Disk for Linux... (By cbbrown@io.org, Christopher Browne)
linux	tech	general	0	Windows without the X is like making love without a partner.
linux	tech	general	0	Sex, Drugs & Linux Rules
linux	tech	general	0	win-nt from the people who invented edlin.
linux	tech	general	0	Apples have meant trouble since eden.
linux	tech	general	0	Linux, the way to get rid of boot viruses
linux	tech	general	0	We are MicroSoft. You will be assimilated. Resistance is futile. -- Attributed to B.G., Gill Bates
linux	tech	general	0	Avoid the Gates of Hell. Use Linux -- Unknown source
linux	tech	general	0	Linux! Guerrilla UNIX Development Venimus, Vidimus, Dolavimus.
linux	tech	general	0	----==-- _ / / \ ---==---(_)__ __ ____ __ / / /\ \ --==---/ / _ \/ // /\ \/ / / /_/\ \ \ -=====/_/_//_/\_,_/ /_/\_\ /______\ \ \ A proud member of TeamLinux \_________\/ -- CHaley (HAC), haley@unm.edu, ch008cth@pi.lanl.gov)
linux	tech	general	0	"Who is General Failure and why is he reading my hard disk?" Microsoft spel chekar vor sail, worgs grate !!
linux	tech	general	0	/* * Oops. The kernel tried to access some bad page. We'll have to * terminate things with extreme prejudice. */ die_if_kernel("Oops", regs, error_code); -- From linux/arch/i386/mm/fault.c
linux	tech	general	0	Linux: because a PC is a terrible thing to waste -- ksh@cis.ufl.edu put this on Tshirts in '93
linux	tech	general	0	Linux: the choice of a GNU generation -- ksh@cis.ufl.edu put this on Tshirts in '93
linux	tech	general	0	There are two types of Linux developers - those who can spell, and those who can't. There is a constant pitched battle between the two. -- From one of the post-1.1.54 kernel update messages posted to c.o.l.a
linux	tech	general	0	When you say "I wrote a program that crashed Windows", people just stare at you blankly and say "Hey, I got those with the system, *for free*".
linux	tech	general	0	We come to bury DOS, not to praise it.
linux	tech	general	0	Be warned that typing \fBkillall \fIname\fP may not have the desired effect on non-Linux systems, especially when done by a privileged user. -- From the killall manual page
linux	tech	general	0	Note that if I can get you to "su and say" something just by asking, you have a very serious security problem on your system and you should look into it.
linux	tech	general	0	How should I know if it works? That's what beta testers are for. I only coded it. -- Attributed to Linus Torvalds, somewhere in a posting
linux	tech	general	0	I develop for Linux for a living, I used to develop for DOS. Going from DOS to Linux is like trading a glider for an F117.
linux	tech	general	0	Absolutely nothing should be concluded from these figures except that no conclusion can be drawn from them.
linux	tech	general	0	If the future navigation system [for interactive networked services on the NII] looks like something from Microsoft, it will never work. -- Chairman of Walt Disney Television & Telecommunications
linux	tech	general	0	Problem solving under Linux has never been the circus that it is under AIX.
linux	tech	general	0	I don't know why, but first C programs tend to look a lot worse than first programs in any other language (maybe except for fortran, but then I suspect all fortran programs look like `firsts')
linux	tech	general	0	On a normal ascii line, the only safe condition to detect is a 'BREAK' - everything else having been assigned functions by Gnu EMACS.
linux	tech	general	0	By golly, I'm beginning to think Linux really *is* the best thing since sliced bread.
linux	tech	general	0	I'd crawl over an acre of 'Visual This++' and 'Integrated Development That' to get to gcc, Emacs, and gdb. Thank you.
linux	tech	general	0	Oh, I've seen copies [of Linux Journal] around the terminal room at The Labs.
linux	tech	general	0	If you want to travel around the world and be invited to speak at a lot of different places, just write a Unix operating system.
linux	tech	general	0	...and scantily clad females, of course. Who cares if it's below zero outside.
linux	tech	general	0	...you might as well skip the Xmas celebration completely, and instead sit in front of your linux computer playing with the all-new-and-improved linux kernel version.
linux	tech	general	0	Besides, I think Slackware sounds better than 'Microsoft,' don't you?
linux	tech	general	0	And the next time you consider complaining that running Lucid Emacs 19.05 via NFS from a remote Linux machine in Paraguay doesn't seem to get the background colors right, you'll know who to thank.
linux	tech	general	0	Are Linux users lemmings collectively jumping off of the cliff of reliable, well-engineered commercial software?
linux	tech	general	0	Even more amazing was the realization that God has Internet access. I wonder if He has a full newsfeed?
linux	tech	general	0	I once witnessed a long-winded, month-long flamewar over the use of mice vs. trackballs... It was very silly.
linux	tech	general	0	Linux poses a real challenge for those with a taste for late-night hacking (and/or conversations with God).
linux	tech	general	0	What you end up with, after running an operating system concept through these many marketing coffee filters, is something not unlike plain hot water.
linux	tech	general	0	...Deep Hack Mode -- that mysterious and frightening state of consciousness where Mortal Users fear to tread.
linux	tech	general	0	...Unix, MS-DOS, and Windows NT (also known as the Good, the Bad, and the Ugly).
linux	tech	general	0	...very few phenomena can pull someone out of Deep Hack Mode, with two noted exceptions: being struck by lightning, or worse, your *computer* being struck by lightning.
linux	tech	general	0	..you could spend *all day* customizing the title bar. Believe me. I speak from experience.
linux	tech	general	0	[In 'Doctor' mode], I spent a good ten minutes telling Emacs what I thought of it. (The response was, 'Perhaps you could try to be less abusive.')
linux	tech	general	0	I would rather spend 10 hours reading someone else's source code than 10 minutes listening to Musak waiting for technical support which isn't.
linux	tech	general	0	...[Linux's] capacity to talk via any medium except smoke signals.
linux	tech	general	0	Whip me. Beat me. Make me maintain AIX.
linux	tech	general	0	Your job is being a professor and researcher: That's one hell of a good excuse for some of the brain-damages of minix.
linux	tech	general	0	I still maintain the point that designing a monolithic kernel in 1991 is a fundamental error. Be thankful you are not my student. You would not get a high grade for such a design :-)
linux	tech	general	0	We use Linux for all our mission-critical applications. Having the source code means that we are not held hostage by anyone's support department.
linux	tech	general	0	Linux is obsolete
linux	tech	general	0	Dijkstra probably hates me.
linux	tech	general	0	And 1.1.81 is officially BugFree(tm), so if you receive any bug-reports on it, you know they are just evil lies.
linux	tech	general	0	We are Pentium of Borg. Division is futile. You will be approximated. -- seen in someone's .signature
linux	tech	general	0	Linux: the operating system with a CLUE... Command Line User Environment. -- seen in a posting in comp.software.testing
linux	tech	general	0	quit When the quit statement is read, the bc processor is terminated, regardless of where the quit state- ment is found. For example, "if (0 == 1) quit" will cause bc to terminate. -- seen in the manpage for "bc". Note the "if" statement's logic
linux	tech	general	0	Sic transit discus mundi
linux	tech	general	0	Sigh. I like to think it's just the Linux people who want to be on the "leading edge" so bad they walk right off the precipice.
linux	tech	general	0	We all know Linux is great... it does infinite loops in 5 seconds. - Linus Torvalds about the superiority of Linux on the Amsterdam Linux Symposium
linux	tech	general	0	Waving away a cloud of smoke, I look up, and am blinded by a bright, white light. It's God. No, not Richard Stallman, or Linus Torvalds, but God. In a booming voice, He says: "THIS IS A SIGN. USE LINUX, THE FREE UNIX SYSTEM FOR THE 386.
linux	tech	general	0	The chat program is in public domain. This is not the GNU public license. If it breaks then you get to keep both pieces. -- Copyright notice for the chat program
linux	tech	general	0	Manchmal stehe nachts auf und installier's mir einfach... -- H0arry @ IRC
linux	tech	general	0	We are using Linux daily to UP our productivity - so UP yours! -- Adapted from Pat Paulsen by Joe Sloan
linux	tech	general	0	But what can you do with it? -- ubiquitous cry from Linux-user partner -- (Submitted by Andy Pearce, ajp@hpopd.pwd.hp.com)
linux	tech	general	0	DOS: n., A small annoying boot virus that causes random spontaneous system crashes, usually just before saving a massive project. Easily cured by UNIX. See also MS-DOS, IBM-DOS, DR-DOS.
linux	tech	general	0	MSDOS didn't get as bad as it is overnight -- it took over ten years of careful development. -- dmeggins@aix1.uottawa.ca
linux	tech	general	0	LILO, you've got me on my knees!
linux	tech	general	0	I've run DOOM more in the last few days than I have the last few months. I just love debugging ;-)
linux	tech	general	0	Now I know someone out there is going to claim, "Well then, UNIX is intuitive, because you only need to learn 5000 commands, and then everything else follows from that! Har har har!"
linux	tech	general	0	How do I type "for i in *.dvi do xdvi $i done" in a GUI? -- Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of interfaces
linux	tech	general	0	>Ever heard of .cshrc? That's a city in Bosnia. Right? -- Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands
linux	tech	general	0	Not me, guy. I read the Bash man page each day like a Jehovah's Witness reads the Bible. No wait, the Bash man page IS the bible. Excuse me... -- More on confusing aliases, taken from comp.os.linux.misc
linux	tech	general	0	On the Internet, no one knows you're using Windows NT -- Submitted by Ramiro Estrugo, restrugo@fateware.com
linux	tech	general	0	> I'm an idiot.. At least this [bug] took about 5 minutes to find.. Disquieting ...
linux	tech	general	0	> I'm an idiot.. At least this [bug] took about 5 minutes to find.. We need to find some new terms to describe the rest of us mere mortals then.
linux	tech	general	0	> I'm an idiot.. At least this [bug] took about 5 minutes to find.. Surely, Linus is talking about the kind of idiocy that others aspire to :-).
linux	tech	general	0	Never make any mistaeks.
linux	tech	general	0	+#if defined(__alpha__) && defined(CONFIG_PCI) + /* + * The meaning of life, the universe, and everything. Plus + * this makes the year come out right. + */ + year -= 42; +#endif -- From the patch for 1.3.2: (kernel/time.c), submitted by Marcus Meissner
linux	tech	general	0	As usual, this being a 1.3.x release, I haven't even compiled this kernel yet. So if it works, you should be doubly impressed.
linux	tech	general	0	People disagree with me. I just ignore them.
linux	tech	general	0	It's now the GNU Emacs of all terminal emulators.
linux	tech	general	0	Audience: What will become of Linux when the Hurd is ready? Eric Youngdale: Err... is Richard Stallman here? -- From the Linux conference in spring '95, Berlin
linux	tech	general	0	Linux: The OS people choose without $200,000,000 of persuasion.
linux	tech	general	0	The memory management on the PowerPC can be used to frighten small children.
linux	tech	general	0	... faster BogoMIPS calculations (yes, it now boots 2 seconds faster than it used to: we're considering changing the name from "Linux" to "InstaBOOT"
linux	tech	general	0	... of course, this probably only happens for tcsh which uses wait4(), which is why I never saw it. Serves people who use that abomination right 8^)
linux	tech	general	0	It's a bird.. It's a plane.. No, it's KernelMan, faster than a speeding bullet, to your rescue. Doing new kernel versions in under 5 seconds flat..
linux	tech	general	0	Eh, that's it, I guess. No 300 million dollar unveiling event for this kernel, I'm afraid, but you're still supposed to think of this as the "happening of the century" (at least until the next kernel comes along).
linux	tech	general	0	Oh, and this is another kernel in that great and venerable "BugFree(tm)" series of kernels. So be not afraid of bugs, but go out in the streets and deliver this message of joy to the masses.
linux	tech	general	0	Never trust an operating system you don't have sources for. ;-) -- Unknown source
linux	tech	general	0	> Linux is not user-friendly. It _is_ user-friendly. It is not ignorant-friendly and idiot-friendly. -- Seen somewhere on the net
linux	tech	general	0	Keep me informed on the behaviour of this kernel.. As the "BugFree(tm)" series didn't turn out too well, I'm starting a new series called the "ItWorksForMe(tm)" series, of which this new kernel is yet another shining example.
linux	tech	general	0	Seriously, the way I did this was by using a special /sbin/loader binary with debugging hooks that I made ("dd" is your friend: binary editors are for wimps).
linux	tech	general	0	(I tried to get some documentation out of Digital on this, but as far as I can tell even _they_ don't have it ;-)
linux	tech	general	0	Q: Why shouldn't I simply delete the stuff I never use, it's just taking up space? A: This question is in the category of Famous Last Words..
linux	tech	general	0	Q: What's the big deal about rm, I have been deleting stuff for years? And never lost anything.. oops! A: ...
linux	tech	general	0	Linux is addictive, I'm hooked!
linux	tech	general	0	panic("Foooooooood fight!"); -- In the kernel source aha1542.c, after detecting a bad segment list
linux	tech	general	0	Footnotes are for things you believe don't really belong in LDP manuals, but want to include anyway.
linux	tech	general	0	Ok, I'm just uploading the new version of the kernel, v1.3.33, also known as "the buggiest kernel ever".
linux	tech	general	0	Go not unto the Usenet for advice, for you will be told both yea and nay (and quite a few things that just have nothing at all to do with the question). -- seen in a .sig somewhere
linux	tech	general	0	Those who don't understand Linux are doomed to reinvent it, poorly. -- unidentified source
linux	tech	general	0	Look, I'm about to buy me a double barreled sawed off shotgun and show Linus what I think about backspace and delete not working. -- some anonymous .signature
linux	tech	general	0	We apologize for the inconvenience, but we'd still like yout to test out this kernel.
linux	tech	general	0	The new Linux anthem will be "He's an idiot, but he's ok", as performed by Monthy Python. You'd better start practicing.
linux	tech	general	0	How do you power off this machine? -- Linus, when upgrading linux.cs.helsinki.fi, and after using the machine for several months
linux	tech	general	0	Excusing bad programming is a shooting offence, no matter _what_ the circumstances.
linux	tech	general	0	Linus? Whose that? -- clueless newbie on #Linux
linux	tech	general	0	N: Phil Lewis E: beans@bucket.ualr.edu D: Promised to send money if I would put his name in the source tree. S: PO Box 371 S: North Little Rock, Arkansas 72115 S: US -- /usr/src/linux/CREDITS
linux	tech	general	0	> You know you are "there" when you are known by your first name, and > are recognized. > Lemmie see, there is Madonna, and Linus, and ..... help me out here! Bill ? ;-) -- From some postings on comp.os.linux.misc
linux	tech	general	0	Whoa...I did a 'zcat /vmlinuz > /dev/audio' and I think I heard God... -- mikecd on #Linux
linux	tech	general	0	MS-DOS, you can't live with it, you can live without it. -- from Lars Wirzenius' .sig
linux	tech	general	0	.. I used to get in more fights with SCO than I did my girlfriend, but now, thanks to Linux, she has more than happily accepted her place back at number one antagonist in my life..
linux	tech	general	0	I mean, well, if it were not for Linux I might be roaming the streets looking for drugs or prostitutes or something. Hannu and Linus have my highest admiration (apple polishing mode off).
linux	tech	general	0	"Linux was made by foreign terrorists to take money from true US companies like Microsoft." - Some AOL'er. "To this end we dedicate ourselves..." -Don -- From the sig of "Don", don@cs.byu.edu
linux	tech	general	0	> Is there any hope for me? Am I just thick? Does anyone remember the > Rubiks Cube, it was easier! I found that the Rubiks cube and Linux are alike. Looks real confusing until you read the right book. :-) -- seen on c.o.l.misc, about the "Linux Learning Curve"
linux	tech	general	0	> I've hacked the Xaw3d library to give you a Win95 like interface and it > is named Xaw95. You can replace your Xaw3d library. Oh God, this is so disgusting! -- seen on c.o.l.development.apps, about the "Win95 look-alike"
linux	tech	general	0	> I get the following error messages at bootup, could anyone tell me > what they mean? > fcntl_setlk() called by process 51 (lpd) with broken flock() emulation They mean that you have not read the documentation when upgrading the kernel. -- seen on c.o.l.misc
linux	tech	general	0	Only wimps use tape backup: _real_ men just upload their important stuff on ftp, and let the rest of the world mirror it ;)
linux	tech	general	0	One of the things that hamper Linux's climb to world domination is the shortage of bad Computer Role Playing Games, or CRaPGs. No operating system can be considered respectable without one.
linux	tech	general	0	The game, anoraks.2.0.0.tgz, will be available from sunsite until somebody responsible notices it and deletes it, and shortly from ftp.mee.tcd.ie/pub/Brian, though they don't know that yet.
linux	tech	general	0	'Ooohh.. "FreeBSD is faster over loopback, when compared to Linux over the wire". Film at 11.'
linux	tech	general	0	Q: Would you like to see the WINE list? A: What's on it, anything expensive? Q: No, just Solitaire and MineSweeper for now, but the WINE is free.
linux	tech	general	0	So in the future, one 'client' at a time or you'll be spending CPU time with lots of little 'child processes'.
linux	tech	general	0	We should start referring to processes which run in the background by their correct technical name... paenguins.
linux	tech	general	0	We can use symlinks of course... syslogd would be a symlink to syslogp and ftpd and ircd would be linked to ftpp and ircp... and of course the point-to-point protocal paenguin.
linux	tech	general	0	This is a logical analogy too... anyone who's been around, knows the world is run by paenguins. Always a paenguin behind the curtain, really getting things done. And paenguins in politics--who can deny it?
linux	tech	general	0	Linux: Where Don't We Want To Go Today? -- Submitted by Pancrazio De Mauro, paraphrasing some well-known sales talk
linux	tech	general	0	The most important design issue... is the fact that Linux is supposed to be fun...
linux	tech	general	0	In short, at least give the penguin a fair viewing. If you still don't like it, that's ok: that's why I'm boss. I simply know better than you do. -- Linus "what, me arrogant?" Torvalds, on c.o.l.advocacy
linux	tech	general	0	<SomeLamer> what's the difference between chattr and chmod? <SomeGuru> SomeLamer: man chattr > 1; man chmod > 2; diff -u 1 2 | less -- Seen on #linux on irc
linux	tech	general	0	The linuX Files -- The Source is Out There. -- Sent in by Craig S. Bell, goat@aracnet.com
linux	tech	general	0	If Bill Gates is the Devil then Linus Torvalds must be the Messiah. -- Unknown source
linux	tech	general	0	Vini, vidi, Linux! -- Unknown source
linux	tech	general	0	Checking host system type... i586-unknown-linux configure: error: sorry, this is the gnu os, not linux -- Topic on #Linux
linux	tech	general	0	It's easy to get on the internet and forget you have a life -- Topic on #LinuxGER
linux	tech	general	0	To kick or not to kick... -- Somewhere on IRC, inspired by Shakespeare
linux	tech	general	0	Linux - Where do you want to fly today? -- Unknown source
linux	tech	general	0	The easiest way to get the root password is to become system admin. -- Unknown source
linux	tech	general	0	The good thing about standards is that there are so many to choose from.
linux	tech	general	0	The primary difference [...] is that the Java program will reliably and obviously crash, whereas the C Program will do something obscure
linux	tech	general	0	LOAD "LINUX",8,1 -- Topic on #LinuxGER
linux	tech	general	0	Old MacLinus had a stack/l-i-n-u-x/and on this stack he had a trace/l-i-n-u-x with an Oops-Oops here and an Oops-Oops there here an Oops, there an Oops, everywhere an Oops-Oops. -- tjimenez@site.gmu.edu, linux.dev.kernel
linux	tech	general	0	Not only Guinness - Linux is good for you, too. -- Banzai on IRC
linux	tech	general	0	> NE-2000 clone. Pentium optimizing gcc (pentium gcc pl8 I think). ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ Build a kernel with the proper gcc. Reports with a non standard compiler are useless.
linux	tech	general	0	BTW: I have a better name for the software .... Microsoft Internet Exploder.
linux	tech	general	0	Well, since MS can't be sure of the username of someone downloading things, they are going to play it safe and have everything downloaded and executed by Explorer as suid root. That way, it will run on ANY system anywhere. :)
linux	tech	general	0	If you really want pure ASCII, save it as text... or browse it with your favorite browser...
linux	tech	general	0	Sorry for mailing this article, I've obviously made a typo (168!=186) that's the price for being up all night and doing some "quick" checks before you go to bed ....
linux	tech	general	0	Just to remind everyone. Today, Sept 17, is Linux's 5th birthday. So happy birthday to all on the list. Thanks go out to Linus and all the other hard-working maintainers for 5 wonderful fast paced years!
linux	tech	general	0	Exporting beer from Finnland doesn't seem to be that much of a hassle, as the Lenigrad Cowboys brought a lot of their brew to the concerts in Austria.
linux	tech	general	0	Beeping is cute, if you are in the office ;)
linux	tech	general	0	> Where in the US is Linus? He was in the "Promise Land".
linux	tech	general	0	> Yeah, Linus is in the US. > > His source trees are in Finland. OK, someone give him access -fast- ...... ;-) -- babydr@nwrain.net, because of problems with the kernel
linux	tech	general	0	Subject: Linux box finds it hard to wake up in the morning I've heard of dogs being like their owners, but Linux boxen?
linux	tech	general	0	*** PUBLIC flooding detected from erikyyy <lewnie> THAT's an erik, pholx.... ;) -- Seen on #LinuxGER
linux	tech	general	0	I've no idea when Linus is going to release 2.0.24, but if he takes too long Im going to release a 2.0.24unoff and he can sound off all he likes.
linux	tech	general	0	All the existing 2.0.x kernels are too buggy for 2.1.x to be the main goal.
linux	tech	general	0	martin@bdsi.com (no longer valid - where are you now, Martin?) -- from /usr/src/linux/drivers/cdrom/mcd.c
linux	tech	general	0	[...] or some clown changed the chips on a board and not its name. (Don't laugh! Look at the SMC etherpower for that.) -- from /usr/src/linux/MAINTAINERS
linux	tech	general	0	REST: P: Linus Torvalds S: Buried alive in email -- from /usr/src/linux/MAINTAINERS
linux	tech	general	0	Why use Windows, when you can have air conditioning? Why use Windows, when you can leave through the door?
linux	tech	general	0	Netscape is not a newsreader, and probably never shall be.
linux	tech	general	0	I think it's time to remove Qt and Qt-derived applications from the distribution. By distributing it, we only encourage authors to create restrictive licenses.
linux	tech	general	0	If someone can point me to a good and _FREE_ backup software that keeps track of which files get stored on which tape, we can change to it.
linux	tech	general	0	Whoa, first contact! [...] Welcome, from the people of Terra (Sol III). We extend our hands in friendship, and sincerely hope you shall do the same with your hand-equivelents.
linux	tech	general	0	> Whoa, first contact! Nope, 'fraid not, Linux is still primarily used on planet Earth, I'm afraid. Our friend here sent a message in Russian (KOI8-R encoding).
linux	tech	general	0	1648 files (84%) out of the files that I mirror disappeared. Since my delete threshold was set at 90%, all those files are now missing from my hard drive. It's going to take a loooong time to fetch those again via 14.4kbps!
linux	tech	general	0	> What is the status of Linux' Unicode implementation. Will Linux > be prepared for the first contact? We have full klingon console support just in case
linux	tech	general	0	"You, sir, are nothing but a pathetically lame salesdroid! I fart in your general direction!" -- Randseed on #Linux
linux	tech	general	0	* Jes wonders why so many people in here uses fooZZZZZ and foo_sleeping nicks <peter> Jes: Because they are sleeping? -- Seen on #Linux
linux	tech	general	0	* gb notes that fdisk thinks his cdrom can store one terabyte -- Seen on #Linux
linux	tech	general	0	Check it out, send me comments, and dance joyously in the streets
linux	tech	general	0	Sex dumps core (Sex is a Simple editor for X11) -- Seen on debian bugtracking
linux	tech	general	0	I tried the clone syscall on me, but it didn't work.
linux	tech	general	0	- long f_ffree; /* free file nodes in fs */ + long f_ffree; /* freie Dateiknoten im Dateisystem */ -- Seen in a translation
linux	tech	general	0	* Phaedrus wishes he could get a machine that consists of Sparc IO, Alpha Processors and sleek design of an SGI <pp> And intel prices -- Seen on #Linux
linux	tech	general	0	* This is complicated. Has to do with interrupts. Thus, I am * scared witless. Therefore I refuse to write this function. :-P -- From the maclinux patch
linux	tech	general	0	Yes I have a Machintosh, please don't scream at me.
linux	tech	general	0	<miguel> any new sendmail hole I have to fix before going on vacations? -- Seen on #Linux
linux	tech	general	0	AUTHOR FvwmAuto just appeared one day, nobody knows how. -- FvwmAuto(1x)
linux	tech	general	0	<lilo> Fairlight: udp is the light margarine of tcp/ip transport protocols :) -- Seen on #Linux
linux	tech	general	0	I don't even know if it makes sense at all :) This is an experimental patch for an experimental kernel :))
linux	tech	general	0	Linux - Das System fuer schlaue Maedchen ;) -- banshee
linux	tech	general	0	If loving linux is wrong, I don't wanna be right. -- Topic for #LinuxGER
linux	tech	general	0	>>> FreeOS is an english-centric name Have you all been stuck in email, or have any of you tried *pronouncing* that? free-oh-ess? free-ows? fritos? :-)
linux	tech	general	0	The documentation is in Japanese. Good luck. -- Rich $alz
linux	tech	general	0	People are going to scream bloody murder about that. -- Seen on linux-kernel
linux	tech	general	0	> 1. is qmail as secure as they say? Depends on what they were saying, but most likely yes. -- Seen on debian-devel
linux	tech	general	0	NEVER RESPOND TO CRITICAL PRESS. IT IS A GAME YOU CAN ONLY LOSE, AND IT MAKES US LOOK BAD.
linux	tech	general	0	A feature is nothing more than a bug with seniority. -- Unknown source
linux	tech	general	0	If a 'train station' is where a train stops, what's a 'workstation'?
linux	tech	general	0	"We don't do a new version to fix bugs." - Bill Gates "The new version - it's not there to fix bugs." - Bill Gates -- Retranslated from Focus 43/1995, pp. 206-212
linux	tech	general	0	The POP3 server service depends on the SMTP server service, which failed to start because of the following error: The operation completed successfully.
linux	tech	general	0	Software is like sex; it's better when it's free.
linux	tech	general	0	oh okay. my mistake. Yafcot:atj(*), mark * Yet another fool coming over this: according to joey -- mark@mail.novare.net
linux	tech	general	0	Sorry. I just realized this sentance makes no sense :)
linux	tech	general	0	Stopping Apache webserver...sleeping...starting again... apache: dl-version.c:189: _dl_check_map_versions: Assertion `needed != ((void *)0)' failed noooooooooooooooooooooooooooo -- netgod on #Debian at LISC
linux	tech	general	0	Make it idiot-proof, and someone will breed a better idiot.
linux	tech	general	0	#Debian makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside. :) -- HippieGuy on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	ECRC hat keine lynx komp. seiten, sowas MUSS ja pleite gehen ;-)= -- Getty on #LinuxGER
linux	tech	general	0	Uh... deity is a word, and diety isn't. Or is it supposed to be one of those recursive acronyms? Diety Is Excellent To You. Deity Eats Icecream That's Yellow. Diety Is Eloping To Yokohama. I'll stop now.
linux	tech	general	0	Why are there always boycotts? Shouldn't there be girlcotts too? -- argon on #Linux
linux	tech	general	0	<sct> Anyone want the new supermount? :) <klogd> whats new about it <sct> klogd: It cleans whiter than white. :) -- Seen on #Linux
linux	tech	general	0	Und die Tastaturabrdücke auf Ihrer Wange unterstreichen seeeeeehr vorteilhaft ihr unterschütterliches Vertrauen in die moderene Technologie
linux	tech	general	0	- DDD no longer requires the librx library. Consequently, librx errors can no more cause DDD to crash.
linux	tech	general	0	snafu = Situation Normal All F%$*ed up
linux	tech	general	0	It's computer hardware, of course it's worth having <g> -- Espy on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	Alan E. Davis: Some files at llug.sep.bnl.gov/pub/debian/Incoming are stamped on 10 January 1998. As I write, nowhere on Earth is it now 10 January. Craig Sanders: That just proves how advanced debian is, doesn't it :-) -- debian-devel
linux	tech	general	0	Computers are like air conditioners. Both stop working, if you open windows.
linux	tech	general	0	I am NOT a kludge! I am a computer! -- tts
linux	tech	general	0	<Joey> gorgo: *lol* <gorgo> joey: what's so funny? :) <Culus> shh, joey is losing all sanity from lack of sleep <Culus> 'yes joey, very funny' <Culus> Humor him :> -- Seen on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	* SynrG notes that the number of configuration questions to answer in sendmail is NON-TRIVIAL -- Seen on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	My apologies if I sound angry. I feel like I'm talking to a void.
linux	tech	general	0	RIP is irrelevant. Spoofing is futile. Your routes will be aggregated.
linux	tech	general	0	After 14 non-maintainer releases, I'm the S-Lang non-maintainer.
linux	tech	general	0	BREAKFAST.COM Halted... Cereal Port Not Responding.
linux	tech	general	0	* JHM wonders what Joey did to earn "I'd just like to say, for the record, that Joey rules." -- Seen on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	Steal my cash, car and TV - but leave the computer!
linux	tech	general	0	The only really good reason I can think to not release specs is embarrassment on just how crappy some hardware out there is, or just how buggy it is.
linux	tech	general	0	> Alan Cox wrote: [..] No I didn't. Someone else wrote that. Please keep attributions straight. -- From linux-kernel
linux	tech	general	0	Do people like check the Debian website every 5 minutes to check it hasn't morphed into another one? Not that I'm one to talk, but some people seriously need to get a life -- james on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	... Linux und seine Programme sind damit so etwas wie ein real existierender Sozialismus der besseren Art ...
linux	tech	general	0	* james would be more impressed if netgod's magic powers could stop the splits in the first place... * netgod notes debian developers are notoriously hard to impress -- Seen on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	* Joey should not write changelog entries at 5:30am <Joey> * DFSC Free cgi library <Joey> What's that? DFSC? <jim> Debian Free Software mroooooCows -- Seen on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	<posix> this guy _is_ crazy <stargazer> posix: from the looks of Enlightenment he's on LSD <posix> LSD is nothing compared to what this guy's on.. -- Seen on #Unix
linux	tech	general	0	On Netscape GPLing their browser: ``How can you trust a browser that ANYONE can hack? For the secure choice, choose Microsoft.'' -- <oryx@pobox.com> in a comment on slashdot.org
linux	tech	general	0	Turn right here. No! NO! The OTHER right!
linux	tech	general	0	#define FALSE 0 /* This is the naked Truth */ #define TRUE 1 /* and this is the Light */ -- mailto.c
linux	tech	general	0	<Stealth> How do I bind a computer to an NIS server? <Joey> Use a rope? -- Seen on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	Does biff in bo work coz it biffin doesn't beep an if biff in bo is broke then biff in bo I will delete I've tried biff in bo with 'y' I've tried biff in bo with '-y' no biffin output does it show so poor wee biff is gonna go.
linux	tech	general	0	Real Men don't make backups. They upload it via ftp and let the world mirror it.
linux	tech	general	0	One tree to rule them all, One tree to find them, One tree to bring them all, and to itself bind them.
linux	tech	general	0	As I currently don't have a floppy drive in my computer, I'd like to make an `emergency cdrom' ;)
linux	tech	general	0	Alan Cox wrote: >> On any procmail new enough not to be full of security holes you set >Brain on, Imeant majordomo of course 8) You got me worried there for a brief (very brief) moment :-).
linux	tech	general	0	<grin> seen jhm <dpkg> jhm is Sarek, and jhm is on the channel right now! * JHM wonders why dpkg remembers that particular nick. <grin> dpkg: Sarek? ermm, sure, and I am Khan -- Seen on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	<igor> Hah! we have 2 Johnie Ingrams in the channel :) <igor> Hey all btw :)
linux	tech	general	0	I just uploaded xtoolplaces-1.6. It fixes all bugs but one: It still coredumps instead of doing something useful. The upstream author's e-mail address bounces, Redhat doesn't provide it and I never used it.
linux	tech	general	0	<Culus> aIIIIIIIIIII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11 <Culus> MY LIGHT JUST DIED <Culus> I AM SO SAD <Culus> I'm blind! I'm blind! <dark> Light? <dark> Turn all your xterms to black-on-white :) Plenty of light that way. -- Seen on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	| |-sshd---tcsh-+-dpkg-buildpacka---rules---sh---make---make---sh ---make---sh---make---sh---make---sh---make---sh---make -- While packaging XFree86 for Debian GNU/Linux
linux	tech	general	0	/* * Please skip to the bottom of this file if you ate lunch recently * -- Alan */ -- from Linux kernel pre-2.1.91-1
linux	tech	general	0	#if _FP_W_TYPE_SIZE < 64 #error "Only stud muffins allowed, schmuck." #endif -- linux/arch/sparc64/quad.c
linux	tech	general	0	#if _FP_W_TYPE_SIZE < 32 #error "Here's a nickel kid. Go buy yourself a real computer." #endif -- linux/arch/sparc64/double.h
linux	tech	general	0	<dark> eat Depends: cook | eat-out. But eat-out is non-free so that's out. And cook Recommends: clean-pans. -- Seen on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	* Linux Viruscan..... Windows 95 found. Remove it? (Y/y) -- Unknown source
linux	tech	general	0	<sel> need help: my first packet to my provider gets lost :-( <netgod> sel: don't send the first one, start with #2 * netgod is kidding
linux	tech	general	0	These download files are in Microsoft Word 6.0 format. After unzipping, these files can be viewed in any text editor, including all versions of Microsoft Word, WordPad, and Microsoft Word Viewer
linux	tech	general	0	Ooh, mommy, mommy, what I have now doesn't work in this extremely unlikely circumstance, so I'll just throw it away and write something completely new.
linux	tech	general	0	#ifdef __SMP__ #error "Me no hablo Alpha SMP" #else #define irq_enter(cpu, irq) (++local_irq_count[cpu]) #define irq_exit(cpu, irq) (--local_irq_count[cpu]) #endif -- from kernel 2.1.90, arch/alpha/kernel/irc.c
linux	tech	general	0	Linus Torvalds: > This is the special Easter release of linux, more mundanely called 1.3.84 Winfried Truemper: > Umh, oh. What do you mean by "special easter release"?. Will it quit > working today and rise on easter?
linux	tech	general	0	I never thought that I'd see the day where Netscape is free software and X11 is proprietary. We live in interesting times.
linux	tech	general	0	Because I don't need to worry about finances I can ignore Microsoft and take over the (computing) world from the grassroots.
linux	tech	general	0	/* * Buddy system. Hairy. You really aren't expected to understand this * */ -- From /usr/src/linux/mm/page_alloc.cA
linux	tech	general	0	baz bat bamus batis bant.
linux	tech	general	0	Just go ahead and write your own multitasking multiuser os! Worked for me all the times.
linux	tech	general	0	I've seen people with new children before, they go from ultra happy to looking like something out of a zombie film in about a week.
linux	tech	general	0	I expect that no one has objections. However, if I'd only add these entries to the list because `I think it's the right thing to do', I'd get a lot of flames afterwards :)
linux	tech	general	0	Various documentation updates and bugfixes (the best way to know that a stable kernel is approaching is to notice that somebody starts to spellcheck the kernel - it has so far never failed)
linux	tech	general	0	You will not censor me through bug terrorism.
linux	tech	general	0	<doogie> Thinking is dangerous. It leads to ideas. -- Seen on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	<james> Are we going to make an emacs out of apt? APT - Debian in a program. It even does your laundry -- Seen on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	<joost> Do you mean to say that I can read mail with vi too? ;-) <Joey> Didn't you know that? <Joey> :r /var/spool/mail/jk -- debian-mentors
linux	tech	general	0	Charles Briscoe-Smith <cpbs@debian.org>: After all, the gzip package is called `gzip', not `libz-bin'... James Troup <troup@debian.org>: Uh, probably because the gzip binary doesn't come from the non-existent libz package or the existent zlib package. -- debian-bugs-dist
linux	tech	general	0	Debian is like Suse with yast turned off, just better. :)
linux	tech	general	0	The truth is not free. It's that simple. If you change the truth, it is no longer true - so the truth is not free!
linux	tech	general	0	The problem here (as someon else stated) is that when multiple dists use the same package format it only gives a "false sense of compatibility".
linux	tech	general	0	*** Rince is wagner@schizo.DAINet.de (We have Joey, we have Fun, we have Linux on a Sun) -- Seen on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	The most effective has probably been Linux/8086 - that was a joke that got out of hand. So far out of hand in fact its almost approaching usability because other folks thought it worth doing - Alistair Riddoch especially.
linux	tech	general	0	The only other people who might benefit from Linux8086 would be owners of PDP/11's and other roomsized computers from the same era.
linux	tech	general	0	Ha. I say let them try -- even vi+perl couldn't match the power of an editor which is, after all, its own OS. ;-)
linux	tech	general	0	Being overloaded is the sign of a true Debian maintainer. -- JHM on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	<alaint> joey--very clever !!! <alaint> joey--no wonder that Debian is a good distrib with coder like you -- Seen on #Debian (referring to my RAID article for the LJ)
linux	tech	general	0	There are 3 kinds of people: those who can count & those who can't. -- Unknown source
linux	tech	general	0	Despite the best efforts of a quantum bigfoot drive (yes I know everyone told me they suck, now I know they were right) 2.1.109ac1 is now available
linux	tech	general	0	<dark> Turns out that grep returns error code 1 when there are no matches. I KNEW that. Why did it take me half an hour? -- Seen on #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	It's simply unbelievable how much energy and creativity people have invested into creating contradictory, bogus and stupid licenses...
linux	tech	general	0	<Overfiend> partycle: I seriously do need a vacation from this package. I actually had a DREAM about introducing a stupid new bug into xbase-preinst last night. That's a Bad Sign. -- Seen on #Debian shortly before the release of Debian 2.0
linux	tech	general	0	<dark> Looks like the channel is back to normal :) <jim> You mean it's not scrolling faster than anyone can read? :) -- Seen on #Debian after the release of Debian 2.0
linux	tech	general	0	Alex Buell: Or how about a Penguin logo painted in really really trippy colours, and emblazoned with the word LSD. :o) Geert Uytterhoeven: We already had that one, but unfortunately Russell King fixed that nasty palette bug in drivers/video/fbcon.c :-) -- linux-kernel
linux	tech	general	0	Writing non-free software is not an ethically legitimate activity, so if people who do this run into trouble, that's good! All businesses based on non-free software ought to fail, and the sooner the better.
linux	tech	general	0	Außerdem noch [..] die Distribution für Puristen, denen technische Eleganz und Qualität und philosophisch reine Lehre der `freien Software' über totale Einfachheit geht (Debian) und viele mehr.
linux	tech	general	0	No, that's wrong too. Now there's a race condition between the rm and the mv. Hmm, I need more coffee.
linux	tech	general	0	Microsoft DNS service terminates abnormally when it receives a response to a DNS query that was never made. Fix Information: Run your DNS service on a different platform. -- bugtraq
linux	tech	general	0	I am amazed that no-one's based a commercial distribution on Debian yet - it is by far the most solid UNIX-like OS I've ever installed, and I've played with HP/UX, Solaris, FreeBSD, BSDi, and SCO (not to mention OS/2, Novell, Win95/NT)
linux	tech	general	0	Jim> http://www.novare.net/~eam/kaffe/ Joey> ^ Joey> And now we all learn how to write Ean's name and the URL is complete. Jim> Hah! I noticed that the instead I sent it, and I tried to hit ^g, but I was too slow. :-) --- debian-devel
linux	tech	general	0	Die TeX-Artikel [..] aber doch inzwischen wohl nicht mehr an den Fingern zweier Hände abzählbar (außer vielleicht von Informatikern, die bekanntlich mit den Fingern bis 1023 zählen können.
linux	tech	general	0	And Bruce is effectively building BruceIX
linux	tech	general	0	<Culus-> I will be known as Ian Black, Ean can be Ian Red, Netgod Ian Blue, Che gets Ian Yellow, CQ is Ian Purple and Joey is Ian Indigo -- Some #Debian channel
linux	tech	general	0	When a float occurs on the same page as the start of a supertabular you can expect unexpected results. -- Documentation of supertabular.sty
linux	tech	general	0	From: Ean Schuessler <ean@novare.net> The unrecognized minister of propaganda, E
linux	tech	general	0	* liw prefers not to have Linus run Debian, because then /me would have to run Red Hat, just to keep the power balance :) -- #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	<\\swing> and if we're playing old distributions... whatever happened to Yggdrasil? :) <joost> \\swing: everybody who tried to pronounce it got their tongue in a knot and choked -- #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	I'm telling you that the kernel is stable not because it's a kernel, but because I refuse to listen to arguments like this.
linux	tech	general	0	> Tut mir Leid, Jost, aber Du bist ein unertraeglicher Troll. Was soll das? Du *beleidigst* die Trolle! -- de.comp.os.unix.linux.misc
linux	tech	general	0	Wenn also die KDE-Arbeit nochmal gemacht wird bei GNOME, hat das die Entwicklungszeit für ein freies Desktop-System verkürzt. Hast Du auch irgendwo die passende Algebra zu der Rechnung?
linux	tech	general	0	* dpkg ponders: 'C++' should have been called 'D' -- #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	<rm_-rf_> The real value of KDE is that they inspired and push the development of GNOME :-) -- #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	* dpkg hands stu a huge glass of vbeer * Joey takes the beer from stu, you're too young ;) * Cylord takes the beer from Joey, you're too drunk. * Cylord gives the beer to muggles. -- #Debian, celebrating the 5th anniversary
linux	tech	general	0	<stu> Stupid nick highlighting <stu> Whenever someone starts with "stupid" it highlights the nick. Hmm. -- #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	<netgod> And once Diziet/CQ make the formal announcment that LSA sucks, we can even reduce the Crisis Level rating and move on to linuxfoundation.org. -- #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	* LG loves czech girls. <vincent> LG: do they have additional interesting "features" other girls don't have? ;) -- #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	The first is to ensure your partner understands that nature has root privileges - nature doesn't have to make sense.
linux	tech	general	0	As to house maintenance, does it involve problem solfing? If so, your hacker can safely be left to deall with the panning (for the musement value, if nothering ese).
linux	tech	general	0	Remember: While root can do most everything, there are certain privileges that only a partner can grant.
linux	tech	general	0	<Skyhook> Where is 'bavaria' proper? I thought it was austria. -- Seen on #Linux
linux	tech	general	0	Day X+4 months: Microsoft ships NT 5.0 for Intel.with a big media event on TV. IBM begins to ship Debian 4.6 as the standard OS on all machines from mainframe to PC and announces the move on Slashdot.
linux	tech	general	0	How many chunks could checkchunk check if checkchunk could check chunks?
linux	tech	general	0	Q: How does a Unix guru have sex? A: unzip;strip;touch;finger;mount;fsck;more;yes;umount;sleep -- unknown source
linux	tech	general	0	Someone on IRC was very sad about the uptime of his machine wrapping from 497 days to 0. -- linux-kernel
linux	tech	general	0	<doogie> netgod: 8:42pm is not late. <netgod> doogie: its 2:42am in Joeyland -- #Debian
linux	tech	general	0	We knew from experience that the essence of communal computing, as supplied by remote-access, time-shared machines, is not just to type programs into a terminal instead of a keypunch, but to encourage close communication.
linux	tech	general	0	Could somebody drag the Irix team kicking and screaming into the 1980's, please? I realize it might be quite painful for them, but maybe you could buy them a disco tape, so they'd feel a little bit more at home. -- Linus "Stayin' alive, stayin' alive" Torvalds
linux	tech	general	0	> <magical +3 sigh of hyperbole deflection> The branden dodges your magical sigh. The branden attacks you with a slew of words! The branden misses!
linux	tech	general	0	Emacs is a nice operating system, but what it lacks, in order to compete with Linux, is a good text editor. - based on https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Emacs
linux	tech	general	0	Who wants to remember that escape-x-alt-control-left shift-b puts you into super-edit-debug-compile mode? -- Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands, especially Emacs.
linux	tech	general	0	I've heard a Jew and a Muslim argue in a Damascus cafe with less passion than the emacs wars."
linux	tech	general	0	World domination. Fast
linux	tech	general	0	Actually, typing random strings in the Finder does the equivalent of filename completion. -- Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands: file completion vs. the Mac Finder.
linux	tech	general	0	Anyone who thinks UNIX is intuitive should be forced to write 5000 lines of code using nothing but vi or emacs. AAAAACK! (Discussion in comp.os.linux.misc on the intuitiveness of commands, especially Emacs.)
linux	tech	general	0	It's God. No, not Richard Stallman, or Linus Torvalds, but God.
linux	tech	general	0	There are no threads in a.b.p.erotica, so there's no gain in using a threaded news reader. -- Unknown source
linux	tech	general	0	Running Windows on a Pentium is like having a brand new Porsche but only be able to drive backwards with the handbrake on. -- Unknown source
linux	tech	general	0	The nice thing about Windows is - It does not just crash, it displays a dialog box and lets you press 'OK' first.
linux	tech	general	0	What's this script do? unzip ; touch ; finger ; mount ; gasp ; yes ; umount ; sleep Hint for the answer: not everything is computer-oriented. Sometimes you're in a sleeping bag, camping out. -- (Contributed by Frans van der Zande.)
linux	tech	general	0	Linux: Because Software Problems Should Not Cost Money. -- Shlomi Fish -- https://www.shlomifish.org/art/linux_banner/
linux	tech	general	0	You know who's dumb? It's me. I'm dumb. I couldn't eject the tape. Because there was no tape. And I was looking at the slot cover.
linux	tech	general	0	Did I test the above macro? Don't be silly. All my code works on first try. Except when it doesn't.
linux	tech	general	0	If I wanted made-up random crap and hallucinations, I'd ask ChatGPT, not my filesystem.
