tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: Are those police boats? [house band does a rimshot, as if GOB was joking] No, seriously, I think those are police boats. George Sr.: That's the Securities and Exchange Commission. Buster: They have boats?
tv-arrested	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: Well clearly the blue part is the land.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: What have we always said is the most important thing? George Michael: Breakfast! Michael: ...No. Family. George Michael: Oh right! I thought you meant of the things you eat.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: If you're saying I play favorites, you're wrong. I love all my children equally. [Flashback to that morning] Lucille: I don't care for Gob.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Then, mistaking a group of garishly dressed men for pirates, Tobias boarded a van full of homosexuals.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	George Sr.: This is my vacation, Michael. Michael: You're doing time, Dad. George Sr.: I'm doing the time... of my life!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille Bluth: You want your belt to buckle, not your chair.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: I should be in charge. I'm the older brother. Michael: Do you even want to be in charge? Gob: No... but I'd like to be asked!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: Let me ask you something. Is this a business decision, or is it personal? 'Cause if it's business I'll go away happily. But if it's personal, I'll go away... but I won't be happy. Michael: It's personal.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Steve Holt: Steve Holt!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: I care deeply for nature. Michael: You're wearing ostrich-skin boots. Lindsay: Well, I don't care about ostriches.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille Bluth: I'll be in the hospital bar. Michael: Uh, you know there isn't a hospital bar, Mother. Lucille: Well, this is why people hate hospitals. [Cackles at her own wit]
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: She's just wigged out because I have a girlfriend. Lucille: A waiter hands him a note and suddenly he's Steve McQueen. He doesn't even know what she looks like. Buster: I know that she's a brownish area with points.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: You're just jumping right into this, huh? Buster: That's what you do when life hands you a chance to be with someone special. You just grab that brownish area by its points and you don't let go no matter what your mom says.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prison warden: You really think you can break out of my prison? Gob: You won't even know I was here. Narrator: The warden was intrigued. Less about the stunt, and more about the prison beatings this brash magician was sure to receive.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marta: I just couldn't find my keys. Michael: Well, my brother may have eaten them.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	George Sr.: I just haven't had sex in a month. Michael: You know, you've been here two months. George Sr.: It's hard to gauge time. Michael: Yeah, I'll bet.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: I [bleep]ed Kitty! Michael: Gob! I just wanted you to get the information. Gob: I got the information. Michael: You did, huh? About the international accounts? Gob: Oh, I see what you're getting at. No, I didn't get any information.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kitty: Gob? I wish I would have know you were coming. I am a mess. Gob: I don't know if a call from me would've changed that.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Kitty: Do you like my outfit? Gob: Not as much as I like what's underneath it. Kitty: Gob! Gob: No, I need your chair. Get up.
tv-arrested	society	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Come on, face it. You just do all this charity crap just to stroke your ego. You don't even know what the auction's for tonight. Lindsay: The wetlands. Michael: To do what with them? Lindsay: Dry them. Michael: Save them. Lindsay: From drying.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: Look, I screwed up, ok? I'm lost, and I hate them. I hate the Wetlands. They're stupid and wet, and there are bugs everywhere, and I think I maced a crane, Michael.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Tobias had intended to park the family's only vehicle at the airport parking lot, but was waved onto the tarmac instead, where he found a spot close to his gate.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: Supposedly, Luz had to take her daughter to the hospital. That's Lupe, her sister. Michael: I hope she's okay. Lucille: She's awful. Can barely wash a dish.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: (loudly) Well, how embarrassing. My own brother buying me? I'd rather die. (whispers to Michael) Thank you. Maybe you're not that selfish.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	[at the prison] Barry Zuckerkorn: Are all the guys in here... you know? [referencing gay inmates] George Sr.: Oh, no, no. No, not all of them. Barry Zuckerkorn: Yeah. It's never the ones you hope. George Sr.: Hope? Barry Zuckerkorn: Think.
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Wayne Jarvis: I use one adjective to describe myself, what is it? Michael: Professional. [Jarvis shakes head and walks out]
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Did I just wake you up? I didn't even know you were home. Lindsay: No, Michael, I don't just sleep all day. Narrator: Actually, Lindsay was so upset at Michael that she tried meditating to calm herself but ended up taking a two-hour angry nap.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I love Marta. Lindsay: Mom's housekeeper?
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wayne Jarvis: I shall duck behind the couch. Michael: What a pro.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wayne Jarvis: I shall duck behind that little garbage can. Michael: Guy's a pro.
tv-arrested	food	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [to Lucille] Oh, um... there's a big bowl of candy in my office. Why don't you go eat it? Wayne Jarvis: Wayne Jarvis, attorney at law. I have a responsibility to tell you that there is no candy in this office.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: [to Michael] Well, if it isn't the boy who lives under the stairs.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Hey, Mom. Remember we had that conversation about trying to cut back on things that aren't necessities? Lucille: Like it was yesterday. Michael: It was this morning.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: You're my third least favorite child. Michael: I can live with that.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Speaking of the surprise party for Lucille] Maeby: We [George Michael and Maeby] don't have to go, do we? Michael: This is a Bluth family celebration. It's no place for children.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I can't believe she got that driver's license renewed. Gob: She didn't. I dummied her up a new one. Not my best work, though. She wanted to look 48. I nearly airbrushed her into oblivion. Ended up checking "albino" in the form.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: It would just give Dad one more reason to think that I've got nothing to offer but my looks. Gob: Yeah, I got some of that. Except he also didn't like my looks.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: And I'm going to continue dating, Mom. Michael: It sounds a little bit like "dating Mom." Buster: It's starting to feel a little like it.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Since when are you against leather? Maeby: Yeah, you're not even a vegetarian. Lindsay: Well, I'm not against the insides. I mean, people need meat to survive. Michael: You are aware they don't remove it from the cow surgically, right?
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Man at the store: May I help you? Tobias: Oh, I hope so. Um, I'm looking for something that says, "Dad likes leather." Man: Something that says, "leather daddy"? Tobias: Oh, is there such a thing?
tv-arrested	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I'm a saint, you know. I'm a living saint, and I get absolutely nothing out of it. Lindsay: Well, you get a false feeling of superiority Michael: That is nice, but this time it's not enough.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rollo: If you care about your brother, you'll get in this car. Michael: Which brother? Rollo: Gob. [Michael leaves]
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: You're the only one who chose a spouse I liked and she had to die. Michael: I know, that's rough for you.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: [to Lindsay] I don't criticize you! And if you're worried about criticism, sometimes a diet is the best defense.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Maeby: [working with Lucille] This is so much fun. I can't believe my mom thought being here would be a punishment. Lucille: Oh, she thinks I'm too critical. That's another fault of hers.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Maeby: [working with Lucille] Well, we can go get some ice cream, Gangee. That would be fun, right? Lucille: I don't think so. That chubby little wrist of yours is testing the tensile strength of this bracelet as it is.
tv-arrested	faith	tv-quote	general	0	George Sr.: What time is it? Oh, almost sundown. I have to prepare for the Sabbath. Michael: It's Tuesday. George Sr.: Shh...
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: You knew the whole time, didn't you? George Michael: Well, sort of. One of the Hot Cops is my choir teacher.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Tell you what. I'm going to give you the cash, but in return, I get to ask you for a favor sometime. Gob: My gut is telling me no. But my gut is also very hungry.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: [about the Hot Cops] These guys are pros, Michael. They're gonna push the tension 'til the last possible moment before they strip. Michael: They're not going to strip, are they? Gob: I told them not to, but I can't promise that their instincts won't kick in.
tv-arrested	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Jessie: We need to make Michael the new face of the Bluth company. He's the only likable one in the bunch. No offense. Michael: None taken.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jessie: There are very few intelligent, attractive and straight men in this town. Tobias: Well, that certainly leaves me out. [Everyone looks at Tobias] You said "single," right? She said "single."
tv-arrested	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Jessie: Your father's religious now? We'll play that up. It's very sympathetic. Lucille: Yeah. Who doesn't love the Jews?
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: I'll have the Ike and Tina Tuna. Waitress: Plate or platter? Lucille: I don't understand the question, and I won't respond to it.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: Oh, I see. She wants to talk to you. For some reason women feel safe around you. Maybe it's because you've only had sex four times. Michael: Not four times, four women! And they talk to me because I talk to them!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: [holding out a tissue] Blow. Buster: No, Mother. I can blow myself.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Barry Zuckerkorn: It would help if you would all show up looking like a loving, supportive family. Lucille: For how long? Barry Zuckerkorn: Ten minutes tops. Lucille: See if you can get it down to five.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: [to Michael] Tell you what. You may not be good with women, but you are great with other people's women. I'll give you that.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	George Michael: Was Aunt Lindsay ever pregnant? Gob: Oh yeah. Dozens of times.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: It's George Michael, he told me. I think he wants a mother. Michael: Well that's ridiculous. He's got you, he's got our mother. You'd think that would turn him off to the entire concept.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: I don't have the milk of mother's kindness in me anymore. Michael: Yeah. That udder's been dry for a while though, hasn't it?
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: Well, you and I have different management styles. I believe work should be fun, and you try to crush people's spirits. What's next, Michael? Are you going to make dancing illegal? Is this the tiny town from Footloose?
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: I'm a scholar. I enjoy scholarly pursuits. Lucille: Suddenly, playing with yourself is a scholarly pursuit.
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	George Sr.: What are you doing firing Kitty? You can't fire Kitty. First of all, you don't have hiring and firing power. Michael: I do, and I had to - she's crazy. George Sr.: Well, that's why you don't fire her. You don't fire crazy. You never fire crazy.
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I'm not a one-night stand kinda guy, I don't like lying to women. Gob: These are lawyers. That's Latin for liar.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Boy, the lengths you'll go to sleep with a woman. Gob: Believe me, we didn't do any sleeping. I had sex last night. Narrator: But he really didn't. Gob: Yes, I did.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: I just had a major night. With a major blonde. Who just majored in Marine Biology, if you know what I mean. Michael: I don't know what you mean. I can't imagine what that means.
tv-arrested	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: And now you love the Ten Commandments. And yet you're the one who so conveniently forgot "Thou shalt protect thy father and honor no one above him unless it be-ith me, thy sweet Lord." Michael: I'm not sure that one made it down the mountain, Gob.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: I've got the marriage and none of the good parts. It's like so far it's been all chain and no ball.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Tobias: As you may or may not know, Lindsay and I have hit a bit of a rough patch. Michael: Really? When did that start? Tobias: Well, I don't want to blame it all on 9/11, but it certainly didn't help.
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	George Senior: Gilligan has promised me that all this money will be safe in IRAs. Ira Gilligan: It's Ira, sir. George Senior: Oh, I'm sorry, Gilligan. Will be safe in Ira's.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	George Sr.: Michael, this is my brother. Do you know what it's like to have a sibling who has no source of income except for you? Michael: Just one? No, no idea. It sounds wonderful, though.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tobias: I'm afraid that this offer comes off the table at midnight. Michael: That may be the worst bluff I've ever heard. Narrator: Even the members of Gobias industries agreed on that one.
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: Well, they expect a certain amount of theft, Michael. It's built into the price. If I didn't take it, then people would be overpaying for nothing.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	George: No, no, look, you were ... you were just a turd out there, you know? You couldn't kick, and you couldn't run, you know? You were just... a turd.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Not really. Kids love boundaries. I mean, look at these girls. (Talking about the "Girls with Low Self-Esteem" tape) Is this what you want? Tobias: Oh, God, no. Michael: This could be where your daughter is headed. Tobias: Oh, no, no, I don't want this for Maeby either.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: It's zero hour, Michael. It's the end of the line. I'm the firstborn. Sick of playing second fiddle. Always third in line for everything. Tired of finishing fourth. Being the fifth wheel. [thinks for a moment] There are six things I'm mad about, and I'm taking over.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Tell me the truth, okay? 'Cause there's been a lot of lying in this family. Lucille: And a lot of love. Michael: More lies.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Tobias went to a try-out for the Blue Man Group hoping to be seen. [Tobias gets hit by a car] Narrator: Unfortunately, it was dusk, and he couldn't be seen.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: What did he say? Tell me the last thing he said. Tobias: [in flashback] I'm afraid I just blue myself. Michael: He said some wonderful things.
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Well, I better get over there before he brings the whole company down. Lindsay: It's only been three hours. How much damage could he really do? Narrator: In three hours, Gob had done $45,000 in damage.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: It's not fair to Buster. He's a nervous wreck right now. He's going into the Army, for God's sake. Michael: You volunteered him. Lucille: I knew you were going to throw that in my face.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: I want you out of the house. Oscar: Oh, I want you everywhere.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Tom Jane: I just want my kids back.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [to Gob] Get rid of the Seaward. Lucille: I'll leave when I'm good and ready.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tobias:I know you're the big marriage expert. Oh, I'm sorry, I forgot your wife is dead! [beat] I'm sorry, that was 100% inappropriate and I do apologize profusely. I'm, oh...
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: We have a private eye, huh? Lucille: Oh, I hired him a hundred years ago to find out if your father was cheating on me. He never did find anything. Michael: Well, he can't be very good then.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Ann-Hog's coming? Well, load her up in the car.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Maeby: Is there any way I can divorce them? Barry: Oh, sure. It's called emancipation. But you've got to prove that you're living in an unstable environment. Maeby: Both my parents are trying to have affairs. Of course, they haven't succeeded yet.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: What are you doing home? Buster: Army had half a day.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I think George Michael's hiding Ann in the attic. Lindsay: From who? The Nazis?
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tobias: Here he comes. Here comes John Wayne. [imitating John Wayne] I'm not gonna cry about my Pa. I'm gonna build an airport. Put my name on it. [speaking normally] Why, Michael? So you can fly away from your feelings?
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: As a child, Buster had a beloved parakeet. But after landing on his mother's housekeeper's head, it flew away. And into a transformer. When Buster found out, he destroyed the family's kitchen, believing this to be where Rosa lived.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: [to Maeby] You know what? I'm going to throw on a skirt, take off my underwear, and make your Pop-pop proud!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	George Michael: I have Pop-Pop in the attic. Michael: What? The mere fact that you call making love "pop pop" tells me you're not ready.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Oscar: God willing, he'll fail boot camp. Michael: Well, why wouldn't he? He already failed day camp.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: I'm the pathetic one, Buster, not you. I totally freaked out in front of that prosecutor today. Like a little girl. In a little dress. Little saddle shoes. Little pigtails. Buster: Wow, that does sound like a little girl.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: No, you're not going to that. You see, if I show up with you, it'll just make me seem like I'm a mother. Maeby: I've never thought of you that way. Lindsay: That's sweet.
tv-arrested	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: I did the right thing, Michael. If I don't fire them, how do I teach a lesson to the others? Michael: There are no others. You fired everyone.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: Get me a vodka rocks. Michael: Mom, it's breakfast. Lucille: And a piece of toast.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sitwell: The only thing I ask is, out of the 450 homes we build, one be given to a disadvantaged family from the inner city. Gob: That's great. So the other 449 families live in fear? Is that what we're saying?
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: ...We lost our entire outfield, and a couple of court cases. George Michael: You know who would be great - and not at all litigious - is Ann.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: [to Buster] Maybe it's time you got out there and started meeting people. You know? Meeting women. Meeting women who didn't give birth to you.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: Oh, hi, Mom. I have the afternoon free. Lucille: Really? Did "nothing" cancel?
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	George Sr.: My back is in knots. I haven't had a massage since prison. Michael: Hope that was forced.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: She'd love to get at me any way she could. That's why she's been flirting with Gob. She's trying to prove that she's closer to my children than I am, but the joke's on her, because she doesn't know how little I care for Gob. Michael: I think that makes the joke on Gob.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: Hey, fake Uncle Jack.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: Well Gob doesn't do anything for the family... Gob: Hey... I'm [bleep]ing Lucille 2! Lindsay: Oh! I could do something like that...
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: That's the first time we were in the shower since our honeymoon. Tobias: And this time, no tears!
tv-arrested	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Mom, after all these years, God's not going to take a call from you.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: Oh, God. Not that "I'm in love with my mother" dance thing. I'm so glad there wasn't one of those for daddies and daughters. Lucille: Of course they have father-daughter dances. Lindsay: They do? He never took me? Lucille: It was before we did your nose. Toodle-oo.
tv-arrested	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: So then, he's more popular than George Michael? Maeby: Well, that's like comparing apples and some fruit nobody's ever heard of.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: You've got to be the laziest person in the world. Lindsay: If you weren't all the way on the other side of the room, I'd slap your face.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: Hey! I'm finally being treated like a real person. Not some deformed... Gob: Ah! Hook. I forgot about that there, Elephant Man. We'll have to find something to do so that people can look at you without wanting to kill themselves.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: My baby is sick, but Mother is here to nurse you. Michael: Well, now I'm a little sicker.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: Michael, I've been looking for you. Michael: Looks like you're looking for dragons... In the future.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	George Michael: Ann just called. They had a pre-dawn mass. Then they were going to mass, so... Michael: Ann's got a great deal of mass.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: Don't you think they're a bit too young [to get involved]? Rev. Veal: Well, we got serious around his age. Michael: [Glancing at the reverend's wife] Well-who can blame you? You gotta lock that down...
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: Oh, please. I've been drinking since before you were born. So if alcohol's the reason I'm here, I got news for you, bub. It's the only reason you're here, too. Michael: Hey, look at that. You're mean sober, too.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: Why don't you get Gob to do your dirty work for you? Shall I knock Dad out and chain him to a pipe somewhere, or should I risk another herpes outbreak with Kitty? Which is it this time, Michael? Michael: Well, definitely neither of those two things.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Gob had hidden his father under a house that had just collapsed. Gob: [Seeing George Michael and Maeby] Children - you're small. Crawl under there.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Season 3[edit] Gob: Pardon me if I don't burst into tears, Michael. At least he promised to take you. [bursts into tears] He just let me blindly enjoy my childhood! [sobbing] I didn't even know there was a cabin... he wasn't taking me to!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: We've got a picture of you with Saddam Hussein. George, Sr.: I thought, I thought that was the guy who played the Soup Nazi. I told him how much I liked his work.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: Steve Holt's not my son. George Michael: Steve Holt? The moron jock? Gob: That's my son, you pothead!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: Hey, can you do me a favor? A young neighborhood tough by the name of Steve Holt will be dropping by, and... Michael: Your son? Gob: According to him. Michael: And a DNA test. Gob: I heard the jury's still out on science.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	[During a work-out montage with Michael] Steve Holt: Don't ask "can I?," ask "I can!" Steve Holt: You can control your bladder when you're dead! Steve Holt: No blood, no oil! Steve Holt: There's no "I" in "win"!
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Rita: Rita corny, Michael. Narrator: So Michael used a line that was just as corny. Michael: You know, I think that we should wait until after we're married.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Michael has just revealed that he knows Rita is mentally challenged] Rita: You found out. Michael: Took me long enough. Rita: Maybe you're not smart, either! I didn't know until they told me.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: I want to cry so bad, but I don't think I can spare the moisture.
tv-arrested	society	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille: And that goes into storage, right? Not into your apartment. Painter: Que? Lucille: [to Michael] What's Spanish for "I know you speak English"?
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: I've got this Christian girlfriend now and she's trying to get me to be a better man and reconnect with my son and I'm trying to get her to renounce God and [bleep] me and I just want to prove to her that I'm worth it.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: That's the point, Dad. Mr. Loblaw no longer works for us because someone wanted a boyfriend. Tobias: Well, don't blame me! Michael: I was talking to Lindsay, actually, but he was clearly turned off to the both of you.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Lindsay: You know, Mom, I think the only time you cooked for us was the morning Rosa's mom died. Buster: You gave us cereal in an ashtray.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	George, Sr.: I just want my brother to envy my money, but he's got that hair. Why can't I have hair and money and him nothing?
tv-arrested	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: The real problem is that she keeps saying that God is going to show me a sign. The... something of my ways. Wisdom? Michael: It's probably wisdom.
tv-arrested	family	tv-quote	general	0	Michael: I can't stand to hear one more lie out of this family. Tobias: [entering, to Lindsay] There's the woman I'm sexually attracted to. Michael Okay, but that's the last one.
tv-arrested	society	tv-quote	general	0	Richard Shaw: I'm sorry it took so long, but the Cheney Expressway was backed up all the way to Halliburton Road.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tobias: I should call the Hot Cops and tell them to dress up as something more nautically themed. Hot sailors, maybe. Or better yet, hot seam - Michael: I like hot sailors. Tobias: Mmmm. Me too.
tv-arrested	love	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: Although George Michael had only got to second base, he'd gone in head first, like Pete Rose.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Narrator: It was Arrested Development.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Season 4[edit] Michael: I was mistakenly voted out of a four-person housing situation in a "pack first, no talking after" scenario.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	George Sr.: I have changed, Michael! I cry at the drop of a hat and I hate the way I look. I actually had one cute hat, and it... [starts sobbing] blew off at this CVS parking lot... and this whole car full of black kids ran over it - for no reason! And they saw it! THEY SAW IT!
tv-arrested	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: [Upon getting shocked seeing a picture of Jesus] For a second, I thought that was a real guy.
tv-arrested	society	tv-quote	general	0	Gob: [to a group of migrant workers] Who wants to help me build a wall... [Workers show interest] ...to keep Mexicans out of America? [Workers throw garbage at him] Alright, alright... Who wants to help me build a wall for no reason? It's a different wall!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tony Wonder: I'm here, I'm queer... And now I'm in a chair!
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Asian bully: This table is for National Honor Society members only.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lucille 2: Buster, you look different. Buster: Yes, I've been with a black woman.
tv-arrested	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: I am no longer a Mother-boy, I am a Mother-man!
