tv-a-team	family	tv-quote	general	0	B.A. Baracus: You learn to love him, Mama. But it takes a long time. Referring to Hannibal Amy: That's the same thing he said about you.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Face: I got us a Gulfstream. Can you fly it? Murdock: Hey, brother. If it's got wings, I can fly it. Face: Great. Murdock: Hey, Face, what's a Gulfstream?
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock is singing in the cockpit when Hannibal joins him. Hannibal: The sleeping giant awakes. Murdock stops singing and stares shocked at Hannibal. Hannibal: How fast can you bring us down? Murdock: You just landed, brother.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Martin James: The Lord shall test them! They shall walk through the valley of his wrath. Hannibal: Now you're beginning to walk through the valley of my wrath, Preacher.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Face gets hit hard in the face. Hannibal: (holds up three fingers) How many fingers am I holding up? Face: Blue.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	B.A. Baracus: We vote because I say we vote!
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock: (from inside padded cell) TRAAAAASH BAGS! I want TRAAAAASH BAGS! I want 'em! I want 'em!! Psychiatrist: (To guard) Do we have any trashbags? Maybe he'll put his head inside and suffocate.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock and Hannibal are seated in chairs will trash-bag balloons tied to them Hannibal: Murdock, how'd I let you talk me into this? Murdock: I don't know, I have intermittent memory loss! Takes off over prison wall
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock opens his mouth to say something. B.A.: Shut up, Murdock! Shut up!
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock: (sings) Did you ever see a hearse go by and think that someday you'd surely die. They put you in a little box and cover you over with dirt and rocks.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock: [sings] I'm Bogey the Bear, I'm covered with hair!
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Face: You don't have a plan, do you? Hannibal: Of course I have a plan. But it's a secret.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hannibal: (to Prince) If you don't take your hand off of me, your family will wear black.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Prince: (referring to Face who pretends to be a guy called Jerry) Jones, Garcia, why don't you show Jerry here what a nice street we got outside? Just make sure when he lands he don't hit my new car.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock: (sings) I'm an old cowhand From Rio Grande and I learned to ride before I learned to stand. B.A.: You don't shut up I'll knock you off that horse!
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	After the A-Team freed some wild mustangs. Murdock: Once again, the misterious Rider of the Range deals another triumphant blow for the rights of the oppressed. Face: (to a man) Don't ask. Man: I wasn't going to.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock: Hi, I'm Dr. Vern, veterinarian. And this (holds his hand up where is a sock) is my talking dog, Socki. Wuff! B.A.: And this is my talkin' fist. Its name is Knock-Out. Do you wanna hear Knock-Out speak? Murdock: No.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hannibal: If you lean on the Mayers once more you're gonna be shopping for some new kneecaps.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Crazy Tommy T: (to Face) Talk to me or I'll have Jilly here use your head for an anvil.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hannibal: Are these the only guys in the van, Murdock? Murdock: Yes, Sir. I checked for invisibles but they didn't have any with them.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	A tree falls on Murdock. Murdock: [sings in pain] I'm a lumberjack, I'm ok. I got no legs, but what the hey. Hannibal: How are you doing, Murdock? Murdock: I think there is a tree on my leg.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Murdock: [sings] I'm a lumberjack, I'm ok. Sleep all night and then work all day. Wear my clothes just once a year. Smells real bad but I don't care. I'm a lumberjack, that's a fact.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Face: I'm allergic to bullets. Especially those headed into my direction.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Murdock acts as if he was a crazy boss who is being threatened by some guys] Murdock: Nobody comes in here and threatens me under my own roof. Especially when I'm eating a tuna-fish sandwich.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Face: You better watch my back. Murdock: Who's gonna watch mine? They walk across the room. Murdock: Face, your back. It's looking good.
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Face: But Hannibal, rules are made to be broken! Hannibal: Noses are also made to be broken, right, Face?
tv-a-team	life	tv-quote	general	0	Face: The bigger they are, The harder they fall. B.A walks into the room B.A: The bigger they are, the harder they hit!
