tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: I hate listening to people's dreams. It is like flipping through a stack of photographs. If I'm not in any of them and nobody is having sex, I just don't care.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Domino, biatch!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: How could you not tell me you were gay? Terrell: I'm a musical theater actor living in Philadelphia! I didn't think it was that big a secret.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Black Student: Bout to bust that shit up Reece, Bout to bust that shit up Boy! Mac: Absolutely.
tv-alwayssunny	society	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: [at an abortion rally] I think all these chicks are gay. Dee: Yeah, I don't know that they're gay, I think they can just smell how disgusting you are. Dennis: Pff...sucks for me.
tv-alwayssunny	love	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: Are you actually gonna throw away all your convictions for a chance to get laid? Dennis: I don't really have any convictions.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tommy spits in Charlie's face] Charlie: Oh my God! I will...I will smash your face into- into a jelly!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tommy: I'm gonna tell my mom you took me to a black person's house. Charlie: Wow, extremely racist!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: I never statutory raped anyone before. Trey: Oh...okay, I'll tell you what: let's just take it slow. Dee: You are so sweet...where were you when I was in high school? Trey: I was eight. Dee: Right...Yeah...
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Sweet Dee approaches] Dee: Whats going on here? Who is that? Charlie: That's Tammy, Trey's ex-girlfriend. This is classic Tammy.Trey broke up with Tammy because Marine- Mac: Ok, you know what dude you gotta stop.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Dennis: I don't get it Sweet Dee, There are tons of women in this city; where do they mate with these gorrillas? Dee: They're at velvet-rope clubs on Delaware Avenue. Dennis: Oh I see. Dee: Dennis, our bar is in south Philly in a scary alley...might as well call it "Rape Bar."
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: Oh my God, Charlie, I shot you in your head! I am so sorry!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: We're really sorry Charlie, but it was dark, we didn't know it was you... and you were robbing the register. Charlie: Yeah... still wish you hadn't shot me.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: I have a little bit of a problem with old people...I find them kinda creepy...and scary. And gross, kinda gross. It's their hands really, you can see right through 'em and all their inside business.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: [To Dennis handing him a photo] : Dude, Your Grandpa's a Nazi!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Mac: That bitch is dead.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Charlie: OK, OK. First of all, there are people out there who actually have been molested and you guys are going to exploit that for your own personal gain? You assholes are securing your places in hell. Ryan: We've thought about it. We're willing to roll the dice.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Charlie: You guys cannot say that he molested you! Ryan: Why not? Charlie: Because he didn't molest you! Ryan: That's true, but he's a dick, and we hated him.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: If the McPoyles got blown, and Charlie got blown, then why didn't I get blown? Dennis: You're goin' to hell, dude. Dee: Seriously.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Where's your brother dude? Liam: We just stepped out of the shower. He'll be down in a minute. Charlie: Alright li--listen, you guys can't go... did you just say we? Liam: What? Charlie: Did you just say we just stepped out of the shower? Liam: I said "he."
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Barbara: While you were out making money, who do you think was at home, cooking and cleaning and raising your children? Frank: A series of Mexican women. Charlie: "A series..." Unbelievable, dude! [They high-five] You're on fire.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: [under breath] Oooohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh shiiit.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: He's getting a weapon everybody. Everybody get a weapon!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: This Jew's in for a ton of work. Mac and Charlie: WHOA! Dennis: Whoa, what? Mac: Come on, man! You can't say things like that! Dennis: I don't know what I said. What'd I say? Charlie: Uh, you dropped a hard "J" on us.
tv-alwayssunny	society	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: Hey gang, what's the action? Dennis: What's going on here? Frank: Asians love gambling! Sweet Dee: You know these guys? Frank: Yeah, from Nam. Mac: You were in Vietnam? Dennis: Don't get excited Mac, he was in Vietnam ten years ago on a business trip.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: [to his basketball team] Now as long as you hurt the other kid as bad or worse than he hurts you, you will have done your job. And I'll be proud of you.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kid: (Holds up soda can) Dennis: Diet? Does it look like I need to be on a diet? Kid: I don't know Dennis: Terrible, take a lap.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: All right, kids, how you feeling? Ducks' Team: Good. Mac: Good? Doesn't sound good. Are you drinking the Red Bull? Come on, chug 'em down! Ducks' Player: I feel sick. Mac: That's the vitamins ripping out the inside of your stomach. That's a good thing, trust me.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dennis: Hi. I'm a recovering crack head. This is my retarded sister that I take care of. I'd like some welfare, please.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Drug Dealer: What you need? Dennis: Uh, one, please. Drug Dealer: One what? Dennis: Uh... one rock of crack. Dee: One crack... Dennis: A crack rock. Is that enough? Is one crack rock enough? I don't... Dee: Uh... how much would you recommend for a first-time user?
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: I am not having sex with you, Charlie. Charlie: No, it's not sex I want from you. It's sex I don't want from Dennis!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: THIS ISN'T OVER UNTIL I SAY IT'S OVER!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Brianna: You look like a Holocaust victim in pageant makeup. Sweet Dee: I will eat your babies, bitch! Frank: Nobody's eating anybody's babies. Sweet Dee: Come on, let me eat her babies Sweet Dee: What did you just say you little bitch!
tv-alwayssunny	family	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: You're not ready for this fight, you're not... Dee: Oh, I have an idea, dad! Why don't you shut your fat little monkey face, and hold the bag!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: All right, here's what you're going to do. You're going to take all the weight on your neck. Then you're going to jam your legs down and hyper-extend your ankles, and then shoot back up and lock your knees in place. Dee: Not one of those things sounds right to me. At all.
tv-alwayssunny	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Here's a confession: I'm in love with a man. What? I'm in love with a man... a man named God. Does that make me gay? Am I gay for God? You betcha.
tv-alwayssunny	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: [to Mac] You know what dude, hear me out for a second okay. Now technically, that stain did appear to me. Also I am familiar with carpentry and I don't know who my father is. So, am I the messiah? I don't know, I could be, I'm not ruling it out.
tv-alwayssunny	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: So... if you like the Virgin Mary, and you like beer, come on down to Paddy's Pub! We got 'em both.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: [singing] I got the good lord goin' down on me!
tv-alwayssunny	love	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: There is nothing more threatening to a man than a woman who is smart and attractive. We have to pretend you're both! Dee: Wow, That's my dad everyone!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: I am not a failure! Mac: Dennis, what is it that you call it when somebody tries to do something but doesn't succeed? Dennis: Uh, that would in fact be a failure.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Mac: Do you want to shove heroin into your ass? Charlie: Dude, I don't want to shove anything in my ass! Mac: All right! This is the perfect opportunity to prove how hard we are, and not have to shove anything up our asses!
tv-alwayssunny	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: Well, maybe it boils down to this, smart guy: Computers are for losers. Dennis: You're drinking a beer at 8:00 in the morning! Mac: Whatever, dude. Irrelevant.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac's Dad: Let me get this straight...you come to me empty handed, and now you want my help? Mac: I know we let you down, but I promise to you, if you help us out with a certain situation, we will come back to you with our butts filled. Charlie: Oh, so filled! So filled for you!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Dude, it's amazing. Look at this. Bro, you could chop a camel right in the hump and drink all of its milk right off the tip of this thing.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tanning Employee: You want to put your baby into the tanning bed? Mac: We just want to put him in there for a couple of minutes or so. Dee: Just to get nice base roasting, golden brown or real tan Mac: [exaggerated] Just to get a base.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	In a note Charlie left: Taked baby. Meet at later bar, night or day sometime.
tv-alwayssunny	family	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: What the hell is that? Mac: It's a baby we found in the trash. Frank: [pauses] Well, put it back. It doesn't belong to you.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Well, if it isn't the girl who broke my heart by *falling* in love with my best friend and havin' *sex* with this guy! [motions to Frank] Waitress: Gross.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: This is going to be exactly like Woodstock. Dee: Oh, is it? Ooh, are you planning on getting yourself locked in the bathroom of your cousin's Winnebago for 3 days? Frank: Shut up about that! I survived on hand soap and toilet water for three days. The memory haunts me.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	(Frank cocks the gun and points it at Mac and Dennis) Mac and Dennis: WHOA! WHOA! WHOA! Frank: Lizard, am I standing in poop?
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Charlie: You should have seen how passionate he got when I showed him the dick flyer. Mac: You knew that it was a dick?!
tv-alwayssunny	family	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: I got good news! Your mother is dead--ha! Dennis: Yeah, right. Nice try. Very funny, Frank. Frank: I'm serious this time. She had a botched neck lift! She's as dead as disco--hehehe! Who wants champagne?! [Frank pops the cork on a bottle of champagne]
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Frank: When we get out of this, I'm gonna shove my fist right into your ass, hard and fast...Not in the sexual way! In the 'I am pissed off' sort of way.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Liam: Start breaking bricks wet nips!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dennis: Dude, I swear to god if you try and give me a noogie I will yank your underwear over your head so hard your asshole will rip in half. Mac: (walks in from the office) Helloooo!!! What's up bitches? Charlie: Mac, can an asshole rip in half? Mac: Like tissue paper.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dee: GET ON YER KNEES BITCHES!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Liam: We're takin' you bitches hostage.
tv-alwayssunny	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dee: Those goddam North Koreans. Dennis: They are some sneaky bastards.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: I have been taking this place up the butt with a little thing I like to call "Dee's Double-Drop." Dennis: So you're doing the double-drop here too? Dee: You know about that? Dennis: Yeah, we always used to take the difference out of your purse.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: I'm not asking you to do anything, just turn a blind eye while I rob this place stupid.
tv-alwayssunny	life	verse	general	0	Coast on, Yellow Jacket Boys, Buzz-Buzz-Bumble, They don't pay for sodapop, 'Cause they really rumble
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	(As they sing, it slowly dawns on Mac that he's hitched his cart to the wrong star...again. One of the children puts money in the still-full cup of coffee he was drinking out of. He's had it.) Mac: Goddammit! (He walks away.) Goddammit!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: That's a bad idea, whenever you get involved, someone gets hurt. Frank: I'm just palling around with the guys, how's anyone gonna get hurt? [Cue episode title]
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee (from inside the warehouse): It smells overwhelmingly like kerosene in here! Frank: Uh-huh! (he tosses the match into the warehouse and runs)
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Cut to the video of the rescue. Frank walks slowly to the well.) Dee I found the kittens! (Frank tosses something into the well and runs. Annoyed) Oh, come on! (Another explosion, and Dee starts screaming again.)
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Cut to the couch, where Frank, Mac and Charlie are watching the video.) Frank: Now, it's all good up to right here
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	(A cardboard box comes flying out of the well, followed by Dee. The gang throws up their hands in disgust.) Mac: She throws the kittens in every take! Charlie: Aw, man, she loves to ruin, and ruin, and ruin, and ruin!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	(pushes by Dennis snd Dee)
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Li'l Kev: Later, biatch!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dennis: (thoughfully): I don't think that guy's retarded...
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Frank: Charlie's right! We shouldn't be breakin' our shit! We should be out there breakin' other peoples' shit! That's rock and roll!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: (To his pre-op transsexual girlfriend) It's not that I'm ashamed of you, it's that I'm ashamed of myself.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	(beat) Dee: Ewww. Oh, I don't even know how that works, oh, God...
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: Charlie, I need a woman. I need a woman to...to cook for me, and clean up after me, and somebody that will do everything I say. Charlie: Well, that's just a maid. You want a maid? Frank: Yeah, that's right, a maid. A maid I can bang. A bang-maid.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank (threateningly): Stay away from my bang-maid!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: Oh, I'm sorry, I'm a lil preocupied with worrying about being killed by the mob because a homeless priest ran off with all of our drugs!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rickety Cricket: Watch out for the crackheads. They WILL cut you.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: I love you Peter Nincompoop! I miss you...already!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rickety Cricket: You guys, you gotta make it sexy. Hips and nips! Otherwise I'm not eating.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Noises from Charlie, Dee and Frank] Mac: We are not gonna come out blasting! Jesus Christ, what is wrong with you people?! Look we can still get out of this if we just...calm...doowwwwn!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mafia walks in] Mafia Member: Oh! These guys! Gang: Oh! Aay! Don: All right, it's Friday. Where's my money? Frank: Does anybody got a light?
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rickety Cricket (singing while pounding on his "drums"): They broke my legs, but they didn't break my spirit! And I can't feel the pain 'cause I found more cocaine! Co-CAINE! (Peter Nincompoop gallops down the street behind him)
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[After Dennis's cat emerges from an explosion unscathed] Dennis: Goddamnit, Jack Bauer. You really are the man.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Frank: Masturbating Bums are bad for Business.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Mac: The police? The streets are flooded with the ejaculate of the homeless and you people are counting on the police?!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Well, I taped over the Spin Doctors mix!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: No, I put the bar under the pride section. Dee: No you put the bar under the prize section!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: Well, what are we gonna do?! Frank: We're gonna dance our asses off!!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dee: Aww! Not only did I get Charlie to eat a drug filled brownie. I got everybody in here to do it. OK? Pretty soon people are going to be dropping like flies and it's just gonna be me and you two jerks. Good luck with those kegs boners. Charlie: Bitch.
tv-alwayssunny	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: Hey! I killed a deer i should get to eat it. That's the natural order. Mac: Wait you shot a deer? Frank: That's right a ten point buck.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Frank mimes a shooting a long gun) Frank: Peteew! Right between his soulful little eyes.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Cannibalism? Racism? Dude that's not for us...those decisions are better left to the suits in Washington. We're just here to eat some dude!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: I'm gonna go pick up some diguises. Dennis: Why? Charlie: So people don't know who we are. Dennis: People already don't know who we are!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Later dudes. S you in your As, don't wear a C, and J all over your Bs. Mac: Why would he not wear a C? Dennis: I don't even know what he's talking about half the time, bro.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: My nose was chiseled by the gods themselves, Frank. My body was sculpted to the proportions of Michelangelo's David. You, on the other hand, well, you're a pit of despair. Frank, you disgust me. You disgust everyone, and you will never EVER be on that billboard.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: Your body quit, your bird quit, and unfortunately it's no longer legit.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Billboard contestant: So, there's no pay? Mac: I just told you what the pay was! Frank: He told you what the goddamn pay was!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dennis: Is this supposed to be dirt? it smells like shit! Frank: It is shit! Its a barnyard! Dennis: Frank, nobody is gonna step in shit!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Rex already in the pool full of shit) Dennis: Seriously Rex? You're just gonna step right in there? Rex: I wanna win bro, billboard.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: I'll blast you all over if you flinch again.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: [Drunk and slurring] Sooo I thought we could celebrate, with some pizza! And soome beer! Ohhh, that's right! I ate all the pizza, and I drank all the beer.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: [in Dennis' bed] Am I peeing?...Hey guys, if I'm peeing, wake me up!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Just got a couple long-range walkie-talkies. Dennis: Oh, cool. Did you get one for me? Charlie: IIIII......diiiiid.......noooooooooooot.
tv-alwayssunny	love	tv-quote	edgy	1	Frank: This slot defeats the purpose. I can see your eyes! We might as well get married. Dennis: It's the safest way, Frank. Frank: Dennis, if I was looking for safe I wouldn't be sticking my dick through a wall.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Of course I'm gonna explode. You think I'm not gonna explode?
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[In a club] Artemis: [smiling at guys she just met] Hi! Name's Artemis... I have a bleached asshole...
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Artemis: Im gonna take my bra off, blast my nips.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: All right, just sign this paper saying that we didn't kidnap you at all, and you can be on your way with all of our stuff. [Charlie hits him over the head with a beer bottle] Mac: DUDE! Why did you do that? Charlie: I really don't like this guy!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: If I had to write an article about you, it would say that you're very negative. The headline might be "Most Negative Man in the World Calls Other People White Trash to Make Himself Not Feel So Faggy."
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Rob: [gets in Dennis' face] Watch your ass new meat!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: [referring to Sinbad] I hope he's wearing something made out of windbreaker.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dennis: [After finding out he was hallucinating about Sinbad and Rob Thomas] Ah, I should see a doctor I'm really messed up. Sinbad: [Hallucination form] Psst! No your not, bitch!
tv-alwayssunny	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Employer: And you included in your specialties, "Taking care of business"? Charlie: Mmm Hmm Mac: Mmm Hmm T.C.O.B. Charlie: Mmm Hmm
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Spin Class Instructor: Ma'am if you just had a heart attack maybe you shouldn't be working out. Sweet Dee: Well maybe you shouldn't dress like a bumblebee, bitch!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Sweet Dee (to Spin Class Instructor): See you, Coach Dick and Balls.
tv-alwayssunny	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Wait, wait, wait...Check his pulse. Dee: He doesn't have a head, Charlie!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: [about the TV show Extreme Makeover: Home Edition] That show is basically about how awesome Sears is!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: Su casa es no más. Su vida es no más. ¡Somos extremos! ¡Cómo la televisión!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: What does a little Mexican girl love more than anything else in the world? Dennis: Hmmmmmmmmm...tacos. Charlie: Tacos, buddy!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: Dude, do you have a boner right now?!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: Also I wrote a song and I'm gonna throw it in there. Charlie: I swear to god if you do that I'll- Dee: Too bad, its gonnnnaaa happen! Its gonna happen! Charlie: I will smack your face, off of your face!! Dee: Ok.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: All right, you're getting hung up on "can't", and I'm not saying that you can't. I'm saying that it is illegal. Dennis: No, but it's not illegal.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: I'm saying I did an ocular assessment of the situation garnered that he was not a security risk and I cleared him for passage.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Nice tape job but, I noticed you stopped at the grill. Dennis: Ran out of tape but, I measured the opening of the door and it's shorter than the height of the grill.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dee: Maybe you shouldn't have your window open! Mac: maybe you shouldn't be throwing jars of piss out the window!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: We're crab people now Dee. Dee: Crab people, Charlie?
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: Maybe we should take a page out of ol' D &B's book.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: We live and die by the crab, Dee.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: What kind of a person salts another human being? There's no joy in salting someone.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: My god, there's not enough salt in the world for her.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dennis: As a matter of fact I'm starting to think think we need to intervene on you for your goddamn illiteracy. Dee: Yeah, Charlie, you are getting real dumb. Charlie: Come on, alright, this is what I'm talking about. Illiteracy. You know, what does that word even mean?
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee & Dennis: Intervention! Intervention! Charlie: Whoop! Whoop! Charlie & Dennis: You're trapped! You're trapped! You're trapped!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Hyah! Hyah! Get out of here snail! Hyah! Go snail! Go! Hyah!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: Oh my god, salt the snail! Salt the snail! Go!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Do wasps make honey? Dennis: No wasps do not make honey. Charlie: Alright well I'm gonna check it out anyway, there could be something delicious in here that wasps do make and I want that.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Tell you what, let me pop a quick H on this box this way we all know that it's filled with hornets.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Charlie: [trying to say that he is a philanthropist] I'm a full-on-rapist.
tv-alwayssunny	food	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Yes, my good man, I'll have the milk steak, boiled over hard, and your finest jelly beans...raw.
tv-alwayssunny	food	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: So the Wendy's manager was like "You gotta clean dat up!" and I was like they're your hamburgers you clean them up. Artemis was all bummed out about something I did to myself with the onions and now she won't talk to me.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Sorry about that, some guy in the bathroom wouldn't give me his shirt.
tv-alwayssunny	arts	tv-quote	edgy	1	Charlie: You don't know shit about chicks!!! Dennis: oh! we don't know shit about chicks?? so guess what bro, the waitress is getting marriage so suck on that!!!.......
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: I do not appreciate being paraphrased. I choose my words very deliberately.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Look at this, dude. That's just a bucket of chestnuts. Dennis: Who has- Mac: What, is he just foraging for his food? Charlie: I don't know, why the hell would you have a bucket of chestnuts, bro?!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dennis: You bet your ass I'm wearing women's underwear!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: We're both men of the law. You know. We get after it. You know, we jabber jaw, we go tit for tat. We have our little differences. But at the end of the day, you win some, I win some, and there's a mutual respect left over between us.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: I'll just regress, because I feel I've made myself perfectly redundant.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Mac: Two guns! Six boobs! We're all on the same team!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Charlie: Guess who just found some investors for kitten mittens? Dee: I told you, people love stupid shit! Charlie: Why do you keep calling it stupid, though? Dee: It's really stupid. But people are stupid too, so...
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Cats do not abide by the laws of nature.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Cat in the wall, eh? Ok, now you're talking my language. I know this game.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: Whoa, there are a lot of cats in this wall. Charlie: Yeah, I put a lot of cats in that wall.
tv-alwayssunny	food	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: Hey, you want a skinless apple, bud? Charlie: Yuuuuup.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Dennis is walking through the fair while pushing an old lady in a wheelchair.) Gladys: What's happening? Dennis: Well, Gladys, we are at a fair, and you're going to pretend to be my grandmother. Gladys: My grandmother had an affair with Susan B. Anthony.
tv-alwayssunny	love	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: See, I would have gone in and bought a box of magnum condoms, thus demonstrating I have a monster dong. Dennis: Right, that comes off a little bit desperate, Frank.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: I got my magnum condoms and a wad of hundreds; I'm ready to plow!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dennis: You mean to tell me you got you face painted like a god damn frog person with no ulterior motive? Ben: I'm a lizard!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: The name's Mantis, Mantis Toboggan, M.D
tv-alwayssunny	love	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: D: Demonstrate Value Dennis: E: Engage Physically Dennis: N: Nurture Dependence Dennis: N: Neglect Emotionally Dennis: I: Inspire Hope Dennis: S: Separate Entirely
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: What are you doing here? Mac: Oh, I'm doing the MAC. Dennis: The MAC? Mac: Yeah, The MAC: Move in After Completion.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: Oh whoops, ooh! I dropped my monster condom that I use for my magnum dong!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: Snortski...Oooohhhhhh!
tv-alwayssunny	work-money	tv-quote	edgy	1	Frank: I'm doing this jerk-off's taxes. Next year, the IRS will audit the piss out of him!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: Look how loose his jeans are!!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: I never thought I'd ever say this in my life, but it's weird sleeping without a cat in my bed
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: We totally poisoned your asses!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Frank: How do kids study on this god damn ritterall? I can't stop grinding my teeth
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: You know guys, I think this means that we've been relying on our parents too much, and we need to stick together and make our own Christmas good! Mac: Dude you're right! Listen I got something to do, but we're gonna do it together!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Gang walks out of hospital room) Frank: Well what about me?
tv-alwayssunny	family	tv-quote	edgy	1	Charlie: ...Did you fuck my mom? Santa: Uhh.. Charlie: Did you fuck my mom, Santa Claus? Mac: Charlie what the hell?
tv-alwayssunny	arts	tv-quote	edgy	1	Mac: Where's our bible? Dee: Seriously.. Mac: Where is our God damn bible?! Frank: This is a bar!
tv-alwayssunny	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: Oh Oh Oh! Everybody up on their high horse of marriage all of the sudden. Marriage is about procreation okay. This is gay marriage! That's two dudes bangin each other! What do ya get from that? Nothin! Nothin!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Frank: What the shit are you talking about!?!?
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Nick: So what you're sayin' is you gonna whup my black ass with a rod, and as long as I get up in a few days, we all good?
tv-alwayssunny	life	quip	general	0	Uncle Jack: Now this guy seems to think you don't have a case...and I'm inclined to agree with him!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Uncle Jack: Hey Mac, do you mind snapping a photo of us for the website? Now, and could you just put your hands over my hands, so they look like my hands?
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: (Concerned) What the hell happened down there; some kind of horse massacre?
tv-alwayssunny	food	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: Anyone want any more catfish? Charlie: Yo dude. Definitely give me another one of those. They're delicious. And you can taste that sort of endangered tang...
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: Hey bro, how'd you lose your hand? Sailor: Diabetes. Mac: That's not much of an adventure is it? Kind of tragic.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: You keep on using this word "jabroni" and... it's awesome.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Radio host: Please don't curse. Mac: You can't censor me bro, I'm kind of a bad ass.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Radio host: "Reggie Leech" is... the correct answer! Charlie: AAAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHH!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: We are not men who get a lot of opportunities, and the ones we've had we've squandered. Charlie: We've squandered them all.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	The Waitress: I am not leaving here until you apologize to me. Dennis: Yeah, well, you're going to be here for a while. Frank: I'll give you fifty bucks if you take your top off... and drink soup out of my shoe.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: I have a proposition too. Why don't you walk in front of me so I don't get your blood all over my feet?
tv-alwayssunny	society	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: I bet you don't even have any black people here. Pool Guy: Excuse me, ma'am, but there's an African American family right there. Dee: Well good for you. You keep a couple token ones around. Do you parade them around like a couple dancing monkeys?
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: Stride, stride, execute!
tv-alwayssunny	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mrs. Mac: They ain't American, I don't want to know them. Mrs. Kelly: I know. I wish they'd all go back to the desert. Mac: It does seem like they're bonding. Charlie: It's not really a Golden Girls type conversation, it's a racist conversation.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: Mom was a manager of Jiffy Lube for many years. Charle: I never heard about this. Mac: Well, she doesn't like to brag. She started her way at the bottom and worked her way to the tippidy top. Charlie: There's only three people at Jiffy Lube so it's not exactly a high climb.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: We're trying to piece a night together and we need your help. Artemis: I don't remember that night. Frank: I didn't tell you which night yet. Artemis: I don't remember most evenings.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: Just so I'm clear, you don't actually think things are going to come alive because you're spending the night in museum, right?
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dee: I'm not fat, I'm pregnant!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: I browned out that evening. Frank: Browned out? What's browned out? Mac: It's when you drink so much that everything goes brown. It's not as severe as a black out because I remember bits and pieces. I call it browning out.
tv-alwayssunny	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: A lot of great actors have done blackface. Dennis: There's countless examples of very classy actors doing black face. We got the great C. Thomas Howell in Soul Man. We got the Wayans Brothers in White Chicks. That was a very tasteful example of reverse blackface.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Principal McIntyre, I recently started mentoring one of the kids here. Principal McIntyre: Really? That's odd, because you're a janitor.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: You gotta do the lips funny!
tv-alwayssunny	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[bird screeching] Charlie: Wow. Did you see that? Dee: Yeah, yeah. I saw that. Charlie: That came like right at you. Is this safe?
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie (eating spaghetti out of a zip-loc bag): What's your spaghetti policy?
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Are you wearing makeup? Dennis: I'm always wearing a little bit of foundation but that's not the point.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: Animals should be food, rugs and trophies. Why do you think I'm wearing a leather suit? Dee: That's leather? I thought it was plastic. Frank: Who the hell wears a plastic suit? Dee: I just don't question the things you do anymore.
tv-alwayssunny	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: That's all our money! Charlie: No, it's all my money. You lost your money when you said no to the trucker.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: If animals have taught me anything, it's that you can easily die and very quickly under a bus and on the side of the road.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: This is for the rats!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Dee: This sucks. This sucks a bag of dicks.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dennis: Without the sunglasses, Weekend at Bernie's would have been a very dark, strange tale.
tv-alwayssunny	family	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: Parenting is pretending you know what you're talking about, then jamming it down their throat!
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	[To Roxy's Corpse] Frank: Roxy, God Bless you. You were a good whore, you serviced me like no other whore ever did; not only my crank, but my heart - and I'm gonna miss you. AMEN.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Frank: I love eggs, Charlie. And I love crabs. And I love boiling denim and banging whores. And I don't care if anyone doesn't like that about me, they don't have to stick around.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Dennis: You look fat as shit! I'm getting very concerned with the integrity of our organization here. Mac, you have gained 50 pounds of fat." Mac: "Mass." Dennis: "Fat." Mac: "Muscle." Dennis: Let's be clear. Fat."
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: "People change, Frank. Look at me: I went from a tiny twink to the muscle-bound freak you see before you."
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Mac: "But I'm healthy besides the diabitis. Doctor: "Um, no. Mac: "But I'm more healthier than he is, is the point I think you're trying to make, even with the diabitis. Dennis: Dude, stop saying "diabitis"! You sound like an ass...
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: "The other day we were hanging out under the bridge, we found a box of denim, and I'm like "these look like good jeans in here," and (Frank)'s like "Wanna split them with me 50/50?" That's a nice thing to do."
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Charlie: Hoooooolllllyyyy Shhhittt! Is that the ocean? Dennis: Yeah buddy that's the ocean. Charlie: What's on the other side of it there? Frank: Europe. Charlie: Now how long would it take.... Dennis: Do not try to swim to Europe. Charlie: Don't swim to Europe.
tv-alwayssunny	food	tv-quote	edgy	1	Mac: Whoa! What's that? You were supposed to get booze! Frank: This is Ham... *soaked* in Rum. It's Loaded with booze. Mac: Goddamn it Frank, eating your drinks? That is genius!
tv-alwayssunny	food	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: Hey, warm sun, cool ocean breezes, getting rip sh*t on ham. Mac: Wouldn't you say we're getting... Hammered?
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mac: "As a man who works very hard to maintain a certain level of physical excellence... I find shortcuts insulting. Now give me a piece of ham now!"
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: We gotta write a song about how we do not diddle kids! (singing) "Do not diddle kids! It's no good diddling kids!" Mac (annoyed): There is no quicker way for people to think that you're diddling kids than by writing a song about it! Frank: You gotta write a song like
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	I wouldn't do it with anyone younger than my daughter, no little kids, gotta be big, older than my wife, older than my wife, something like that... (Charlie looks at Mac, as if to say, "Should I? 'Cause I have an idea...") Mac (annoyed): Don't write a song about that.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	Frank: Do I look suspicious? Frank:Hey Charlie you asleep? Charlie are you asleep? Charlie: No. NO.
tv-alwayssunny	life	tv-quote	general	0	(whiny and tired) Frank: I got a great idea.
