tv-bobsburgers	food	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: Hello and welcome to Bob's Burgers. The burger of the day is the "child molester" - it comes with candy.
tv-bobsburgers	family	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: No one sheds like this family, it's like a bunch of Chewbaccas.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: I hope they're using protection because I am not taking care of that baby.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gene: My grandparents are staying with us and they were both alive during Prohibition-so this is what it sounds like when they have sex in the room next to mine.
tv-bobsburgers	food	tv-quote	general	0	Randy: Little girl, do you think cows should be ground up for food? Louise: Only if they commit adultery.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: So you're not going to get revenge today? Bob: No, Louise, I'm not. Louise: OK, got it. [Slyly] Then I won't bring your credit card... which I cut into a ninja star! Bob: Oh, you cut my credit card? Louise: Into a ninja star!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Teddy: I love bed and breakfasts. They're so quaint. Louise: Aren't they? Random strangers, shedding skin cells all over the house...
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: [as Linda drags her away] I'll see you, in hell Teddy! I WILL SEE YOU IN HELL!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bob: Hey, kids. Louise: Um, hey, Dad. Bob: I had to get away from those anuses for a while. Tina: You mean Mort and Teddy? Bob: Um, no. Gail's paintings.
tv-bobsburgers	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Bob defiantly hangs up an "anus" painting. Edith gasps in shock] Harold: BOB, YOU ARE IN DIRECT VIOLATION OF MY WIFE!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gene: Is Dad going to jail? Tina: I'll wave at you every day. Louise: Word of advice: don't tell them what you're in for. Gene: I hope our new dad is blonde.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: I've been honest with these two ever since Gene got too fat. Gene: I remember the ice-cream sandwich that did it too. I regret nothing! Louise: And Tina, bad breath every day. Tina: Not if you like fish.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: Your room looks like it was decorated by a perverted jockey.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bob: Mr. Frond. He's a tall glass of... annoying. Linda: That may be so, but you're gonna have to drink that glass, mister!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: When I die I want you to cremate me and throw my ashes in Tom Selleck's face.
tv-bobsburgers	family	tv-quote	general	0	Jimmy Pesto: You should keep your freaky kids locked up in your own place. Bob: [furious] What did you say about my kids? Linda: Hit him in his handsome groin!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Fischoeder: Bob, you may be the worst tenant I've ever had. And I rent space to a raccoon sanctuary! Bob: I know. They're next door. I've been meaning to talk to you about it.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: Our family doesn't celebrate Lobsterfest. We're like Jews on Christmas. Gene: Or Jews for Jesus on Hanukkah. Teddy: Or me at a lesbian bar. I went to a lesbian bar last night, Bob. It was like I was invisible.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gene: Let's release the lobster from whence it came! The supermarket!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tina: I already picked a corner for the bathroom. That one, where I went.
tv-bobsburgers	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bob: Are you kidding? I wish I could afford urinal cake ads. Linda: Ooh! All this talk about cake is making me hungry!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bob: Gene, how could you forget the name of the restaurant? You're there literally every day! Gene: I call you "Dad!" As far as I'm concerned, it's "Dad's Burgers!"
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Teddy: My uncle Paddy told me about it. He used to work in Caffery's, back in the fifties. He was his maid. Bob: Your uncle Paddy...was a maid? Teddy: All maids were men back then. Until women joined the workforce and took all the maid jobs away. Linda: Alright girls! Go girls!
tv-bobsburgers	family	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: [worried] They're not here! I got Tina's diary, let's see if it says anything. [reads diary] "Dear Diary, tonight we're sneaking into the dangerous taffy factory. Also, if boys had uteruses they'd be called duderuses". Bob: Ha, "duderuses."
tv-bobsburgers	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Gene: I just can't get enough of the acoustics in this place! Here! What song is this? [bangs brick on wall] Tina: Aqua Boogie, by P-funk? Gene: Yes! Wow.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tina: I will punch you. Investigator: I will punch YOU! Louise: Ooh! He will!
tv-bobsburgers	family	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: I dreamed that I was breast feeding Gene again, but he had a long, white beard, like Santa Claus. It was really freaky. Gene: That should be our next Christmas card.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Coach: You know the rules. No hats on the gym. Louise: I have a raging staph infection under here. You touch this hat and we all go down! You want to play dodge ball in the hospital?
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: We have no PE for the rest of the year, my friends. Gene: Yeah! Who needs it? [Gene tries to open the door but can't] Tina: Here, let me try. [Tina opens the door easily] Gene: Wow. I should exercise.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bob: Wow. Louise, You pulled a Caddyshack? Louise: What's a Caddyshack? Bob: You mean you didn't just throw a candy bar in the pool? Louise: No. Bob: Wow Louise: Yeah. Bob: That's impressive.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bob: Are we just going to ignore the fact that Louise just pooped in the pool? Louise: Ignore it? I named it. Jezebel. Linda: Awwww. My little grandoody.
tv-bobsburgers	family	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: I had the video game company take your game away because I love you. It's like the time you took away the credit card from me when I was ordering all those porcelain babies.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gene: [referring to the game music on Burgerboss] That's the song I wanna lose it to. Mm-mm-mm.
tv-bobsburgers	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Gene: It's the documentarian who hates Dad and puts wigs on cows! Tina: Werner Herzog?
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Andy: Cool, Mom packed tampons for lunch! Ollie: Oooh, share!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tammy: [to Tina] JUDGEMENTAL!
tv-bobsburgers	family	tv-quote	general	0	Linda: Bob, Gene look at yourselves, you're father and son! You're supposed to love each other, not kill each other; this isn't the Bible! This show has torn my family apart long enough! It ends now! Kids, cover your ears.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Louise: What just frickin' happened?!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dr. Bush: What's your name? Mudflap: Mudflap. Dr. Bush: Oh, Mudflap, uh... that was my grandmother's name. Mudflap: Really? Dr. Bush: No. No, you're named after a dirty part of a truck.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gene: Where are we? Louise: I think it's a country club. Tina: It's like a huge miniature golf course! Gene: The windmills are going to be enormous!
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ticket seller: Oh, those kids are really getting it. I remember Hell Hunt. Still can't stand the sight of eggs. Won't eat 'em, won't touch 'em. Gene: What about a nice egg salad? Ticket seller: No more egg talk! Gene: Yes more egg talk! Ticket seller: Ahh! Gene: Eggs!
tv-bobsburgers	life	observation	general	0	Tina: If you think about it any box could have vibrators in it.
tv-bobsburgers	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Refrigerator groans] Bob: Tina?
tv-bobsburgers	food	tv-quote	general	0	Bob: [addressing a large pot] Duvall, is that you in there? Duval: [from the pot] No one's in this pot. Go away. I am the spaghetti.
