tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis is about to set a fly on fire using a lighter.] Butt-head: Light one up its butt.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis does so, then drops the burning insect in order to see it explode. Both of them are now laughing.] Butt-head: That was cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The pair both play air guitar, in celebration of their antic, until they see a frog.] Beavis: Look, dude! A frog! Beavis and Butt-head: FROG BASEBALL!! Butt-head: GET IT!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Butt-head constantly misses the frog with the bat.] Beavis: Strike One! Strike Two! Strike Thr... AAAARRGH!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Butt-head hits Beavis on the back of the head with the bat.] Butt-head: Ball. Huh huh.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Butt-head hits the frog with the baseball bat.] Butt-head: YES!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: That was cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The pair hum out Deep Purple's "Smoke on the Water" as a celebration for killing the frog. They soon see a poodle nearby.] Beavis: Look, Butt-head! Mrs. Higgins' poodle! Beavis and Butt-head: DOG BASEBALL!! Butt-head: GET IT!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis & Butt-Head going from door to door] Butt-Head: Er wanna save some mixed butts ?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Next] Beavis: Er,you like animals ? Woman: What ? What ? Just a minute. Shut up ! Shut up or I have to put your slipe! Now, what did you want ? Butt-Head: Er never mind ! Huh Huh
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[On the way to the next door] Beavis: No one is gonna sign this thing! Butt-Head: Yeah! huh huh! Petitions are stupid!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Next] Drunken man: What do you want ? Butt-Head: Huh Huh, check this out! We're givin away beer! Just sign here!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: Tattoos are cool. Beavis: Yeah yeah! I'm gonna get one! Butt-Head: You could have "I'm a puss" tattoo on your butt. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-Head!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Think she's a diver? Butt-Head: Ask your mom. Beavis: Choadsmoker.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sergeant: Seems you boys joined by assigning youselves a rank. So, which one of you signed up as "Major Woody" and "Private Parts?!" Why you little pinkos!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sergent: I can get you delayed entry, your own uniforms, grenades, and ammo. I can probably get you stationed over at Fort Dix. Butt-Head: Fort Dix? Is that anywere near fort nuts?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sergent: Has anybody in your familiy been in the service? Butt-Head: Uh, Beavis's dad was in the navy. Sergent: Is that so? Butt-Head: Yea he was a seaman.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: (over the drive thru speaker) Uh go away. Were like closed or something.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mr. Anderson leaves.] Butt-Head: This sucks. Beavis: Yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mr. Anderson is describing Beavis and Butt-Head to some police officers.] Mr. Anderson: One of 'em calls himself Butthole. The other one's name is Joe, I think. Police Officer: And what did these boys look like? Mr. Anderson: I believe they were oriental.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[after Beavis and Butt-Head flipping through the channel until the ad for the Death Truck on Pay-per View appears] Beavis: Yes! Order it, dude! Butt-Head: We can't. Huh huh. They locked us out after Steven Seagal Month. Beavis: That sucks!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: Hey, Beavis. I heard if you filled the room up with gas and light a match, all the oxygen disappears and you get a killer buzz!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis and Butt-Head: STEWART'S HOUSE!!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Hey! Spank your own monkey all you want, but keep your hands off of mine.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis, Butt-head: [in unison] Diarrhea, cha cha cha! Diarrhea, cha cha cha! Daria: Get a life.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head:go away, diarrhea! Both Beavis and Butt-Head: SATURDAY NIGHT!! Daria: Butt-head, why don't you try this experiment? Analyze the friction caused by digitally oscillating your weiner.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-head both laugh] Butt-head: That was cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Beavis' dad was in the Navy. Sgt. Dick Leaky: Is that right? Butt-head: Yeah. He was a seaman.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: [reading off the washing machine] Huh huh huh, it says 'load'.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis+Butt-head: [[singing to the tune of "Breaking the Law" by Judas Priest ] Washing the dog, washing the dog! Washing the dog!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: [placing the dog in a washing machine] It's a poodle, set it on "delicate".
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hea hea, I barfed on the dog. Butt-Head: Huh huh, I barfed on you.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Anderson: Now, I want you boys to prune both of these trees up front here and I, uh...
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-Head start to laugh.] Mr. Anderson: Hey, you boys look familiar. Aren't you the ones that ran off with my riding mower last week? Butt-Head: Uh...no.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-Head laugh.] Mr. Anderson: You the ones that painted my cat's butt? Butt-Head: No.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-Head laugh.] Mr. Anderson: Well, the cops'll get 'em. Luckily, I've got homeowner's insurance. Butt-Head: You've got what? Huh-huh, huh-huh, huh-huh. Mr. Anderson: Homeowner's insurance.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-Head laugh harder.] Mr. Anderson: Now, have you boys done any pruning before? Butt-Head: Yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-Head laugh.] Mr. Anderson: You know, back when I was your age, I'd work 14 hours a day pruning trees and still have time to come home and mow the lawn.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis starts picking his nose.] Mr. Anderson: I'll be back in a while to see how you're doing. Remember, it ain't what you cut, it's what you don't cut.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mr. Anderson walks away.] Butt-Head: What a dork. Beavis: Yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[Beavis and Butt-Head laugh.] [Mr. Anderson opens the fridge on his porch, grabs a beer, and shuts the door.] Mr. Anderson: Boy, oh, boy. What I wouldn't give for five minutes alone with those little bastards that took my mower.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey, Butt-head, do you think a man will ever land on Uranus? Butt-Head: Maybe on your anus.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-Head laugh. Mr. Anderson is still speechless.] Butt-Head: That was cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[They continue laughing.] [Beavis and Butt-Head are playing court in an open field next to the street, using a grasshopper as the defendant] Butt-Head: Huh, huh, this court is now in session. Beavis: I know you've been sworn sir, and I have read your complaint. Heh, heh.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: hey butthead, look what i found yesterday. Butt-head: WOAH, where'd ya find it? Beavis: Anderson's house.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pet store attendent: Will there be anythings else? Butt-Head: Do you have any dead animals?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dave: Now it's time for you boys to earn your keep. Look in the glove box. Butt-head: [opens the glove compartment and pulls out two condoms] Oh no, Dave's gonna boof us.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	"---- Butt-head: Mexico really sucks!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Van Driessen: Today, we're going to explore the world of haiku. Butt-head: We're gonna explore the world of getting high? Cool! Huh huh. Mr. Van Driessen: No, Butt-head. Not "high, cool". But, the ancient, Japanese, spare, haunting poetry called "haiku".
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: That was cool uh-uh, when we killed that frog, uh-uh. He won't croak again.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[both are hanging upsidedown from the movie sign with their pants down] Butt-head: [looking at Beavis' butt] Huh huh, your butt kinda looks like baloney. With pimples. Beavis: Hey! Why are you so interested in my butt!? Butt-head: Uh....have you heard that new Gwar album?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis is licking a toad, as some sort of remedy for his illness] Butt-head: I don't get it. It's supposed to pack an awesome buzz.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis spits out the toad] Beavis: Mmmmmm. Tastes like chicken.
tv-beavisbutthead	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[The pair go looking for the toad] Beavis and Butt-head: Here, toadie, toadie.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: And it is with utmost regret that I must report that our baby was stolen by gypsies in the night.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: You asswipe! I was trying to have a wet dream.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Uh...Hey Beavis. I got an idea. Beavis: Yeah, me too! Let's go over to Stewart's house and burn something. [holds up a lighter] Butt-head: No, dumbass. Let's become one of those 'stand-up chameleons' and get a bunch of money.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Here's another one. How do you keep a moron in suspense?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[long pause, Beavis stares intently] Butt-head: ....Uh...I dunno.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Member of Audience: You suck, get off! Butt-head: Uh, is that what she said?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Policeman: Oh no, not another elderly woman flying down the street. They never learn.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Old woman: What happened to my spectacles? Butt-head: Uh, your testicles?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Store clerk: Are you two gonna buy something or are you gonna stare all day? Butt-head: Uh, we're gonna stare all day.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: [reading an advertisement in a magazine] Uh Sunny Grove Nudist colo... cola.. naked people.
tv-beavisbutthead	nature	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Tornadoes are cool! They can drive matches through a 2x4!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: [fake accent] I'm Bunghead and he's Crevasse. Huh huh. We are foreign extra-strange students.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: [fake accent] He was aiming at us. Huh huh. Beavis: [fake accent] He didn't fire. Fire Fire Fire! Heh heh heh. Fire! Huh heh heh. Yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: Prison rules.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nurse: Well gentlemen, go to work.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis unzips his pants] Nurse:...On your tests. Beavis: ...oh. [zips back up]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Nurse: Where's your container? Beavis: I was supposed to use a container?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: He's fallen and he can't 'get it up'.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buzzcut: You are what you eat! You got three food groups, and they sure as hell ain't fries, Chips Ahoy, and Milk Duds! And you all wonder why your faces look like topographic maps of the Himalayas!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Buzzcut: Are you a man? Butt-head: Uhhh, yeah. Buzzcut: What makes you think so? Butt-head: Uhhh, I got testicles. Beavis: Heh, heh. Yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[Beavis suddenly drops the barbell on his throat, choking himself.] Buzzcut: You clowns think you're so damn funny! You say you're a man? Prove it! Butt-head: Uhhh....
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Butt-head flexes his arm, which falls limp.] Buzzcut: You want to see a man, boy? I'll show you a man! KICK ME IN THE JIMMY! Butt-head: Huh, huh. No way! Buzzcut: I said DO IT!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Butt-head kicks him in the nuts, Buzzcut strains] Buzzcut: Yyyyeesss! Do it again! Do it HARD!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Butt-head kicks him again, Buzzcut strains] Buzzcut: Yyyyeessss!! Butt-head: Whoa, that was cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Told ya dude. Huh huh. He wants you.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[For this, Beavis' face turns red and whacks Butt-head's face with an oar. A fight ensues until both boys fell off the canoe] Mr. Van Driessen: OK, Stew, let's pitch a tent.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-head laugh] Mr. Van Driessen: Grab a pole.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-head laugh] Mr. Van Driessen: Stick it in the hole, Stewart.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-head laugh] Mr. Van Driessen: OK, boys, lets erect this thing.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Todd consumes the nachos and drink before driving off] Todd [Whilst suffocating Butt-head]: What do you fuzz-nuts want?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: They're gonna lose.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Where's the bratwurst?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[being told about a character from a Swords and Sorcery game] Butt-head: Hey Beavis...I got a 'charmed long staff' [turns around, then turns back with dice up his nose]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: (On the phone with the Home Shoping network) Yea, I'd like to order one of those pubic zercroniums.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-head are dueling grasshoppers] Beavis: Your's is a wuss. Butt-head: Shut up Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: One family pack of chicken nuggets. Beavis: One large Cola.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	(tosses both at the ceiling fan, splattering it.) Buttt-Head: Would you like fries with that? Beavis: Yeah, yeah I will.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: Butt tattoos kick ass! Butt-head: And ass tattoos kick butt.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Voices are cool. I hear voices too. They tell me to do stuff like stay home from school, and watch TV, and, like, break stuff, and like... Butt-head: Whoa. Preach on, brother Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Student: [while discussing about Jurassic Park] ..and then he attacked the dude in his own car. Beavis: The dinosaur had a car? Butt-head: How else you think he's got there, dumbass? On a bike? Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Getting kicked in the nads by a cow sucks! Butt-head: Uh, That's not a real cow, dude. That's like a deer. Beavis: How did you know?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Hey Beavis. I heard if you tip a cow over while it's sleeping, cool stuff happens. Beavis: Really? Like what? Butt-head: Uh...it falls over? Beavis: Cool! We're there, dude!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Woah, check it out. Beavis: Heh, yeah. Stupid dog. Butt-head: Uh, I heard if you like, don't act scared, they won't attack you. Beavis: Heh, how do you do that?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The dog leaps and bites Beavis' leg] [talking to some other kids, referring to the dog bite] Butt-head: Huh huh, you wanna touch his bone? Beavis: Yeah, heh, touch it.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kid: Decent! Is it contagous? Butt-head: No. I disinsected it. [pours a sports drink onto the wound] Sports drinks have nutrients.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Hospital Receptionist: Can I help you? Butt-head: Uh, he's got like, rabies or something. Hospital Receptionist: I see. What's your name? Butt-head: Uh, last name is 'Munch'. First name is 'Rodney'. Beavis: Yeah, heh heh, yeah. Rod Munch.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	TV: The good news about rabies is that treating it no longer means a series of painful injections into the solar plexus. New vaccines require only 5 simple shots in the arm. Butt-head: Hey Beavis. How come that stupid doctor didn't know that? Beavis: Maybe he doesn't watch TV.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[switch to the Doctor, who is in a dark room wielding a needle] Doctor: Hahahaha! Rod Munch, huh? HAHAHAHA!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buzzcutt: Now, listen up people. I am not an unreasonable man, but I say that there's nothing wrong with you little monsters that can't be cured by a quick return to the days of CORPOREAL PUNISHMENT!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buzzcutt: Now, here to talk about your feelings is your new school psychiatrist, Dr. Floss.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Weight Lifter: You were supposed to be spotting me! Stickboy! Butt-Head: Uh... There you are. Uhuhuh Beavis: Yeah yeah, heh heh, I spotted you right over there. Weight Lifter: [lifts them up by the neck and growls] Beavis: [while choking] Heh heh hey, don't make me kick your ass.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The weight lifter throws them through the window] Butthead: ...Exercise sucks.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Huhuh, I can like, hear her butt!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Let's not use our real names. Beavis: Yea Butt-head: [on the phone] I'm Beavis and he's Butt-head.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-head are watching TV] TV Voice-over: We now return to Robert Yearing, Mellissa Gilbert, and Lou Ferigno in "Asbestos in Obstetrics." Beavis: Hey, Butt-head! What is Astesbos? Butt-head: Uhh... It's like, health food or something.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A blackout occurs, and people are looting around town] Butt-head: Are they having another one of those Midnight Madness sales? Beavis: Yeah. Yeah. WE'RE SLASHING PRICES! EVERYTHING MUST GO! Butt-Head: That was cool. We gotta find a place to watch tv. Beavis: Yeah, yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Two men come out of a broken store window with a tv.] Beavis: Hey, they've got one. Butt-Head: Yeah. (Yelling to the men offscreen) Hey, wait up, dude. Cop (offscreen): FREEZE POLICE! (Gunshot) Butt-Head: Uhh.. never mind.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mr. Van Driessen is directing traffic.] Mr. Van Driessen: That's right, everyone. If we all work together and respect one another's space, we'll get through this crisis with a newfound sense of community.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A truck driver is passing by.] Truck Driver: (to Mr. Van Driessen) Get out of the street, you longhaired panty-waist!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Van Driessen: (Directing traffic) I need to go coordinate the emergency shelter at the Y, but I can't move my post until I'm relieved. Butt-Head: Uhh... just go behind a building, dude. No one will see.
tv-beavisbutthead	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Mr. Stevenson, is that you? Mr. Steveson: Beavis, Butt-head, thank god! What happened? Tell me what happened! Butt-head: Our TV broke. Beavis: Can we watch it at your house?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mr. Stevenson groans] Mr. Van Driessen: Now, I'm going to close my eyes, and I want you to wow me. Butt-head: Uh...Is that allowed on school property?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: (as David Letterman) So we're going to go over our Top 10 List from our home office in Butt, Montana. (bounces pencil on table which goes flying right through Beavis (Paul Shaffer)'s glasses) Beavis: AGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHH! Butt-head: WHOA! That was cool!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butthead: We're gonna kick Letterman's butt.
tv-beavisbutthead	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: So like, in heaven, will all the chicks do anything I want? St. Peter: No. Beavis: That sucks. Do I get X-Ray Vision? Can I get some nachos? St. Peter: No. Beavis: Are you sure this is heaven?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: What do you know, asswipe? St. Peter: I know everything, buttmunch.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Beavis is not dog food. He's worm food.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tom Anderson: You know, when a man builds a new swimming pool, there's some things he just can't do by himself. Butt-head: Beavis does things by himself.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Butt-head: [referring to a nude male statue's penis] Huh, huh...it's hard, but it's not, like, hard? Mr. Van Driessen: Very good, Butt-head!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Van Driessen: Now, works by the master painters of the centuries!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-head break into laughter. Daria enters] Daria: He said master painters!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Daria exits] Butt-head: Oh! Beavis: Yeah, master painting is cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: What did you bring back, Butt-head? Butt-head: One huge boob. [shows Beavis] What did you bring back?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis shows Butt-head a picture of something flesh colored] Butt-head: Uh, what is it? Beavis: Heh heh. It's a butt.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I can't get out. I'm, like, stuck. Huh huh. Beavis: Really, heh heh. That's cool. Butt-head: It's not cool, Beavis. I'm not sure yet, but I think it sucks.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Tit-le-ist!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Beavis, your balls are filthy. Go to the ball washer, now!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Beavis starts pumping ball washer) Golf Instructor: "You're pulling your head on every stroke."
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	(They laugh; Beavis pumps washer faster) Golf Instructor: "Let me see your bag."
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	(They laugh; Beavis pumps washer even faster) Golf Instructor: "Here, take your wood and try using a different grip on the shaft."
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	(They laugh) Butt-head: Hey, Beavis. We could get rich doing this. We need to get more balls. Beavis: [laughs] You've got to hear what you just said, Butt-head. You said heh, "we need to get more balls." Butt-head: Huh huh huh, oh yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Anderson: Wait a minute! These balls look kinda familiar. Butt-head: Uh, many balls look the same, sir. Beavis: Yeah, I have two that are identical.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Orthodontist: Well, Butt-head, we're not seeing a lot of progress here. Have you been wearing your rubber bands and headgear at night? Butt-head: Huh huh huh, headgear.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Optometrist: Now what do you see [points to vision test board] Beavis: Ummm. Uh, the alphabet. Heh Heh.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	quip	general	0	Optometrist: You're not leaving until you get one right.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Points to the letter "O" Beavis: Oh, that's a letter right?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Young Woman: (Thinking) Please dont let them sit over here. Please don't let them sit over here. Please, god, don't let them sit over here. Butt-Head: Hey Beavis, let's sit over there.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: Hey baby. You got any cavities?
tv-beavisbutthead	family	tv-quote	general	0	Stewart: I, sometimes I wet the bed. Isn't it, like, normal? What happened if I get married? Beavis: Is this, is this, uh..... Hey Stewart! Stewart: (embarrassed) Oh no. Beavis: Stewart, what a weiner! Heh heh heh!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Stewart's face turns red in humiliation) Beavis: (sing-song) Stewart wets his bed, da-na! Stewart: (humiliated) Oh God!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Stewart quickly hung up) Beavis: (sing-song) Stewart wets his bed, da-na! Heh heh heh!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh... I've got a crisis... In my pants.
tv-beavisbutthead	food	tv-quote	general	0	Stewart's Mom: Have you boys eaten breakfast? Beavis: ....I think I did once.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Principal McVicker: I don't know what you're thinking, but I simply cannot have students roaming the halls, interrupting other classes, and giving prophecies of a great plague.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: DO NOT MAKE MY BUNGHOLE ANGRY!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Burger World Manager: [counting money] fifty, sixty, sixty five- Butt-head: Twelve. Burger World Manager: Shut up. [counts in the background] Beavis: One! Twenty-five cents. Butt-head: Uh, Sixty-nine. Beavis: Number two. Burger World Manager: Eighty three, eighty four, SHUT UP.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: I didn't do it! I didn't do it! It was like...some foreigner.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Beavis, you suck as a liar. Beavis: Heh, yeah, liar. LIAR! Liar, liar, pants on-...heh! Woah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis is still in the waiting room] Beavis: I didn't do it, bunghole! Heh heh.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The detector dings 'true' and Beavis takes a deep breath and holds it] News Reporter: When asked how a teenage boy could have commited a crime that happened more than 2 decades ago, a police spokesman explained, quote, "He's very clever".
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[In a kindergarten class] Butt-head: Hey Beavis. These chicks are flat.
tv-beavisbutthead	family	tv-quote	general	0	[The kindergarten class are read a book by their teacher]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kindergarden Teacher: Butt-head, are you angry? Butt-head: I'm, like, angry at numbers. Beavis: There's like, too many of 'em and stuff.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Both are taken to the principal's office by the kindergarten teacher] Kindergarten Teacher [To the principal]: Get these two imbeciles out my class, or find yourself a new kindergarten teacher!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: [holding an empty garbage can] Now remember the rules, Beavis. I throw it at you, then you throw it at me. Beavis: Um, I don't get it. How do you win? [is hit in the head with the can, and falls over] Butt-head: [laughs] That was cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: What do we do now? Butt-head: Uh...we could do homework.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[both get up and leave] Stewart: [not realizing they have left] We could go to my house. I have this awesome new video game.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	repeated line Beavis: Damn, we're/you're smooth.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: [choking] Beavis? Beavis: Yea Butt-Head? Butt-head: I'm..[gasps]..I'm.. [gasps again] I'm Beavis: Agh, I hate this stupid game. [Butt-Head grabs Beavis's throat] AGH AHG!. Uhh choking, your choking?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head knods and points to the box of chicken nuggets on the couch. Beavis: Uh chicken? Your choking your chicken?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head knods Bevis: So what do you want me to do about it?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: [choking] Beavis! Beavis! I'm choking! Beavis: Yeah, so. What do you want me to do about it? Butt-head: Call 911! Beavis: Why don't you call? You're closer. Butt-head: You're closer, dumb-ass. Beavis: Oh, yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	quip	general	0	911 Operator: What's the emergency, sir?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Boy's playing basketball: (to a boy taking a foul shot) CHOKE, CHOKE, CHOKE, CHOKE, CHOKE,CHOKE Beavis: (joining in) Yea, Yea, CHOKE!, CHOKE!!! (remeberring Butt-Head is choking) Uhh... nachos, yea nachos.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Todd: Get the door, you turds. And remember: act dumb. Oh, and bring some of those marshmallow crackers next time, or I'll stomp a mudhole in your ass!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The boys look at the two police officers at their doorstep via the peephole] Butt-head: Whoa. Todd's even cooler than we thought.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[Butt-head opens the door] Police Officer #1: We're looking for a person named Todd. Beavis: Uh, he's not here. Uh huh huh. Police Officer #1: That's not what I heard from. Butt-head: Uh, sirs. I'm afraid I have to kick your ass. Huh huh. Beavis: And I will kick you in the nads.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[The police officers drag the boys out of the door and arrested them] Butt-head: Ow! Cut it out! Don't make me kick your ass! Beavis: Don't make me kick you in the nads!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butthead: Huh huh....Number 1... Beavis: Yea yea yea...tinkle tinkle tinkle! Stewart: Socko's great. Butt-head: Uh,huh,huh,huh... Socko has a hand up his butt. Beavis: Heh,heh,heh,heh, yeah,heh,heh,heh.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head [whilst sat on the photocopier]: Would you like a copy of my butt?
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Do have any big dogs? Zookeeper: Wild animals only. Butt-head: Uh, do have any woodpeckers? Huh huh huh. Woodpeckers.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Furiously, the shopper slapped the security guard in the face] Female shopper: Ugh! White trash, lousy officer, piece of... [sighs in disgust and walks away]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The security guard began to laugh stupidly as Beavis and Butt-head laughs with him] Butt-head: Security is cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Hey, we could do that so that we could get bigger thingies. Beavis: [looks down his shirt] Mine are big enough already. Heh, it's not worth the risk. Butt-head: Not bigger boobs, dumbass, like we could get bigger wieners.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: We're gonna need bigger hands.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Butt-head: Dammit Beavis, put that away. You're not supposed to have your penis out while you're cooking. Beavis: Oh...oh yeah. [angry customer drives away] Butt-head: Err, can I take your order?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uhh...what seems to be the problem there, Beavis? Beavis: My thingie itches. It's like the wrong color or something...check it out. Butt-head: Uhh...no thanks, Beavis. Beavis: (continuing to scratch his pubic area) Ow, rrr, ehh! Ahh!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Butt-head: Face it Beavis, you have a problem with your penis. Maybe you should wash it or something. Beavis:Yeah, I'll just...wait, with water? No way, then it'll get all wet. Butt-head: Life is hard, Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: Stewart's dad's dirty magazines. Butt-head: We've torn out all the pages with butts on them, but there's still plenty of good boobs left.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head Beavis, I have seen the top of the mountain, and it is good.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bum: (to Butt-head) Do you have any spokisus?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Next to the entrance] Butt-Head: Uhhh... uhhh... Buzzcut: Get out there before I drag you out!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-Head get outside] Girl: Hey, look, it's Beavis and Butt-head!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Animal shelter worker: You do know what a dog like this eats? Butt-Head: Uhh...garbage.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Animal shelter worker: If your dog goes to the bathroom in the house, what do you do? Beavis: (Fending off the dog in the backround) Rub his nose in it. Butt-head: Uhh...I'd kick his ass. Beavis: Rub his nose in it, then kick his ass.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	TV voiceover: You're watching PBS. Butt-head: He said "BS". Beavis: But first he said "P".
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Both look in amazement at the documentary, and the lightning outside] Butt-head: Get the kite, Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	[Beavis dreams that he's on Kung Fu] Beavis: But master, does not the fire needs water too? Does not the mountain needs the storm? Does not your scrotum needs kicking?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Butt-head dreams that he's on Star Trek: The Next Generation] Butthead: Number 1, I order you to take a Number Two. Beavis: Aye-aye, Captain.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Butt-head dreams he's on The Oprah Winfrey Show, surrounded by women, with the headline "Butt-head: Sleeps With Chicks"] Oprah: Butt-head, you've slept with over 5,000 women. How do you explain the attraction to you? Butt-head: Uh...just look at me!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buzzcut: All right, losers: remember, you're competing against other classes, and I'll be damned if my class is gonna lose!
tv-beavisbutthead	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh, our school's making us sell candy. Beavis:Yeah, we're losers. Mr. Anderson: What in the hell kind of sales approach is that? You boys couldn't sell a dollar for 50 cents.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Hey let's like, draw more people getting killed. That way we can make a total massacre. Beavis: Yeah, MASSACRE! MASSACRE!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: So like, in animation you have to draw tons of dead people just to end up with two dead people?! Butt-head: Animation sucks!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Woman in store: [to her pregnant friend] Girl, I can't believe you went and got yourself pregnant. Beavis: You can get yourself pregnant?! AAAAAAAGGGGGHHHH! [takes pregnancy test from woman] Gimme one of those!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: What's up with you, Beavis? You look like you're pregnant. Beavis: AAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGHHHHHHH!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: The chick said it changes colour if your pregnant so, [reads French instructions] Esay la Peesee la Pregwa... Okay [tries sticking the test tube in his belly button] Maybe it goes in here...
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[afterwards] Beavis: [mutters] It better not change color. [whizzes in pregnancy test tube] It turned yellow! AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!! NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
tv-beavisbutthead	health-body	tv-quote	general	0	Woman On TV: It couldn't be morning sickness. What about these cravings? Oh my God! I better NOT be PREGNANT!! Jake! Get me some nachos!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: This music sucks! Butt-head: Yeah... I wonder when the bride chick's gonna be here...
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Screaming rules!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tom Anderson has dialed for Police.] Mr. Anderson: Hello police. This here is Tom Anderson, 4120 Woodrow Court. There's two hoodlums who came by my doorstep and started screaming bloody murder. Hell, I don't know if they're armed.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	pun	general	0	Bum: What's the best city in the world? Generocity!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-head are walking, until they see a woman stood outside a beatnik club.] Butt-Head: Whoa, check it out. Beavis: Yeah. Female beatnik: "Your touch me, I shiver Your tongue, I quiver My loins, my liver I, the taker; you, the giver"
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Whoa. I've got something to give her. Beavis: Yeah. Female beatnik: Did you like my poem? Butt-Head: Uh...your what? Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Your loins, your liver! Female beatnik: There's plenty more inside. Butt-Head: Cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-Head laugh as they step inside.] [Beavis and Butt-Head are watching a beatnik perform on stage.] Omar: "And then, my friend, you die. [louder] And then, my friend, you die, man! And then... [gasps] ...my friend."
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[scattered applause] Butt-Head: Groove with me, people. [chuckles] This is gonna be cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[audience groans] Butt-Head: And then, my friend, you die. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! You die! [pounds table] Butt-Head: That was cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Van Driessen: Being in the captivity of nature without women is the perfect way to wrestle with your manhood. Butt-head: Beavis wrestles with his manhood. Beavis: Yeah, heh, I usually win.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: [bangs the drum] This sucks. [bangs it again] Uh....this sucks. [bangs it some more] This sucks.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Van Driessen: Now Beavis, try and get in touch with your inner male. Beavis: Heheh, no way! Not with a bunch of dudes watching!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: Whoa, the cops are here. Maybe they're gonna shoot somebody.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The two head to the back of the gas station to break the bottle, but they soon see a tyre] Butt-head: Whoa! Poop Poop. That's the biggest tire I ever saw.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis' ride in the tire causes not only a car crash, but also makes Todd spill a small drop of beer onto his jeans] Todd: Aw, Dammit! My good jeans.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[Beavis then hits a car on cinder blocks,owned by a redneck couple, killing the man underneath. Butt-head soon follows up] Redneck Woman: HEY! IF YOU STEP ON MY PROPERTY AGAIN, I'LL SHOOT YOUR ASS!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[Todd arrives at the parking lot where he is about to attack Beavis for making him spill beer on his jeans.] Todd: You pre-schoolers are dead! You made me spill beer all over my jeans! Butt-head: Do you want me to kick Beavis' ass for you? Todd: That won't be necessary, man.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Spelling: Butt-head, perhaps you see a part of yourself in Michael. Butt-head: Yeah, my butt. Spelling: And Beavis, is that what you feel? Butt-head: Beavis feels himself. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head! Heh, I'll kick your ass!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: [thinking] You will get the chick across from you. You will see her thingies. It is going to be cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: I was like, AGHH!! MY LEG!! Uh I mean, AGHH!! MY NECK!!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Girl 2: We'll take you for a ride.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Buzzcut: For today's positive activity you're gonna wash my wagoneer! Patsy: Umm, that's not what my dad said we're gonna do. Mr. Buzzcut: Your dad's not here, boy! And for the tenth time, if you don't shut up, I'm gonna positively kill you!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: Heh heh heh heh, "wood." Beavis: Heh heh, "boner!"
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head:[About the place where the guy killed his brother]It was your idea in the first place, buttknocker. Beavis:Hey don't call me "buttknocker" butt-head.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis:[To a criminal about butt-head]He keeps calling me "buttknocker" & he won't stop & IT PISSE ME OFF!!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Later... Butt-head:[Pointing to beavis]There he is,The buttknocker in the middle.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Tommy, the student who's consumed the Spanish Fly, has got a scared Beavis in a wrestling position] Beavis: AHHHHHHHHHH!!! HE'S GOT A BONER!!!! Butt-head: Kick him in the nads, Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis delivers a low blow to Tommy] Buzzcut [Whilst tending to Tommy]: Beavis, get back here! Beavis: Let's get outta here before he screws us all!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Van Driessen: I think YOU'RE sexually harassing Kimberly. Beavis: No way! Chicks can't get stiffies!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: Let's write big butt on the chalkboard.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-head are about to deface the blackboard when they see the words, "FIELD TRIP TODAY"] Butt-head: Wait, it's trying to tell us something. [Begins to read] "Feel"..."Tit"...err..."Tripe"..."Todd"...
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Suddenly...] Beavis and Butt-head [running out of school to the bus]: Stop the bus! Dammit, stop the bus! Butt-head: Whoa! That was close! Beavis [to Van Driessen]: Yeah, next time tell us, butthole.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: I've got a rock formation in my pants.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Van Driessen has got his guitar ready and asks the students for song requests] Dean: Like, 99 Bottles of Beer on the Wall? Van Driessen: Good, Dean. But beer and driving don't mix. How about 99 Bottles of Tea on the Wall. Or we could try some other arrangement.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cars behind the bus are honking their horns. Van Driessen: Hey, why's everybody honking? Beavis [Whilst mooning at other cars]: Peek-a-boo!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After Van Driessen flies through the bus's windshield and off a cliff] Butt-head: Whoa! That was cool! Beavis: Yeah!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Some day, we're gonna have wheels just like Todd. Beavis: Yeah, then we can, like, drive chicks to school. Butt-head: You dumbass! If we ever get a car and chicks, we're not going anywhere near a school.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bill: You are going to pay for this Anderson
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Mr. Anderson: Like hell I am, you're the one who told me to rent from Morgan's. Now, get the hell off my property you son of a bitch! And if I ever see that damn dog of yours peeing on my lawn again, I'm gonna shoot both of you!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: My report, is on the time, me and Butt-Head had like, dinner and stuff. Mr. Van Driessen: Now Beavis, what does that have to do with American hist - Beavis: [angrily] Shut up, I'm not done yet!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Van Driessen: Now Butt-Head, please make your report about a figure in American history. Butt-Head: Uhh. Okay. Uhh, my report is, uhh, my report is about the time I kicked Beavis in the nads and he was, like, passed out all day.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	quip	general	0	Insert speaker's name:=== Feel a Cop ===
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	'Butt-:Head':::Insert speaker's name:::Insert speaker's name:yuiy78yhhiffuygyg::: huh-huh-huh. me sohorny
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis and Butt-head walk up to a female police officer who is posing as a prostitute. Butt-head: Hey baby... So like how much. Officer: Fifty Butt-head: Cool, Beavis, do you have fifty cents?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Cops are listening in on Beavis and Butt-head from a van outside. Beavis: (on the radio) Wow Butt-head check out the size of that rubber. Cop: Come on make a spacific offer for sex. Butt-head: (on the radio) That's a shower cap dumbass.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-head are watching Mr. Van Driessen and his girlfriend through the window] Butt-head: Grab his schlong!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I'll trade you for these diapers. You can poop in them. Butt-Head: You're not suppose to touch him, Beavis. It's like against the law or something...
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stewart's Mom: It's not like Stewart to miss lunch! Beavis: I bet. He's fat.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Maybe he has diarrhea. Stewart's Mom: [crying] He does NOT have diarrhea. I'm his mother, I would know if he had diarrhea.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Stewart's Mom: My poor Stewart! What could have happened to him? Beavis: um...Maybe somebody killed him and burried him in a shallow grave. [Stewart's mom sobs louder] Um...what's the matter?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head [reading the phone book] Uhm... Sa-Sachz.... Ha...rry... Hairy Sack [Laughs] Beavis HAIRY SACK! [Laughs]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harry [answering his phone] um...Hello...? Beavis uh...uh...YOU SUCK! [toilet flushes]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Harry [answering the phone] Yeah? [Butt-Head manages to do number two whilst on the phone]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[toilet flushes] Beavis [in the background]: It's Harry Sachz!!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Butt-head hangs up, then Harry Sachz does and breaks his pencil while laughing] [Stewart is playing a video game in the living room, when his mother brings him cookies.] Mrs. Stevenson: Care for some cookies, Stewart? Stewart: All right! Thanks, Mom.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Harry lunges at Mr. Stevenson and pulls him by the ankles.] Mr. Stevenson: Hey, this is between you and Stewart. Get him! Ahh! Please!
tv-beavisbutthead	food	tv-quote	general	0	Customer: I want a bacon cheeseburger with extra mayo, a want a large chocolate shake, two orders of onion rings, an apple pie, and a diet cola. Beavis: You said 'pie.' That's funny, right?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The pair arrive at Mr. Anderson's yard sale] Mr. Anderson: I can get you a real good deal on that bushwhacker. [Beavis and Butt-head start laughing] Butt-head: Bush. Beavis: Whacker.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The pair receive a letter that's supposed to be for their parents] Beavis: Maybe we can suggest that school sucks. SUCKS! SUCKS! Butt-head: Or maybe we can suggest that we can get a teacher that's cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mr. Van Driessen: Okay, class. I'm very disappointed with your test scores. Butt-head: We scored.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Mr. Anderson has just given the pair a shopping list] Butt-head: Would you like some toilet paper? Beavis [in the style of Cornholio]: TP, for your bunghole!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	At Burger World Butt-head: [eating a burger] Huh huh huh. Hey, Beavis, how's that new soda? Beavis: Mmm, mh heh, it's pretty good.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Immigration Officer: Hey, you! ¿Habla español? Cornholio: Español? Es-bunghole!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cornholio: You must feed the almighty bunghole!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Officer: I'm with immigration, and if you don't show me some proof of residency I'm gonna have to take you with Cornholio: You can take me, but you cannot take my bunghole!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Cornholio: [arriving Mexico] Aaahh, is this Nicaragua? I will take this land for my bunghole! Long live the almighty bunghole! Cornholio: [going to Mexico] I'm the great Cornholio. There will be TP for everyman. No man should be without TP.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The family living there just arrives their house.] Family guy: God, it's good to be back home huh again? What a trip! Beavis: Hey Butt-head, they weren't even home. Butt-head: That sucks!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Butt-head goes out and rings the door bell.] Beavis: Who do that? Hello, dammit! Nobody here, dammit! Bunghole! Ooh yeah, that worked pretty good, yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butthead: [trying to pronounce "symptoms"] Sym-sym-Simpsons? Uh, they're pretty cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[after Butt-head tosses a baby bird into the air] Beavis: Hey, Butt-head, you "flipped the bird." heh heh.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: [in Cornholio's voice] Do you have any tsetse flies? Hehe. Teetsie!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Nurse: Here's a prescription for some special shampoo and cream for skin irritation. Butt-head: [laughs] She said foreskin. Beavis: Yeah. Foreskin irritation.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Butt-head: Welcome to the future: here is your free porn.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis [upon noticing that he's got a nosebleed]: No! I'm bleeding! I'm bleeding!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butthead [with the string tied to the door and to Beavis's stomach] (laughs and closes the door) Beavis AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! [Blood goes all over the room]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head goes up to a woman coming out of a gas station rest-room. Butt-head: So here's a quarter. Could you like get one of those things, you put in your thing, when you got your thing.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Woman punches Butt-head. Butt-head: Beware the long arm of Butt-head. Beavis: Beware the long wiener of Beavis!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Some day I'd like to be like that. Ya know, a kid finds a dead bird, ya give him 20 bucks for it. Now that's cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey Butt-head, I don't know why, but this is giving me a stiffy. Butt-head: Uhhhh, maybe that's why they call it 'woodshop'.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: [Handing Beavis's severed finger to the nurse] Hey Beavis. I'm giving her the finger.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[After seeing a commercial about a book 'Seize the Power'] Butt-head: Hey Beavis....seize my weiner.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buzzcut: Beavis! Beavis: AAAAH! [Scared] Buzzcut: DAMMIT YOU WILL LISTEN WHEN I'M TALKIN'!!! Beavis: No way! I'm sick of school and I'm sick of you! Buzzcut: WHAT?!?! YOU GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE!!! I'LL SEE YOU IN DETENTION!!! Beavis: OK, cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: Now we need to get some of that bug spray. Beavis: Bug spray? Butt-Head: Yeah, when it lands on the garbage, we'll like, spray poison on it, then it's gonna puke all over itself and die!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: (pulling trash can into house) So, all we need to do is... (turns around and sees Beavis taking a dump in the living room) UHHHH! BEAVIS, WHAT THE HELL ARE DOING!? Beavis: (getting up) You said flies like to eat garbage and crap.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Look, Butt-Head. (pulls out the hedgetrimmer) Say hello to my little friend!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Burger World Manager: You don't get workers compensation for fighting, it has to be an accident. Beavis: You mean we, like, need to poop in our pants?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Todd: So, Beaver... Beavis: The name's Beavis, sir. Todd: Well excuse me, Beaver.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mrs. Steveson: Now dear, don't you think you should go to work today? Butt-head: Uh, no. [rubs her arm]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Todd: Now get in there and get me some smokes. Beavis: Are you sure I should be doing this? Todd: What did you say? Beavis: I said are you
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[Todd revs the car so the rest of the words aren't heard] Todd: Listen squirt, you better get in there and get me some smokes before today's lesson turns into Ass-kicking 101.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Store Owner: Well hey there Master Cleaver, aren't you supposed to be in school? Beavis: Well, I guess so, b-but all I know is I'm sposed to come in here and buy some cigarettes. Store Owner: Hey, you wouldn't be buying these for Eddy now would ya? Beavis: ...Gee, how'd you know?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Woah. What happened, uh, son? Todd: It seems that little Beaver here ran afoul of some asphalt. Butt-head: Uh huh huh....asphalt.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mrs. Stevenson: Aren't you being a little hard on the Beavis? Butt-head: Huh huh huh, hard. Huhuhuhuh, on.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Uh, is this the hostipal? Guy:Can I help you? Butt-head: You can tell me if this is a damn hostipal. Guy: Yes, and what's your problem? Butt-head: [looks at Beavis] He's the one with the problem. Look at him. Beavis: [scared] My butt HURTS!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Guy: We got a crispy critter! [Beavis whimpering] Butt-head: [chuckling] "Crispy critter".
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: [horrified and panicking] I'LL NEVER POOP AGAIN!!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Butt-Head as Paul Revere riding into town] Butt-Head: Uhh, the Yiddish are coming! The Yiddish are coming!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	The phone begins to ring. Beavis: Um, hey, Butt-head, I think the phone is ringing. Butt-head: Yeah, well make it stop.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis goes to the phone and answers it. Beavis: Um...who are you? McVicker's secretary: This is Highland High calling. We're trying to figure out why Beavis and Butt-head haven't been in school for the past three weeks. Beavis: Oh. Um...yeah, they're dead.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Principal McVicker struggles with Beavis and Butthead. He then sees the memories of the boys' antics and soon has a heart attack] Beavis: Whoa! A dead body! Check it out! Coach Buzzcut: Give the man some air! He's not dead yet!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[more reactions from the girls in the theater] Butt-head: How come everyone whispers in these movies? Beavis: They're probably embarrassed. What do you think? Girls: Shhh! Shut up! 'Beavis: Oh sorry. Sorry.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: [infected with a string of diseases] Being a werewolf hurts my bones...
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[after Beavis has sniffed an onion] Butt-head: Whoa! You're crying! Beavis: What, no I'm not! Butt-head: You're crying like a girl! Beavis: No way! I am not! Dammit! Butt-head: You're moved. Beavis: I am not moved! Shut up! I don't know what it is. Butt-head: This is amazing!
tv-beavisbutthead	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Woman on Phone: How do you turn on the frickin' Auto-Complete feature because every time I try to sign on to the frickin' Internet Beavis: (working for tech-support) Heh... do you have any matches? Try setting it on.... fffffffire!
tv-beavisbutthead	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: (working for tech-support) Uhh, ma'am, can you say trackball again? Woman: Track...ball...
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Whoa! Are these video games? Beavis: Cool! Me first! Me first!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis Hey Butt-Head...These sheets smell funny Butt-Head uh-huh-huh-huh, These are my special monkey-sheets
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Tom Anderson: Now what in the hell are you two boys supposed to be? Beavis: I'm a nad. Butt-head: I'm a dumbass. Check it out. Uh huh huh huh. Uh huh huh. Uhuhuhuhuhuh.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[telephone rings] Tom Anderson: Now hold on just a second. [picks up phone] Well John Thomas! How long's it been? You still got Dick's number?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: That's how we roll through the Century 21 Branch Office. Beavis: Biatch! Yeah, take that! Their walls aren't clean now!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, check it out! It's Paula Abdula! Butt-head: Yeah. This is like, every outfit she's ever had in a video. Beavis: Oh yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: I've had enough of this crap. I'm gonna go to the kitchen. [leaves again] Butt-head: Hey Beavis, get back in here! I just saw something cool! Whoa, Beavis, get back in her! Her pants are hiked up her butt! Beavis: Where? Where?! Butt-head: Dumbass!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: That drummer is old. Butthead: Shut up, fart knocker, he's cool!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Dirty deeds and they're done dirt cheap! Butthead: Sing it Beavis!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butthead: Hey Beavis, you ever done a dirty deed? Beavis: Yeah. I spanked my monkey one time.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butthead: THese guys always wear the same clothes. That's cool. Hey, we always wear the same clothes! I've had this shirt on for six months! Beavis: I've had this on for seven months.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Wait a minute! What's this? This sucks! Beavis: Yeah, it sucks!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Who's this? Beavis: Yeah! Butt-head: What's this buttmunch doing on a stage?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: You got a backstage pass, sir? Beavis: Yeah! [Imitates the lead singer's German accent]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Where did this guy come from? Beavis: Yeah. Maybe he's just special. Butt-head: Yeah!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Look! It's Krokus coming to kick their ass. It's The Night of the Living Bands That Suck.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This is cool. Beavis: Yeah. It rules. It rules. IT RULES!!! Butt-head: Right on, Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: These guys are cool. Beavis: Yeah. It kicks butt! It kicks ass! It kicks ass! Butt-head: Rock on, Beavis. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Rock!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uhh! Beavis: Ahh! Butt-head: Whoa, his eyes are sewn shut. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! He must have seen something so horrible, like, his eyeballs melted. Butt-head: Maybe he saw that Winger video. Beavis: Yeah, yeah!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Tori Amos: I wanna spit in their faces... Butt-head: She's gonna spit on someone? Beavis: Yeah! Go for it! Butt-head: That would be pretty cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Tori Amos: I got a bowling ball in my stomach, I got a desert in my mouth... Butt-head: Is that Dave Mustaine? Beavis: Yeah. [imitating Dave Mustaine] I'VE GOT A BOWLING BALL IN MY STOMACH, I GOT A DESERT IN MY MOUTH! Butt-head: That was pretty good, Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Is this like, a commercial for VH1? Beavis: Yeah. "The difference between you and your parents". Butt-head: That's stupid.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: The army kicks ass. Beavis: Yeah, yeah. Is Anthrax in the army? Butt-head: Uh, I think that Scott dude is in the army. Beavis: Yeah, he has a regulation cut. Like Major Dan. Butt-head: Yeah: "Today's army rocks".
tv-beavisbutthead	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: Yes, bombs! Hey Butt-head, wouldn't that be cool if like, one day we were like, going to school and a bunch of planes dropped a bunch of bombs? Butt-head: You dumbass. Bombs would like, hurt and stuff. It's only cool when they drop 'em on CNN.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Is this Wilson Phillips? Butt-head: Yeah. This is back when they were cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Singing along with group] Beavis: I'm your Beavis! Butt-head: I'm your Venus...um, hey Beavis, what rhymes with "Venus"? Beavis: Um...um...venus...Venus Flytrap.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: These chicks should marry GWAR. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! That would be cool! Butt-head: They would have offspring that would be the coolest people ever lived. Beavis: Yeah! And they would rule Antarctica. Butt-head: They would rule the entire world.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A singer is dressed in a leather devil costume] Butt-head: Whoa! Satan's got back!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Phil Collins is seen playing the drums] Butt-head: What a dork! Beavis: Yeah, yeah, really!
tv-beavisbutthead	society	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Oh, I know what this is! This is one of those things where a bunch of rich people get together and ask for money. Beavis: Yeah, yeah, it's one of those things.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I heard these girls bang elves. Hey Beavis, would you bangle her? Beavis: Yeah!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: See, see right here during this part, they should be playing some like, uh, some old timey piano music, you know. :[Imitates music]
tv-beavisbutthead	family	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: His kid's probably like "uh... where's daddy with my birthday presents?" He's drunk at the mall again, flailing around on the escalator.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Yeah, yeah, yeah, the Beastie Boys! Yeah! Alright! Butt-head: Yeah. It's about time. Beavis: HELL YEAH! HELL YEAH!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Yes! Beavis: Yeah, yeah, here it is! Butt-head: It's about time! Beavis: It's on, Butt-head, it's on! Butt-head: Okay, Beavis, now shut up! Beavis: Okay. I'm just gonna shut my mouth and watch. [hums the main riff]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	["The Chief" kicks through a steel gate] Beavis: YEAH!!! Check this part out. Yeah, they're gonna kick some ass now! Butt-head: Beavis, you said you were gonna shut up. Beavis: Oh sorry. I'm just gonna shut up and listen. [Cochese kicks a concrete wall] Yeah, yeah, kick it!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[two of the cops are dressed as a chef and a bellhop] Beavis: Whoa, check this out! See, he's coming in, he's delivering room service... Butt-head: [interrupting] Dammit Beavis! [slaps Beavis] Beavis: Oh, sorry. Yeah, I forgot. Yeah, this is exciting! Yeah, yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: Whoa, what's that noise? Butt-head: It's Satan, dumbass. [imitates warbled tape] Beavis: Yeah, heh, that's cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Beck: Tonight the city is full of morgues... Butt-head: Tonight, the city's full of whores? Beavis: I wish our city was full of whores. That'd be pretty cool. Butt-head: Uh...yeah, I guess that would be pretty cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beck is wearing a shirt that says "Rock Me"] Butt-head: Check it out Beavis, his shirt says "Kick me". Beavis: Maybe someone will kick him in the nads. Butt-head: That would be cool. Beavis: Yeah, kick him.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	[seeing a policeman run into a house] Beavis: Ten Six Niner, Ten Six Niner, we got whores in the city! We need back up now! Come on!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Whoa! Is this the Black Crowes? Beavis: Yeah! Butt-head: Wait a minute, this isn't Black Crowes. This is cool. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! These guys are cool!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Hey Beavis, who are these guys? Beavis: Uhhhhh, ummmm, I think they just went on tour with Anthrax and White Zombie. Butt-head: Oh yeah. They're cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Whoa! That dude can scream for a long time. Beavis: No way, that's nothing! Check this out. [Beavis screams without stopping for the remainder of the video] Butt-head: Shut up!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh...this is boring. Beavis: Yeah, really! It's boring enough to watch this, and then they're bored doing it; maybe next time, they'll learn to rock!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Biz Markie is dressed as Mozart and playing the harpsichord] Butt-head: He's dressed up like that dude on the dollar.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Hey Beavis, I'm gonna get me one of those gold chains to put around my neck Beavis: Me too. Butt-head: I would look pretty cool, huh?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Butt-head, do you think I could make some like money if I acted like a weird chick. Butt-head: I think you have to be like from England or something. Beavis: Dammit.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Whoa, she's grabbing her crotch! Beavis: Oh yeah. Butt-head, I though chicks didn't have a crotch. Butt-head: No, dumbass. You're thinking of nads Beavis: No, I'm thinking of the crotch actually. But, some girls have a crotch? I'll be damned.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: Whoa! Check out that chick's panties! Butt-head: Damn it, Beavis! Don't talk to me when a chick's panties are on TV. It's like...you mess up my mind, and I can't see the panties right.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, that guy's touching his wiener!!! Butt-head: So? You are too! Beavis: Yeah! Oh, oh yeah! But that's different. Butt-head: What's different about it? Beavis: Um, it's a different wiener! Butt-head: Yeah, it's probably bigger too.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This is a happy little tune. Beavis: Can you change the channel, Butt-head?
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: How come all these dudes have to put an ice cream truck in their video? Beavis: I don't know. I guess it's like...whoa, whoa, slap him!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Man in video: Michael, are you crazy? Butt-head: Uh, Michael who? Beavis: Michael Jackson?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: AAGH! Butt-head: UUGH! Beavis: NO! Butt-head: Check this out! What a wuss!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[seeing Jon Bon Jovi] Butt-head: Is that Bridget Fonda? Beavis: Yeah! Fonda ain't got a motor in the back of her Honda! My anaconda don't want none unless it's got buns, hun!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: [Referring to Edie, who is squatting] She's pinching a loaf. Butt-head: That's disgusting!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: She's married to that short, old guy. Beavis: Oh yeah. That guy from Africa that used to be in The Beatles.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Edie Brickell: What I am is what I am... Butt-head: "What I am." Didn't Popeye say that? Beavis: Yeah! They ripped this off from Popeye.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh, these dudes look too old to be trick or treating. Beavis: Maybe they were like, um, you know how sometimes the kids' dads gets dressed up too? Butt-head: Yeah, dads. Beavis: Or uh, nads.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Beavis: I like when girls fight, 'cause they're like "She called me a bitch, and I said you're a slut, well we'll go outside and see who the slut is, bitch!" Butt-head: Settle down, Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uhh...who's this? Beavis: This is Buk-a-hey! Butt-head: Uhh, okay.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, check it out, he's sleeping with a pig! Butt-head: Yeah, so what, Beavis? Beavis: I'm just trying to make conversation! Bunghole! Butt-head: Well why don't you make it somewhere else, bungwipe?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: What's all that crap she's holding? Beavis: I don't know. Maybe they're like tools or something. Butt-head: ...tools?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey check out those guys! Butt-head: Oh yeah. Mr. Bungholio and his twirling fartknockers. Beavis: Yeah. It's like someone said, "Okay, this sucks. I think it's time to bring out Mr. Bungholio and his twirling buttknockers." Butt-head: Uh...that's fartknocker, Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I wish this chick would just quit whining. Beavis: Um...you know, you could change the channel, Butt-head. Butt-head: I shouldn't have to do that. She should just shut up. She's the one who sucks.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: [singing] Ever since I was a young boy, I've played the silver ball!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: Uh, do you know what "Cage the Elephant" means? Beavis: Oh yeah, like um, choking your chicken? Butt-Head: Beavis, you think everything means that! But uh, in this case, it does.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[laughing and a shot of a very content face is shown] Beavis: Whoa! That guy just caged his elephant!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: What's this? This is pretty cool. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Who are these guys? Butt-head: They look kinda like turds! Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Turds are cool!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[a group of camels are shown] Butt-head: Whoa! Those giraffes are pretty cool! Beavis: Yeah, yeah! I like the turds better though. Butt-head: Would you feel bad about flushing a talking turd? Beavis: No way! I'd say: "Drown you fecal matter!"
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butthead: [immitating the singer's growl] OAAAA! DAAAAUUUUGH! Yeah. It's like, everybody sings like this now.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: WHoa, look at their hair, Butthead! It reminds me of like those pom poms, at like pep rallies. Butthead: You go to pep rallies? Beavis: Yeah. You know, sometimes I go just to check out the butts.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butthead: If these guys practiced their instruments, as much as they practiced shaking their hair around, they'd be like pretty good, probably. Beavis: I don't know, they'd probably still suck, probably. But you know maybe that's just me, I don't know.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[the band members have long blonde hair] Beavis: Whoa, check it out, it's Cousin Itt! Butt-head: Yeah. Beavis: [jabbers like Cousin Itt]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh...who is this dude? He looks familiar. Beavis: Oh yeah! That's um, um, uh, what's his name, uh...Captain Kangaroo! Butt-head: Captain what? Beavis: You know, Captain Kangaroo! With Mr. Green Jeans and Magic Drawing Board. You know.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Um...what kind of music is this? Butt-head: Uh...I think this is like some kinda gangsta rap.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I bet this dude scores a lot because like, he wears black. Beavis: Plus, he's like, old.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Whoa! He's just like, walking around in his underwear! Beavis: Yeah, yeah and he's having popcorn for breakfast, that's pretty cool!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Butt-head, you think he has morning wood? Butt-head: Yeah. He's got a breakfast burrito. Beavis: Yeah. [[Imitates Mexican accent] And a chimichanga! A chimichanga!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: These guys are in a trash can. Butt-head: Yeah. Somebody probably threw them in the garbage.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Who are these guys? Beavis: Um...I think it's the Village People. Butt-head: Uh...oh yeah. Beavis: Well I'll be hornswoggled and dipped in turds!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This is that group with George Michael, and Kenny G., and Snow. Beavis: It's a superSUCKgroup!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Oh no. Beavis: Oh God. Here we go again with another crappy suck video. Butt-head: Here we go again. Beavis: This sucks! Butt-head: [Imitating lead singer] UHUHUHUHUHUHUH!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Oh God. Butt-head: What the hell is the problem with this crap? Beavis: This sucks. Butt-head: [Sees a note that says Don't try to follow] Yeah, I think that's what that note said.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[The lead singer hides herself in a coffin] Butt-head: She sucks so bad, they locked her in a box. You know who else ought to do a concert inside of a box? Nelson. Beavis: Yeah, Bon Jovi.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Um...water! Wa-ter! Butt-head: Yep, there's some water.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Michelle Pfeiffer: You wanna tell me what this is all about? Butt-head: You wanna tell me what this is all about? Beavis: The reason I brought you here, is I wanna do you.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: You know, a while ago when Coolio said "I see myself in the pistol smoke", he stole that from Snoop Doggy Dogg.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: How many fat dudes are there in this band? Beavis: Um, uhhhhhhhh, well, there's at least, um, two. Butt-head: Yeah. They need to get a big, fat drummer. Beavis: Yeah, really. And like, just a couple big, fat dudes dancing around would be cool too.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: He's having trouble defecating. Kirk Windstein: OOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!! (OOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!) Beavis: Uh, not anymore. Butt-head: He just took a dump!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, it's Crowbar! Butt-head: Oh yeah. They're always taking a dump.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Kirk Windstein: I give my heart and soul to you! Butt-head: Whoa! He said he gave his heart and soul to some chick. Beavis: That must have been like...at least 50 pounds of meat.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I think this is, like, a love song. Beavis: Yeah. It is a love song so divine.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Did you see that guy? Beavis: Yeah, really. Butt-head: Must be his first concert. Beavis: His mom's waiting outside in the stationwagon. Butt-head: She said, "Okay, now what time's the concert gonna be over?" Beavis: What a wuss!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey Butt-head, I think I saw these guys at Chuck E. Cheese's Butt-head: Oh yeah! They sucked. Beavis: I kept banging on the glass and saying "STOP IT! STOP IT! STOP IT!" Butt-head: Oh yeah, then you got your butt kicked. Beavis: Oh yeah, yeah. That was cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: (Imitating Robert Smith) Peter Piper picked a pickle of peckled peppers! Peter Piper Picked a pickled pecker! Butt-head: How come this guy always has to like, sing like, [wails] uhuuuhuuuuuuhhhhhh!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: His lipstick's on crooked. Beavis: Yeah, he didn't do a very good job.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Ugh! Is this a joke? Beavis: Yeah. I think this is supposed to be funny.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[commenting on a small boy running] Butt-head: Hey, check it out, it's Jeremy. Beavis: He's still running. How come Jeremy's always hanging out in the woods? Butt-head: Uh, I don't know.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Look at this guy. Did I mention that this sucks? Beavis: Yeah, but it's like, you know, it can't hurt to say it again.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, this looks pretty cool! Butt-head: Yeah, "The electrified forcefield has created the perfect being!" In the future, it's like, all turds will be perfectly round. Beavis: Yeah yeah, and they will go "plop!"
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, check out his eyes. Butt-head: Uhhh, you want black eyes like that? Beavis: Yeah, yeah, I think it would be cool! Butt-head: Okay. [starts smacking Beavis repeatedly]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Um, heh, one thing about this video though, that's really cool and everything, but then it just stops! Like, just, out of nowhere. Butt-head: Uh-[the video ends]
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: These guys are pretty cool, but, this lead singer looks like Patrick Swayze and he like- Butt-head: Shut up, Beavis, these guys are cool!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey Butt-head, doesn't this song have another video? Butt-head: Yeah, this song is so good they had to do it twice.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I heard this dude could bench press, like, 140. Beavis: Whoa! That's pretty good. Maybe he'll be in the 200 Club someday.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: What's he doing? He was, like, shaking his hips back and forth like a little wussy. Butt-head: Yeah. That little dance isn't very cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh... is that deadmau5? Beavis: Oh yeah. He looks like Eminem without his mouse helmet. Butt-head: Yeah, really.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Did you hear it from Kurt Scrotur? Beavis: No, from Tabitha Sore-End. Get it? Sore end? Butt-head: I get it, Beavis. You're a dork. [Scoffs] You know the MTV News theme song.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Pos: Now I'm something like a phenomenon... Beavis: Phenomenon. Phenomenon, AAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!! I'm something like a phenomenon. Butt-head: It's not very cool when you do it, Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: You sound really stupid most of the time. You're like [imitates Beavis] "Yeah, yeah, it's pretty cool because...[incoherent gibberish]" Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head, I don't talk like that! I'm not gonna say anything. I'm just gonna be quiet. Ow! [coughs] Ow!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: What the hell is this dude saying? He's like, saying "Fried egg, fried egg, fried egg," Beavis: Fried...[coughs]...fried egg, fried, [coughs] fried egg...
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, is that Ross Perot? Butt-head: Yeah. I think that's Ross Perot from a long time ago. Beavis: Oh yeah. [imitating Ross Perot] Folks, it's simple. When a problem comes along, you must whip it! Butt-head: He looks like some sort of bungsnoidial buttsnoid.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: You know the guy that comes out, and he goes "Twelve chocolate cakes", and then he, like, falls on his butt, and the cakes spill all over the place? That was pretty cool. Butt-head: Oh yeah. That was kinda cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: CROTCH STUFFING! Beavis: Let's try that. Butt-head: Yeah, maybe we would get some. Beavis: Some what? Butt-head: Dude. Beavis: Nice organ lick. Butt-head: Organ lick?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: These guys are hippies. Beavis: I hate hippies.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: These are like sports bleepers. Beavis: Sports suck! Butt-head: This is like circus music. Beavis: Yeah, this sucks!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Who is this chick? Butt-head: Uh...I don't know. She looks like some chick you'd see hanging out in K-Mart. Beavis: Um...I think I've seen this chick before. Butt-head: Yeah. She did Prince. Beavis: Oh, really? Well, at least that's something.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: You know, they don't have to keep showing her face just because she's singing. Beavis: Yeah, really. Like, move down and show her butt or something. Butt-head: Yeah!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Butt-head: Look at this stupid stuff she keeps doing with her face. Beavis: Yeah. This chick is pretty dumb. Butt-head: Yeah, and she's probably a slut too.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: [as prisoners try to escape prison] Wow, they really hate this song. Butt-Head: These people would rather get shot than listen to him anymore.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: How come whenever you see a chick band, they're always looking down at their hands when they play? Butt-head: Maybe they're looking at their boobs; did you ever think of that? Beavis: Oh yeah. I guess I would look at my boobs too.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Check it out. That drummer dude is surrounded by a bunch of naked dudes.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Is this a commercial? Butt-head: Yeah, it's a commercial for MTV's House of Butt.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh! This sucks! Beavis: Yeah! AAAAHHHH! It's like, it sucks! Butt-head: This is horrible. Beavis: Yeah, and it sucks too. Butt-head: Beavis, "sucks" isn't strong enough a word to describe this crap. Beavis: Yeah, it's like it sucks...a lot.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Is this Boy George?! Butt-head: Yeah. He's all fat now. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! I heard he's like, trying to be manly now, and he's not gonna dress up like a chick anymore. Butt-head: He's a turd.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-head scream once the video starts] Butt-head: Oh my God. Beavis: Oh, dear Lord! Butt-head: This sucks. Beavis: AAAH! Good God Almighty!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey Butt-head, why are we watching this? Butt-head: Uhh...I dunno.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey Butt-head, change it, come on, this sucks. Butt-head: Uh, let's just cool out for a minute, Beavis. Beavis: Ummmmmmmmmm.......
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Hey Beavis, my uncle was over here, and he left a six-foot poop in the toilet, and he didn't flush. Beavis: Really? Butt-head: You should check it out. Beavis: Is it still there? Butt-head: Yeah. Beavis: Let me go have a look. [exits. Butt-head lies down on the couch.]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Mike Patton: I know it sounds funny but I just can't stand the pain... Burt-head: That doesn't sound funny.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Oh no. Just look at this crap. It's, like, another one of those videos where you don't even remember it right after you saw it. Butt-head: You can't remember any videos right after you saw 'em, Beavis. Beavis: Yeah I can. That's how I know this is one of those videos.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I think this is a buzz clip. Beavis: You know, um, I always thought, y'know, like, a buzz clip, like, was where, um...y'know, like, they had something in the um...um...you know, where they, uh...[the pair resume sleeping]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[the video ends] Beavis: [yells] HEY MAN NICE SHOT!!! Butt-head: [disorientated] Uhuhhuhuhuhuhuhuhuhuh!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wayne Coyne: She'll make you breakfast/She'll make you toast... Beavis: He knows a chick who makes toast? So what? Butt-head: Yeah. I can make toast.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh-oh. I think this is college music. Beavis: Yeah. You can tell because that dude has orange hair. You can also tell it's college music because it's like...they're in a field. Butt-head: Yeah. Fields suck!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: How come he keeps singing about these people that he knows? Who gives a rat's ass? Beavis: Yeah. [sings off-key] I KNOW A GUY!!! HIS HAIR IS ORANGE!!! HE SUCKS!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Whoa! She's one of those grubby girls. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Butt-head: She wants me. Beavis: Me too.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Samantha Fox: Sex was something I just had... Butt-head: Whoa! She just had sex? Beavis: Yeah! Butt-head: Why don't they show that? Beavis: Yeah! She said she just had sex. Butt-head: It wasn't with any of those guys.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: If this video had some explosions, it would be the coolest video ever. Beavis: Yeah, and like, if the music was cool too. Butt-head: Oh yeah. And they'd have to have some like, better singing. Beavis: Yeah, and not those guys. Butt-head: Yeah. Then it would rule.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: That lead singer, he's cool. He reminds me of my cousin. Beavis: Oh yeah. Which one? Butt-head: Uhh, you know...Richard Head?
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This looks like that dude from, uhhh, from that movie, Smell of a Woman. Beavis: Oh yeah. Butt-head: You know, he was, like, blind and stuff. Beavis: Yeah, and he's like, "Hoowah! Hoowah! Hoowah!" He's a good actor.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh...he's drinking. Beavis: I can hardly wait 'till I get older and like, get a job and stuff so I can drink. Butt-head: Yeah. I plan on doing some smoking too.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Hey, that's that street where Madonna wanted to have her baby. Beavis: So what? Butt-head: Well, then you think of something to say, bunghole! At least I'm trying. Beavis: Okay, I will think of something to say. Schlong. Poop. Anything's better than that.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This is like that easy listening stuff. Beavis: Oh yeah. How come they call that easy listening, when it's like, it's really hard to listen to? It makes me sick!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Dammit Beavis, you promised that this would start rocking! Beavis: I didn't promise, Butt-head, I said maybe it would start rocking! Butt-head: Well, maybe I'm gonna smack you upside the head, dumbass. Beavis: Well, I'm gonna kick your ass, I promise. Butthole.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This reminds me of that joke, where the guy goes to the psychiatrist's office, and he goes "Doctor, my wife thinks she's a chicken". And then the doctor says "Then why don't you choke her?" Beavis: Oh yeah. [imitates chicken] Bawk-ba-bawk!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Look at his mouth. Beavis: Yeah, yeah. It's all encrustulated with grobiels of feces. Butt-head: See what I mean, Beavis? You got like, some problem of something. Beavis: Yeah well, your, uh... your mom, you uh, your mom ... yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[various images flash rapidly on the screen] Beavis: Whoa, is this Faces of Death 3?! Butt-head: Uhhh, no, it's just a video. Butthole.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: Hey, how come this guy's wearing a dress? Butt-head: Because he's doing his laundry, dumbass. Beavis: Oh, really?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Yeah, yeah! BUT MMMEEEEEEEEEEEE-AAAAAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Yeah, yeah, yeah! Butt-head: That sucked, Beavis. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head, it was cool!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[images of explosions and car crashes are shown] Butt-head: Yes! Beavis: Whoa, whoa, look, look! Eeh, yeah, yeah, car accidents! Yeah! Butt-head: That was cool! Uh... Beavis: Uh, laundry! Yeah. Butt-head: Yeah!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Is this Spinal Tap? Beavis: Yeah, Tap is cool! Butt-head: This isn't Spinal Tap! This sucks! Beavis: Yeah, this sucks!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Where'd these guys get their clothes? Beavis: I think they bought them at that rock and roll store at the mall.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Didn't these guys play at the state fair last year? Butt-head: Yeah. They won a blue ribbon in the pig contest. Beavis: Eh heh heh, yeah, heh heh. Because he's fat!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: AAAAAAAHHHHH! Shut up! Shut up! Butt-head: Yeah. Shut up! Beavis: You suck! Butt-head: Stop in the name of all that which does not suck!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This is what it's all about. Beavis: It's like, you watch all these videos, you watch TV, everything sucks, and then something like this comes on, and it's like, it's cool!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, check it out. [sings along] He died and he died and he died and he died and he died and he died and he died and he died and he died and he died...[Butt-head smacks him] OOOOWWWWW!!!! Oh, thanks, Butt-head. I was stuck.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Who is this? Butt-head: Uh...is this that Toyota Jackson chick? Beavis: Yeah, it's like...it's Toyota Jackson dressed up like Wonder Woman. Butt-head: Oh yeah. [reacting to video] ...Oh no. Beavis: Yeah. No! NO!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[John Oates is carrying a stack of presents which cover his face] Butt-head: Who could that be? [Daryl Hall takes some of the presents] Beavis: Whoa, it's Geraldo!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: He's smiling at you. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Check it out, Butt-head! It's Mallory, that chick from Family Ties. Butt-head: Yeah. This is really noisy. Beavis: Yeah. Noise is cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This chick is weird. Beavis: This chick's mouth is crooked. Butt-head: I wonder why. Beavis: Yeah. Why is it crooked? Butt-head: Uh... I don't know.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Beavis, the name of this song is '50 Foot Queenie.' Beavis: Yeah, I'd like a 50 foot queenie. Butt-head: I'd like a 50 foot weenie.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Max: There's an, old man on a sleigh! Who's like-k-k-k me for just one day! Beavis: Is it Sting? Butt-head: No way, Beavis. Sting sucks! This guy's cool!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Max: So here's a little gift, a song to him, from me! Merry-merry-merry-merry-merry Christmas Santa Claus! Butt-head: This dude stutters! Beavis: Yeah, that's cool!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey Butt-head. I think the TV's on slow. Fix it. Butt-head: Beavis, you can't put the TV on slow. You're thinking of the VCR or something.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Check it out! Her guitar's broken. Beavis: Oh yeah. They should like, break more guitars. Butt-head: Uh...yeah! Beavis: They should break that escalator too. That would rule.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The lead singer is destroying an overhead projector] Beavis: Yeah, stomp on it! Kick it! Butt-head: Yeah! I hate those things. Beavis: Yeah. Everytime someone brings one of those into class, I just like, stick my hand on it and flip everybody off.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A bandmember resembles Jim Carrey] Butt-head: Ace Ventura: Pet Detective!
tv-beavisbutthead	love	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Butt-head: Check it out, she's horny. Chicks get that look when like, I talk to them and stuff. Beavis: Yeah, and then they just leave.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: That drummer looks like a regular guy. Butt-head: Yeah. If you saw him on the street, you wouldn't even know he was cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: [The screen says Violet] Uh...violence? Beavis: Yeah, alright! I like it when they tell you beforehand that there's gonna be some violence, so you can make sure you don't, like, go to the bathroom or anything.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Check it out! Hole! Beavis: Oh yeah! Who are these guys, Butt-head? Butt-head: Uh...this is Hole, Beavis. Who did you think I was talking about? Beavis: Oh! I thought you were talking about her bunghole. Butt-head: You dumbass. Beavis: Yeah. Hole!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: Those squares remind me of that game all those stupid dorks play...um, chest. Beavis: Yeah. It doesn't even have anything to do with boobs.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Mike Muir: ...but a .357 gonna blow your damn head off! Beavis: Hey Butt-head, what's a 357? Butt-head: Uh...that's like when someone turns all the way around in a circle when they're like slam-dunking or something.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Janet Jackson: Shanna, will you hurry up and get your funky butt off the bed? Beavis: Did you hear that? She just called her monkey butt! Butt-head: Yeah. That was pretty cool!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: I'm getting kinda sick of Janet Jackson. Butt-head: Yeah. She always has a bunch of chicks sitting around and talking before the video.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Excuse me, are those Bunghole Boys you're wearing? Beavis: [laughs] Bunghole Boys.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Janet Jackson: Could you handle this? Butt-head: Could you handle this, Beavis? Beavis: Yeah, since I can handle this, I can probably handle that!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis is humping the couch] Butt-head: Ugh! What are you doing, Beavis? Beavis: Doin' my monkey boy. Butt-head: Dammit Beavis, get down! Beavis: I am gettin' down! Rat-a-tat-tat-d'atass...
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Uh...is this another one of those damn '80s suck videos? Beavis: Oh yeah! Oh yeah, it's from that album The Classics of Suck.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Whoa! It's hammer time!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: I can't touch this! Butt-head: I can't watch this! [changes channel]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Oh man! What is this? Beavis: Yeah! This guy really sucks, and I'm not just saying that either! Butt-head: Where's he going with that magazine? Beavis: He's going into the bathroom, and he's taking those guys with him.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: [Singing off-key] SING US A SONG, YOU'RE THE PIANO MAN!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Whoa! Is this The Partridge Family? Beavis: Um...yeah! Butt-head: I think this is Barry Manilow. Beavis: This isn't Barry Manilow. He's blonde haired like me. Butt-head: Yeah, and he sucks like you too. Beavis: Yeah. I mean, no. Buttmunch.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Rob Halford: FASTER THAN A BULLET!!!! TERRIFYING SCREAM!!!!! Beavis: [does an exaggerated impersonation of Rob Halford] Butt-head: Hey! I feel like killing myself! I feel like killing you!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: They're guilty. See you in hell, Rob Hellford! This dude is old.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh...uh-oh. This is horrible. Beavis: I kinda feel sorry for these guys, you know, because um, I think it's probably not their fault that they suck so much. Butt-head: Uh...yeah it is.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Oh boy. This is really sad. It's probably like, you know, he has kids and stuff, and he's like "Okay kids, I gotta put on my make-up and go do another show." Beavis: Yeah, you know? It's too bad, really.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	John S. Hall: This one's called "Martin Scorsese". Butt-head: Uhhhhhhh, "Martin Scores Easy"? Beavis: Yeah, yeah! It's hard for me to score.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Butt-head: Hey this is that dude who lost his penis! Beavis: Yeah! He did that song about how he had a "touchable penis"!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Butt-head: This must be what happens when you lose your penis! Beavis: Yeah! I always try to keep my johnson in my pants so I won't lose it! Butt-head: You're pretty stupid, Beavis!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Holy crap! Butt-head: Whoa! What the hell is this crap? Beavis: Oh my God! Butt-head: Is this, like, a joke? Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Butt-head: I think it's safe to say that this sucks.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: That cop should hit him. Butt-head: Yeah! Kix: COOL! KIDS! Butt-head: "Krokus"? Beavis: No, he's saying "cool kids". Butt-head: These are supposed to be cool kids? Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Butt-head: I'd hate to see the un-cool kids! This sucks!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[An animated man is caressing his hand against a woman's side, about to reach her breast] Butt-head: Whoa! Beavis: HIGHER, HIGHER, HIGHER, HIGHER, HIGHER! Butt-head: Settle down, dumbass.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa! This looks like it might rock. Butt-head: Yeah, maybe. Beavis: Yeah. I mean, I dunno, maybe it's alright. I guess it sounds kinda cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Yes! Beavis: Yeah! Yeah, bee-yotch! Butt-head: Shut up, Beavis! [Slaps Beavis]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[A Mars symbol shows up onscreen Butt-head: Hey Beavis, you see that arrow? Did you know that that symbolizes the wiener? Beavis: Um... what wiener? Where? Butt-head: It stands for wieners everywhere. Beavis: Um... yeah. Good.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Annie Lennox appears with her eyes largely widened] Beavis: AAH! What's her problem?! Butt-head: This is stupid. Beavis: Um...this kind of sounds like that um...[sings]"From a Distance". Butt-head: Oh yeah. Beavis: Who did that song? Butt-head: Uh...that's Butt Midler.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Okay, I have one. Knock knock! Beavis: Who's there? Butt-head: Uh...eura. Beavis: Eura who? Butt-head: You're ain...urine.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[the lead singer's head is the focus of one shot] Beavis: I wonder what the rest of her body looks like? [the camera pans down to her legs] Oh yeah. Thank you very much. Butt-head: Thank you, may I have another?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, I think this is my grampa! Butt-head: No, this is that dude that was in that movie...he married his cousin, and then they did it. Beavis: Oh yeah. I think that movie was called "Great Balls of FFFFIRE!!"
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Is that that Christian Slater dude? Beavis: Yeah. It's like "Christians? Later, dude." Butt-head: Beavis, quit trying to be funny. It never works.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Keith Caputo: You've got time, but you ain't got time for me... Butt-head: Look at him! He's saying his dad doesn't have time for him. Beavis: Aww! Aww! He ain't got time for me! Butt-head: He's practically crying. Beavis: Aww! That's too bad.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: [sings] American Woman! Butt-head: They think they're bad cause they're walking slow.
tv-beavisbutthead	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Who are these guys, anyway? Butt-head: Uh, the Lordz of Brooklyn. Beavis: I thought there was only one Lord. That's what they said in Sunday school. Butt-head: You're thinking of, like, outer space, Beavis. That's where the lord lives.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: You know, I sure would like to do Madonna. Butt-head: Yeah, me too! I'd like to have sex with her. That would rule! Check it out. Madonna's always having sex with herself in these videos. Beavis: Yeah, that's what I meant too. That would kick ass!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Butt-head: Madonna's always like...masturbating during her videos. Beavis: Yeah, so am I! Butt-head: Yeah, but like, when she masturbates, she's still doing it with Madonna, but when you spank your monkey, you're just having sex with Beavis! Beavis: Well, little Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey! No shirt, no shoes, no service! Butt-head: Those are the rules! Now get the hell out of my store!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Marilyn Manson: The housewife I will beat... Beavis: The asswipe I will beat? Butt-head: He didn't say asswipe, he said housewife. Beavis: Sounded like asswipe to me, Butt-head. Butt-head: Uh...who cares?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, look, Butt-head! Poop in a jar! Butt-head: Oh yeah. I think there's some wee-wee there too.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: You know, that one chick? That chick right there? She's kinda hot. Butt-head: Yeah. Beavis: I'd like to make love to her. Butt-head: Yeah. Me too. Beavis: I'd like to stroll down, and make love... Butt-head: Come to Butt-head.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I heard this dude like did this whole song just by like whistling and singing and slapping his butt and stuff. Beavis: Whoa! Really? I think I'm gonna try that. Butt-head: Yeah. So am I. [Slaps Beavis across the face]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butthead: Hey Beavis, this guy talks like you. Beavis: No way, Butthead. [sounding like Dave Mustaine] He doesn't talk like me. Butthead: He sorta talks like you. He just doesn't sound as much of a wuss as you do. Beavis: Shut up, Butthead.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Yes! Yes! Butt-head: Cool! Beavis: This rules, Butt-head, check this out!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Buzz Osborne: Los ticka toe rest... Butt-head: What? I can't understand what he's saying. Beavis: What's your problem, dumbass? He's saying, like, um... Buzz Osborne: ...sender bright like a penelty... Beavis: Done brine like a pelty? Yeah, that's cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: See, like, right here, he says, uh... Buzz Osborne: Exi-tease my ray day member half lost a beat away... Beavis: Um, exit is my raging member, ban on a TV. Butt-head: These words rule! Beavis: Yeah, yeah yeah yeah! Rock!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey Butt-head, if they X-rayed your wiener, would they see a bone? Butt-head: If you had a boner, they would. Beavis: Yeah, yeah. That would be cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[the band members are submerged in water] Butt-head: Water is cool. Beavis: Yeah. We should go to somebody's pool, and like, go inside it, and like, go underwater, and just rock out! [sings along] Like a stinky photographing on a wire relay in a state of!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Is this Michael Jackson? Beavis: I think it's that bee from that Blind Melon video.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Dammit, I'm sick and tired of seeing crap like this. Beavis: That'd be cool, if Robin Hood came and shot these guys with an arrow. Yeah, yeah, YEAH, YEAH YEAH! Butt-head: Rock on, Beavis!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, check it out, it's the Turdburgler! Butt-head: You mean the Hamburglar, dude. Beavis: No, this guy's a Turdburgler. Butt-head: Oh yeah!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Boy, this is horrible. Beavis: Um...don't say that, Butt-head. I kinda feel sorry for these guys. Butt-head: Yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: That James Hetfield dude looks like the Cowardly Lion. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head! He kicks ass! Butt-head: The Cowardly Lion sucks, Beavis. Beavis: I was talking about James Hetfield! He rules!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: What's this? Butt-head: You should know, buttmunch. This is Metallica. Beavis: Oh yeah. Yeah, yeah, YEAH!!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[the music starts becoming more metallic] Butt-head: Yes! Yes! Beavis: Yes! Metallica rules! Butt-head: They rule. Beavis: [singing along] Dunununuh! Dunununuh! Darkness! Imprisoning me! I cannot live! I cannot die! Butt-head: Shut up, Beavis! Beavis: Oh. Sorry, man.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh, this is like, those instructions you get when you try to buy a bed at IKEA. Beavis: Oh, yeah. The bed shouldn't have instructions. Except for like, "sleep" and "get it on." Butt-head: Yeah, really. That's why I stole this couch.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh... I think this is a diagram that shows how the butt works. Beavis: Yeah, it's the digestive system of a lesbian. I mean, uh, oh. Dammit. Butt-head: Whoa! They gave a poopsicle to that kid!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: Uhhh, is this 16 and Pregnant? Beavis: No no no no. I've seen all of those. Plus she already has a baby, so this is probably, um, Teen Mom season 3! I've seen all of seasons 1 and 2! Butt-Head: She's a lousy mom.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Is this Florida? Butt-Head: Uhhh... [monsters and zombie-looking people around] Yup, that's Florida. Florida sucks.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: This chick looks familiar. Butt-head: Oh yeah. She was in that movie. Beavis: Oh yeah, that movie...it was the second one. The second one of that first one where that dude was choking his chicken on that rock.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: That spider's gonna do her. Beavis: No way, really?
tv-beavisbutthead	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[A tornado is shown on screen] Butt-head: Now we're getting somewhere! Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Now we're getting sonewhere. Butt-head: Even the old dude is cool. Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Butt-head: I like the tornado.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Whoa! It's Barbie. Beavis: They oughta get some dude without a wiener to play Ken. Butt-head: Why don't you go for it, Beavis?
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This chick has more teeth than most people. Beavis: Yeah. Bite me!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This video is upbeat. Beavis: This video makes me want to get up and beat it. Butt-head: You said "up!"
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This makes me feel good. Beavis: This video? Butt-head: No. This! [Changes the channel]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Dale Bozzio: Do you hear me? Beavis: [Mocking] Do you hear me? Dale Bozzio: Do you care? Butt-head: Do I care? No! Beavis: Yeah, I don't care! Hell, I just don't care about anything!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[during the guitar solo] Beavis: What's that dude's problem? Butt-head: Uhh, it's like, he's a little too into the music. Beavis: Yeah, really. It's kind of embarrassing. Butt-head: Yeah. The other dudes in the band are probably going "Uh, god, I wish he wouldn't do that".
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey Butt-head, I know I talk about turds a lot, but boy, these things really look like turds. Butt-head: Uhh, I talk a lot about turds too, Beavis. Don't worry about it. Beavis: Oh, okay. Poop!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Uranus is cool. Beavis: Oh, thanks! My anus is pretty cool. Butt-head: [Gets ticked off and slaps Beavis on the chin] Damn it, Beavis, shut up! I was talking about the planet!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa! Check it out! A flying Poop-tart! They oughta make that, like poop-tarts, like when they pop out of the toaster, they go POOP!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Hey, look, it's another one of those heavy metal videos with a naked dude all curled up on the floor.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[the lead singer roars] Butt-head: Whoa. Was that a bear? Beavis: Um, heh. [Beavis imitates the singer] BLEAAAAAHHHHHH!!!! Yeah, I think so.
tv-beavisbutthead	nature	tv-quote	general	0	[a beehive is shown onscreen] Beavis: Yeah! [imitates bees humming] Nyayayayayayaya!! Bees are cool. Nyaaayyayayayaya!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: Dammit. I wish they'd show those bees again. Bees kick ass. [imitates bees humming] Nyayayayaya!! Bees rule!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis sees Morrissey dressed in an unbuttoned fishnet shirt and then spits his soda all over Butt-head] Butt-head: Watch it, Beavis! I know this sucks, but that doesn't mean you have to spit all over me. Beavis: You're lucky I didn't barf all over you.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: He's trying to hump a rock. Beavis: Yeah, that would be cool if he like, pulled it down, and it crushed him. Yeah, yeah!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Girl in video: I feel like such an ass. Butt-head: Yeah. I feel like an ass too. Beavis, go out and get me an ass, please. Beavis: Okay. Would you like some boobs to go with that ass too?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	A different girl in the music video screams Beavis: AAH! What was that? What's going on?! Butt-head: You wuss! That's just a chick screaming. Beavis: They should warn you if they're gonna do that crap, dammit.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Cool! Fire! Fire! FIRE!!! Butt-head: What's wrong with you, Beavis? This sucks. Just because you have fire in your video doesn't mean you're cool. Beavis: Yeah, but the fire itself is pretty cool. Butt-head: No way, Beavis. Vince Neil's a wuss.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Mötley Crüe fired this dude. Beavis: They fired him. FIRE! FIRE! FIRE! FIRE! Butt-head: Tommy Lee should have shoved a drumstick up his butt. Beavis: Yeah. That would've been cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Whoa! That chick's got metal pointy things on her boobs.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Vince Neil: She's a knockdown, drag it out, pick it up, do it again... Beavis: She's a knockdown, drag it out, pick it up, do it again...? Butt-head: What does that mean? Who writes this crap? Beavis: Yeah. This sucks.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Those drums sound cool. Beavis: Yeah. [Imitates drum sound] Butt-head: Shut up, Beavis! I wonder what that drummer's listening to. Beavis: He's probably listening to Pantera. Butt-head: Yeah. Okay dude, get started. Put down your arms and start singing!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[ Trent Reznor starts singing] Beavis: Yes! Yes! Butt-head: Rock! [Beavis and Butt-head do their signature headbanging]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: [Farts towards the quiet end of song] Beavis: Thank you very much, we're Nine Inch Nails. Butt-head: Good night!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This Sucks. It's like he pulls his hair out of his eyes, but then it just falls back in his eyes. Beavis: So what? You got a problem with that? Butt-head: Yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: [Upon seeing the old janitor featured in the music video] Beavis's dad!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butthead: Is this like, grudge music? Beavis: Grudge music is that stuff that guys from Seattle play. Where is Seattle? Hey Butthead, where's Seattle? Butthead: You don't know? It's that place where like stuff is really cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Kurt Cobain: Hello, hello, hello, hello... Beavis: Hello? Hello? Hello, may I help you?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Hi. I'm your tour guide. Welcome to Wuss Gardens. Beavis: It was here that George Washington first chopped off his wiener. And then he lied.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Nitzer Ebb: An anchor! Butt-head: [mocking their accents] Like an ankaa. Beavis: Like an ankaa! Butt-head: An ankaa. Beavis: It's pronounced anchor! Anchor! Can you say that? Err! Err! Dumbass. Ank-err!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Check it out, Butt-head, go-karts! Butt-head: Go-karts rule. Beavis: When I'm old, instead of a car, I'm gonna have a go-kart! [imitates an engine] Brrrrrffffftttt!!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[a guillotine falls and blood spatters all over the screen] Butt-head: Ew! That was disgusting! Beavis: Yeah really. That shouldn't show that kind of stuff on TV! Kids might be watching.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: They should chop other people's heads off in videos. That would be cool. Beavis: Yeah, like in that Neil Diamond video. That's where they should be doing this!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Ted Nugent's head is disembodied and is still alive] Butt-head: He's trying to look all scary. Beavis: He's probably gonna go to jail someday. Butt-head: Well, that was pretty good, I guess. Beavis: At least it was gruesome.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: You like this. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head! No I don't! Butt-head: Beavis, I just saw you tapping your foot. Beavis: She's making me nervous! It's like, freaking me out. Sometimes I tap my foot when I'm nervous. And sometimes I, you know, hum along too.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This is why hot girls shouldn't keep a dream journal. Beavis: Oh, boy.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: Is this one of those beer commercials? Beavis: Yea, this is that one where that dude goes out in the desert, and then he opens up the beer and it starts snowing....."Step out of the old, and into the cold"... Butt-Head: Uhh..."Nothing Beats a Butt!"
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: How come Donny's the only dude with his shirt on? Beavis: 'Cause he's a wuss. Butt-head: He probably has saggy pecs.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa! A flying skull. That's cool! Butt-head: Yeah. It's too bad this music sucks.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Look at this guy! Beavis: Yeah, yeah! This, SUCKS!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey, it's that flying skull again. That flying skull rules. Butt-head: Yeah. He oughta, like, fly away and go into a video that doesn't suck. Beavis: Yeah, yeah, or he could, like, start his own show. Butt-head: Yeah. I would watch it! Beavis: Yeah, yeah, me too!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby Ellsworth: Hello from the gutter! Beavis: What's he saying? Butt-head: Uh, I think he's saying "yellow butter". Beavis: Oh yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Bobby Ellsworth: Welcome to the gutter! We've been expecting you! AHAHAHAHAHA! Beavis: [doing a high-pitched impersonation] WE'VE BEEN EXPECTING YYYYYYYYYOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-AAAAAGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[they've turned the TV up as loud as it can go] Beavis: [trying to yell above the noise] HEY BUTT-HEAD, THIS IS COOL, HUH?! Butt-head: UHH, WHAT DID YOU SAY, BEAVIS? Beavis: I SAID THIS IS COOL, HUH, IT ROCKS!! Butt-head: UHH, WHAT? Beavis: YEAH, YEAH!!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: THIS GUY'S A GOOD DANCER, HUH, BUTT-HEAD?? Butt-head: YEAH! HE'S PRETTY COOL!! Beavis: IT'S LIKE, HE'S A GOOD DANCER, AND HE SINGS PRETTY COOL, AND HE, LIKE ROCKS!! Butt-head: SHUT UP, BEAVIS!! I'M TRYING TO LISTEN!! Beavis: OH YEAH, ME TOO, I'M TRYING TO LISTEN TOO!!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Yes! Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Butt-head: Pantera kicks everybody's ass.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This singer looks pretty mean. Beavis: Do you think he gets all the chicks? Butt-head: Probably not. I bet he, like, scares chicks. Beavis: The only thing cooler than bands that get lots of chicks are bands that scare chicks.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[one of the band members trips over a table] Butt-head: What a wuss!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: This is just horrible. Beavis: If you're gonna be horrible, at least, like, you know, kick ass! You know, like Jesus Lizard! I mean, they suck, but they kick ass!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Hey, that's that kid from that Losing My Religion video. Beavis: Yeah, but I thought he got shot with an arrow or something. Butt-head: Yeah. Dumbass. Beavis: Yeah, really.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Tom Petty: It's good to get high... Butt-head: It's good to get high? Beavis: What kind of message is that sending?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: Hey Butt-head, check this out. Do you like sea food? Butt-head: Uh, yeah. [Beavis opens his mouth wide] Beavis, that joke only works if you have food in your mouth. Dumbass. Beavis: Well, use your imagination, dillhole.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Oh no, is this Yanni? [pause] Uhh...oh, this is Pink Floyd. Beavis: Are they from England? Butt-head: Yep. Just another gang of wussies from England.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: You know, if you didn't know anything about these guys, and just heard the name "Pink Floyd", and then you heard this crap, you know, you'd probably think that it was just like, total wuss music. Butt-head: Uhh, it is wuss music, Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, look! Big bingo balls!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey Butt-head, check this out. [sings in a fake Mexican accent] Let us put the man and woman together and find out which one is smarter...that was cool
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Buster: ZAT YOU, SANTY CLAUS!?!? [Beavis does a spit take] Butt-head: This guy seems pretty cool!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Look at his nose! I bet this guy could pick his nose with his big toe! Beavis: Yeah, yeah! That's cool! I do that sometimes! Butt-head: Oh yeah? That's pretty cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This is so horrible, I can't even begin to talk about how much this sucks. Beavis: Yeah yeah, really. Look at these buttknockers!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Remember back when they used to play videos by these guys all the time? Beavis: Yeah, that really sucked. Butt-head: Yeah. It's a good thing they're gone. Beavis: Yeah, really.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Wait a minute. That dude right there, I think he's that dude who drives the snack truck now. Butt-head: Oh yeah. That's right, he's got a mustache now, and he's just got long hair in the back.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I bet these guys like practice their little wussy dance movies. Beavis: Yeah. Guitars up! Two, three, four and kick!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: It's like, [high-pitched voice] Bobby, I smeared my lipstick when I kissed my finger. Can I borrow some of yours? Butt-head: You're a little too good at that, Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[the names of the band members are flashed onscreen] Butt-head: Bobby. C.C., and Brettt! Beavis: And don't forget Rikki!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uhh...y'know I don't say this too often, but uh, this sucks. Beavis: Ummm, you say that all the time, actually. Butt-head: Uhhh...oh yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: You know who else Pamela Anderson boffed, is, uh, Scott Baio. Butt-head: Uhh, really?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: You know, this Poison dude kinda looks like Pamela Anderson. Beavis: Yeah, you know, I was thinking, y'know, if he got some hooters, maybe he could be on Baywatch. You know, since his career sucks now, he probably doesn't have a job.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Iggy Pop: The cops are well-groomed, with muscled physiques in Butt Town... Butt-head: Butt Town? Beavis: Yeah, that's what he said! He said Butt Town! Butt-head: This is cool! Beavis: Butt Town!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Iggy Pop: If you live in Butt Town.... Butt-head: Yeah! If you live in Butt Town... Iggy Pop: ...you gotta get down. Butt-head: Yeah! You gotta get down! Beavis: Butt Town! Yeah! Butt-head: Butt Town rules.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: Hey, Butt-head, where is Butt Town? Butt-head: I don't know, but I'm gonna find a map and go there. Beavis: Can I come too? Butt-head: Uh... no, Beavis. Dumbass.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This like, uh... kinda rocks. Beavis: Yeah, yeah, like you know... rock salt. Butt-head: Okay, Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, Butt-head, I just saw a girl's butt! Butt-head: There's a lot of chick's butts in here, Beavis. Beavis: No, I mean she was naked! Butt-head: You're not allowed to show a naked butt on TV! Beavis: Well, it looked like she was naked. And it was pretty cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Is this the Benny Hill Show? Butt-head: No, there aren't any chicks in bikinis. Beavis: Oh yeah. Hey, this is Primus! [sings] My name is M-M-M-M-M-Mud! Butt-head: Maybe this guy will spit again.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Les Claypool: If I had my druthers, I'd screw a chimpanzee... Butt-head: Whoa, did you hear that? I think he just said "If I had my druthers, I'd screw a chimpanzee". Beavis: Really? Hey Butt-head, let's go get some druthers.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: You know what this video needs, it needs like, a toilet Butt-head: Why would they put a toilet in here, Beavis? It doesn't have anything to do with toilets. It's about...uhh...I don't know. Beavis: I don't care.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: That looks like that dude from Deliverance. Beavis: Remember that part with that pig? Butt-head: That wasn't a pig, Beavis. That was Ned Beatty. Beavis: I watched that movie seven times. Butt-head: Me too. Squeal like a pig, boy! Beavis: Yeah!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	[Prince is wearing tight pants and his penis can be seen bulging] Butt-head: Whoa! Check out his unit! Beavis: Whoa, this chick is flat! Butt-head: Beavis, you see that unit? Beavis: Yeah, yeah. Butt-head: That means it's not a chick. Beavis: Oh, oh yeah. I wasn't looking.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Cool! This sounds pretty cool. Beavis: Yeah! It kicks, BUTT! Hey, check out the skull. Butt-head: That's not a skull, Beavis. That's just like, a really ugly dude.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I wish, like, in school, they would teach something practical, like, heavy metal. Beavis: Yeah! They should have, like, "Heavy Metal Choir"! Butt-head: Yeah! Beavis: UP-UP-URAGH UP-UP-UH-UH-UH-UH-RRRAAAAGGHHH!!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This is cool. Beavis: Yeah! This video has cool looking stuff in it. Butt-head: Yeah. Even though it's not on the screen long enough to see what it is, you could still tell it's cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: That guy has a disease. Beavis: Yeah. He's got wussy-itis. Butt-head: First it causes your hair to turn red, then your butt falls off.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Butt-head: Hey Beavis. Have you ever had an operation? Beavis: Yeah, heh heh. I had my tonsils removed. Butt-head: Woah. That means you were neutered, dude. Beavis: No way. Really? Butt-head: Dude, that's what they do when they remove your testicles. Beavis: Heh...cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Butt-head: (Scoffs) Happiness. Beavis: Um...you said penis. I just thought I'd tell you that. Butt-head: I know! Why do you think they call it happiness? Beavis: Oh yeah! Because when you're weiner's happy, you're happy.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Ahhhhhhhh, yeah. I like to mellow out to this song. Butt-head: Yeah. Let's get a little mellow. Beavis: Sometimes if I have a boner that won't go down, I listen to this kind of music.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: Woah. Is she Chinese? Butt-head: I think that's that Connie Schlong chick that called the president's mom a bitch on TV.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Lead singer: But sex! Butt-head: Butt sex?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh, that looks kinda like Conan O'Brien. Beavis: Oh, yeah. I heard he has a gigantic schlong. Butt-head: Uh, no. You're thinking of me, Beavis. Beavis: No. I was thinking of me, actually. Doi-oi-oi-oi-oing!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Jim: It's a Psychobilly Freakout! Beavis: It's a Psychobilly Freakout! Yeah, yeah! That's what it is, Butt-head! It's a Psychobilly Freakout! Everybody pull down your pants, [shaking] ah-YEEEEEEEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, snakes are cool. Butt-head: Yeah. I've got a good feeling about this video. Beavis: Yeah, yeah, me too.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: [singing along badly] I got a wiggle stick, mama! [normal voice] I got a wiggle stick. Butt-head: Well, don't wiggle it here.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Yeah, yeah, get him! Get him in the butt! Yeah! Yeah, yeah! Get him! Get him! Get him in the butt! Yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! Butt-head: Settle down, Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Did I mention that this is cool? Beavis: Um, I don't think so.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Beavis: Whoa, hey Butt-head, check it out, it's a liar..."Liar, Liar, I'll rip your guts out! I'll kick your ass! Liar!" Butt-head: Shut up! Those aren't the words. Beavis: Whoa, whores! Check it out, Butt-head, whores! Butt-head: Yeah. Whores rules.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Sagat: Question... Butt-head: Queshtun. Beavis: Queshtun. Butt-head: That's pretty good, Beavis. Beavis: Yeah, thanks.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: What the hell is this? Beavis: Um, I think this is Primus. Butt-head: No, this is the Seminefrious Tubloidial Buttnoids. Beavis: Really? Butt-head: These guys, like, crawl up into people's butts, and, like, go exploring.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: We should see these guys in concert. Butt-head: Yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, the Seminefrious Tubloidial Buttnoids. Beavis: The Seminefrious Tubloidial Buttnoids have left your pants.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I'm not just a Hair Club member, I'm also the president. Beavis: Heh-heh...you said "member."
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Oh yeah, yeah, I've seen this before! This chick beats herself in the head later. It's cool. Butt-head: Uh...oh yeah! This is gonna be cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Uh...okay, here it comes. [Lead singer hits her open hands against her head] YEAH, COME ON, HIT YOURSELF! YEAH! Butt-head: She kinda looks like she got a little special feeling from doing that.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Shaggy: Mr. Boombastic! Beavis: Yeah! [imitating Shaggy] Yeah, Bombastic! Here it is! Butt-head: [putting on a foreign accent in imitation] Mr. Romantic, Mr. Bombastic. Beavis: [babbles faux-Shaggy gibberish, the only comprehensible words are "romantic" and "bombastic"]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Bombastic! Yeah. [imitating Shaggy] BOMB-BAS-TIC! De bombastic.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: What is this accent he's talking in? Butt-head: Dumbass, it's foreign! Beavis: Oh yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[Beavis humps the couch whilst Butt-head looks at him in shock] Butt-head: Damn it Beavis, cut that out! Beavis: [imitating Shaggy] Bombastic, Mr. Fantastic...
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: By the way, this video really sucks, Beavis. Beavis: Yeah, really. Tell me something I don't--uh, I mean, this sucks!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: [sings] More than a feeling... Butt-head: I woke up this morning, the sun was gone... Beavis: CLOSED MY EYES AND IT SLIPPED AWAY!!! Butt-head: That song's stupid.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Ah boy. I think this video has a message. Butt-head: Yeah. The message is leave. Don't watch it.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: This is like that music they play in those clothes stores in the mall, where they have a bunch of TV screens. Butt-head: Oh yeah. And it's all loud, and then the salespeople come up and say "Hi, would you like a tie today?" Beavis: Those places are stupid.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: You know, it kinda sounded like he said "Poop". Butt-head: Well, this is the Scatman, and scat is another word for poop. Beavis: How'd you know that? Butt-head: I learned it when I did my report on feces.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey, it's that guy from Dragnet! Butt-head: Yeah. I carry a badge. My name's Friday. Beavis: [Bono appears on screen] Yeah. My name's Boner. Butt-head: My name's Boner's dad.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: [On Frank Sinatra] Whoa! Who's that old guy? Butt-head: I think that's like, some dude from The Eagles or something. Beavis: Or like, one of those Rolling Stones guys? Butt-head: Oh yeah. I think that's Keith Richards. Beavis: Oh yeah. He's cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Is this like, classic rock? Beavis: Uh... I don't know.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Frank Sinatra: I've got you under my skin... Butt-head: He said "skin." Beavis: [Laughs] "Skin."
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: Uh, I think that's supposed to be her dad. He's like, "Never shoulda sent that kid to Hogwarts."
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butthead: Where the hell is this? Beavis: Yeah yeah, why are they playing way the hell out in the middle of no where?
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: What are those guys on the horses? Butthead: They're like the Desert cops. They're kicking Slayer out of the desert. Beavis: Yeah they were playing too loud. Butthead: Not loud enough, dude. Beavis: Yeah. MOUW MOUW MOUW ROOOOOOOOUUUUUW!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This music is like, nice and peaceful music. Beavis: Yeah, this is good if you just wanna like, just kinda mellow out or something.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, check it out, that guy's about to score! Stop the truck! Butt-head: Yeah, pull over, buttmunch!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: These guys should like, get together with the Spin Doctors, and like, paint stuff. Beavis: Yeah, yeah, and throw paint around. Seems like every time a bunch of guys get together and throw paint around, there's always some chicks there. Butt-head: Yeah. I wonder why.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Woah, check it out. I can't believe she's talking to Snoop that way. Butt-head: Yeah. If that wasn't his mom, he'd be putting the smackdown. Beavis: Yeah, really.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Doggy-dog is in the motherf-ing houuuse.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: Woah, check it out. He's got a phone on the toilet! Butt-head: We got to get one of those. Beavis: Woah, he just touched her boobs! Butt-head: Yeah. It's a Doggy-Dog World!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: [to the music] May, I, kick a little something for the G's, yey-ah. [speaking] Ain't nothing but a G thing. I'm a G, I'm a straight G. Butt-head: Yeah, you're a G for gonad. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head. You might get smoked if you keep that up. Watch yo back, homie.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: These houses look fake, Butt-head. Butt-head: Of course they do. That's, like, the whole point of college music, to like, make the suburbs look bad.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: Boy, this is turning out to be pretty good. Butt-head: You know, when I see two girls kissing, it kinda gives me a special feeling. Beavis: Yeah, me too. Kinda makes me wanna...make a stool. Poop! Butt-head: Damn it Beavis, you are messed up!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jill Sobule: I kissed a girl. Beavis: Whoa, she said it again! She said she kissed a girl again! Did you hear that? Butt-head: You have to do a lot more than that if you wanna be a thespian.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Kim Gordon: 10, 20, 30, 40... Beavis: How come she's counting? Counting sucks! Butt-head: Uh, maybe she's counting how many times she's done it. Beavis: Oh yeah. Counting rules.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Is this Romper Room? Butt-head: Uh, I wouldn't know, Beavis. Beavis: Oh yeah, me neither, I don't know. I don't know whether this is Romper Room or not.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[a ticket collector is standing under a sign that says "2.00"] Butt-head: Only two dollars to see Sonic Youth? Beavis: That's a good deal.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: You sit too close to me, Beavis. Could you like, move a little further down the couch? Beavis: No way, Butt-head! You move! I'm all comfortable.
tv-beavisbutthead	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This guy looks like Jesus. Beavis: Yeah, Christ is cool!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: If you go to Seattle, everybody you see are cool. We should go dude.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Chris Cornell (Ben Shepherd): All my friends are Indians (all my friends are brown and red)... Beavis: All his friends are brown and red? What's that supposed to mean? Butt-head: Uhh, it means they're, like, turds. He's telling his friends that they suck.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: No sir, I don't have any spare change. Get those damn spoons out of my face. Beavis: Get those spoons out of my face before I shove 'em up your butt! Get outta here!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: You can tell that this is the kind of chick who's like, had her tubes tied. Beavis: Like, um...how come you know this chick's had her tubes tied? Butt-head: Just look at her, Beavis! Beavis: I think I'm gonna go tie my tubes. Butt-head: Shut up, Beavis!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[a man jumps up and down] Beavis: Whoa, he's not even on a pogo stick. I'll be damned.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: How do you do that, Beavis? Beavis: You just talk backwards. Butt-head: Yeah, but like, how? Beavis: Like this. Um...I am...no wait, that wasn't right...this is...uh, no...damn it, I forgot! I can't do it anymore! Butt-head: You can't do it anymore.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Is this Pearl Jam? Butt-head: Yeah. Eddie Vedder dyed his hair red. Beavis: Wait a minute, this isn't Pearl Jam! Butt-head: Yeah. It's good to see you thinking, Beavis.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[a rottweiler is seen in the video] Beavis: That bear is cool. Butt-head: It takes a lot more than bears to make a video cool, Beavis. Beavis: What if the bear was, like, taking a dump? Butt-head: Well, that might work.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I wanna dye my hair orange. Beavis: Yeah. You'd look good, Butt-head. You should do it.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: AAH, I DON'T WANNA LOOK AT SOME DUDE'S BUTT! Come on Butt-head, change it. Butt-head: Come on, Beavis! This song kinda rocks! Besides, later, they show a dog's nads. Beavis: Oh. I'll stick around for that.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh... [The two laugh dismissively] Beavis: What's this?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[An old woman is sitting in a bar] Butt-head: Hey, look, Beavis! It's your mom. Beavis: Where? Where? Butt-head: Hanging out in bars again. Beavis: That's not my mom, Butt-head. That's Grandma.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: What is this? Butt-head: Uh ... is this cable access? Beavis: Yeah, I think it is. Cable access sucks! Butt-head: They should call it cable suckcess. Beavis Yeah, cable suckcess.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This sounds like "Wipeout". Beavis: [half-laughing] I think this is..."Butt-Wipeout". [laughs. Butt-head pretends to laugh]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: That Sucks, they do this really cool dance coming up here. Beavis: Oh, really? Cool. Is that it? Butt-head: No, that's just hockey.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: I think they're singing about a car. Beavis: See, that's pretty cool. If I had a really cool car, I'd sing about it too. Like [begins "singing"] My car is really fast!/It kicks a lotta ass!/um...It runs on gas!/I drive it on the grass!/um...
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Butt-head smacks Beavis] Beavis: Check this out, Butt-head. It starts out pretty cool, then it starts rocking more and more. [Hums along with bass line] See? Butt-head: I get the point, Beavis, now will you shut up so I can hear it?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Then, I was thinking, also, you know, if you had a monkey on drums, just one more thing about that...if you had a monkey on drums, you know, you could spank him, that's all I wanted to say. [Butt-head laughs]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Um... is that guy dead, or is he just like, sleeping? Butt-head: I don't know, but either way it's cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Uh... is this Real Housewives of Detroit?
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Butt-head looks at Beavis in confusion] Butt-head: Uh... I think that chick in the back is dancing to a different song.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	T'Baby: I'm having visions of how we used to hang and bang... Beavis: Hanging and banging... T'Baby: How the fuck do you sposed to stack papers... Beavis: Stacking papers, you know... [The lyrics go off-tempo] Beavis: I'm lost.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Beavis and Butt-head are dancing] Butt-head: It's so cold in the D... Beavis: Bump bump bump bump... Butt-head: It's so cold in the D... uh, this is hard to dance to. [The two pause, then resume, their dancing]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[The lyrics become increasingly off-tempo] Butt-head: Something's off.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I think she was in Lion King. Beavis: Oh yeah, yeah! I like her better in this though. Butt-head: Yeah. This rules! [The two resume dancing] Butt-head: It's so cold in the D...
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This chick's name is T'Pau. Beavis: Yeah. That's Spanish for "This sucks."
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Butt-head: That dude looks like Heidi Fleiss. Beavis: Oh yeah. Butt-head: She's skanky. Beavis: Yeah, and she's ugly. Butt-head: She's what you call fugly. Beavis: She's a fugly, skanky whore. Butt-head: That wasn't very nice, Beavis. Beavis: Oh yeah. Sorry about that.
tv-beavisbutthead	food	tv-quote	general	0	[one member proceeds to deep fry two battered hot dogs] Beavis: Hey, check this out, Butt-head. Fryer, fryer, FRYER!!! Butt-head: Beavis... Beavis: Oh yeah. Fryer!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: [sings along] Hey old miner, how come you're drinking red wine at Shakey's... Butt-head: This is stupid.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Video shows sky-angle footage of New York City] Beavis: Um, this looks like the opening to that show, that late night... Butt-head: Yeah. It's like, "Top 10 tall places to take a crap off of." Beavis: That's kinda disgusting.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: You know what would be really cool? Is like, if he took a leak from up there. Beavis: Yeah! He should take two dumps, one leak, cut the cheese, and then he should jump. That would rule! Yeah!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Butt-head, this reminds me of that movie I saw, that...Crocodile Dumbdee, and um...I was just gonna say, um, he's from...down under. You know, down under? Butt-head: Okay Beavis, I get it. Down under.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: This is mall music. Butt-head: Yeah. She has to play in a mall because she sucks.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: [singing along] Make up your mind... Butt-head: I already made up my mind; this sucks. Beavis: Well, now, come on, give it a chance.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: I think the message of this video is like, that the army kicks ass. Beavis: Yeah. "Today's army trains you with the skills you need to get ahead in today's world!"
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[the lead singer is in a body bag, and a mortician opens it] Butt-head: Zip him back up. He sucks. Beavis: Come on, Butt-head, give him a chance. Butt-head: They shouldn't give anybody a chance to suck.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Are you gonna change the channel, Butt-head? Butt-head: Why bother? All we seem to get on this TV is bad videos Beavis: Oh yeah, yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Whoa, check it out, Butt-head! There's a chick back there in the window; I think she's naked! Butt-head: Shut up, Beavis! No she's not! Beavis: Oh, OK.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Hey Butt-head! It's the Noid. Butt-head: Cool! The Noid is cool. Beavis: Avoid the Noid! Avoid the Noid! I like to say that. Avoid the Noid! Butt-head: Uh ... wait a minute, that's not the Noid. That's Satan.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	[Tom starts his signature wailing] Butt-head: You Right, Beavis! Beavis: Yeah. It's like, this guy's a pretty good singer. Butt-head: Yeah. It's like, he can't write songs but he sure can sing.
tv-beavisbutthead	society	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Later on, this guy gets abducted by aliens. Hey Butt-head, do you believe in aliens? Butt-head: I believe in illegal aliens. Beavis: I believe in Mexicans. Butt-head: Shut up, Beavis. You're supposed to call them "Hispandex".
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: You know what would be funny, if he changed his name, you know, instead of Mike Watt, he would change his last name to Hunt? Butt-head: Uh...why would that be funny? Beavis: ...I don't know, actually. Butt-head: Dumbass.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Beavis: Hey, check it out. It's Dean and Gene Ween. Butt-head: Ween. Beavis: Ween kicks ass. Butt-head: Yeah. This is kinda groovy. Beavis: [screeches] Freedom! Yeah, this is kinda groovy.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Hey Beavis, this guy sounds like you. Beavis: Shut up, fartknocker!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: That dude's wearing a Yamaha.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gene Ween: If you think that I'm a loser... Beavis: He is a loser! Butt-head: This guy sucks!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gene Ween: Push th' little daisies and make 'em come up! Beavis: [mocking him] Push th' little pansies and make 'em come up! Push th' little pansies and make 'em come up! Butt-head: That was cool.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Check it out, it's Corky!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: [changing the channel] Push this!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: These guys got no future.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Um...this is like...um, some show, right? Butt-head: Uh...of course it is, buttmunch! It's on TV. Beavis: No but um...I don't think this is a video. Butt-head: They don't play many videos anymore. It's all like...shows, and people snowboarding and stuff.
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: I think this is...I think this is like, Happy Days. Butt-head: Yeah. Crappy days. Beavis: That was pretty funny, Butt-head. Instead of Happy Days, you called it Crappy Days.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: Rock! Beavis: Yeah, yeah! Butt-head: Yes! Beavis: [sings along] You hobo fumpin' humpin', [forgets the words] ah, ah...bitch! Butt-head: This kinda like, ah, rocks. Beavis: Yeah, it's not bad.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[one of the band members waves towards the lead singer's butt] Butt-head: He's pretending to feel her butt. Beavis: She won't let him feel her butt because like, he failed the nad inspection.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	[the lead singer, licking a lollipop, licks a shirtless man's armpit] Beavis: Whoa! She just licked that dude's armpit! Butt-head: Yeah. The guy with the best nads gets his armpit licked.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: I bet this chick would like, be into me and stuff because like, you know, she has braces. Beavis: She's probably got one of those overbites. Butt-head: Uh, I wish she'd give me an overbite.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: He's smiling at you, Beavis. Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Butt-head: This guy always likes to show off his butt. Beavis: Yeah. And his butt sucks. Butt-head: Oh yeah? How do you know? Beavis: Shut up, Butt-head! I'll kick your ass!
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Um...wow. Something's different about this. Butt-head: Uhh...yeah. It's like, it sounds different, and looks different than like, most other videos you see lately. Beavis: Yeah yeah. Kinda cool, yeah.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Hey Beavis, you get the one in the middle. Beavis: Shut up peckerwood! She's yours.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: His teeth are whiter than white! Beavis: Yeah, they're "white"!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: These guys live on the edge! Beavis: Yeah, the edge of "Wuss Cliff"!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: This is Joey Buttafuoco's&#65279; theme song.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Beavis: Check it out. She's leaving him because he sucks.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Yep, that's him, officer. Beavis: Book him, Danno. Butt-head: Kick him, Danno. Beavis: And punch him! He deserves it. He sucks! Butt-head: We charge you with being in a sucky video for a crappy song. Beavis: Yeah, yeah. Guilty as charged!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: They're making him fight the janitor. Beavis: Fight, yeah! Butt-head: If I was a janitor, I'd like, throw a bunch of sawdust with puke at him, and then I'd go "Now who's bad?"
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[a man jumps off a tall building] Butt-head: Whoa. Beavis: Yeah yeah, now this is gettin' good. [The man transforms into a bird] What? He turned into a bird! Butt-head: If I could turn into a bird, I'd turn into a cock. Beavis: Cock-a-doodle-doo!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: He's probably like, one of those rich kids. Like, his parents bought him a guitar, and he couldn't play that either. Beavis: Yeah, yeah. And then he said "Well, maybe if I get a really cool suit, then that'll help."
tv-beavisbutthead	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Dammit. This Nickelodeon crap has gone too far.
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-head: Boy, this really sucks. [changes the channel]
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Ronnie: GO!!! Beavis: Yeah, GO! Get in there, and have sex with him, now! Butt-Head: You're wasting all our time! Beavis: What TV show do you think you're on here?! Come on!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Farrah:I just got my loan for the breast augmentation... Butt-Head: I-just-got-my-loan-for-the-breast-augmentation
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[Beavis, drinking a soda spits it out in surprise] Beavis: You can get a loan for big boobs?! Butt-Head: Uh...wow! Beavis: I'm gonna take out a loan, to get a bigger schlong!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Farrah's Nurse: [showing Farrah waivers] This is where you sign your life away. Butt-Head: Okay-where-do-I-sign?
tv-beavisbutthead	family	tv-quote	edgy	1	Michael (Farrah's Father): [after her breast augmentation] Looking good. Butt-Head: Did her dad just say "Looking good"? Beavis: Nice boobs, honey!
tv-beavisbutthead	life	tv-quote	general	0	Butt-Head: Toot's....Squatch.
tv-beavisbutthead	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Squatch: Well when I was really really quiet, I was praying last night. Do I need to get the hell away because she is the devil, or is she working for the Lord? Sammie Jo: ...and what did Jesus say? Butt-Head: Jesus said she could do better.
