tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Granddad: (wearing bath towel around his waist, holding empty orange juice carton) Would one of y'all like to explain this?! Riley: (rubs his eyes, groans)Mmmm, you mean the orange juice or the mini-skirt?
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ed Wuncler: What's your position on Gay Marriage? Granddad: Well, first of all, I believe all marriage is wrong!
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	Riley: I know about white people. Like when [white people] talk they say the whooole woorrd likeee thisss.
tv-boondocks	family	tv-quote	edgy	1	Granddad: (To Huey) The hell I can't! You're gonna go and you're not gonna embarrass me in front of my new neighbors or I'm gonna beat your ass. Riley: Why can't we act like ourselves, huh? Why can't I be me? Are you ashamed of us or something? Granddad: Very!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riley: (entering Ed's room and seeing his huge array of guns) Woah... are they... real? Ed Wuncler III: Real? Put it dis' way, if I picked one up and, put it to yo face, pull de' trigger... will you be dead?
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Priest: Well you should definitely see the passion. It's a very important movie. Huey: Couldn't see it, white Jesus. Priest: Excuse me? Huey: Come on man, It's supposed to be all historically accurate, and they STILL have a white man playing Jesus? That's some old bullshit.
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ed Wuncler: In 30 years, that boy's going to become the President of the United States... and he'll still be a (Beeped) idiot.
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley: Granddad, can you take us into the city tomorrow to watch the R. Kelly trial? Granddad: Hell, no. But you can walk. Riley: It's forty miles! Granddad: All the money I spent on them damn Nikes? You better just do it.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley: She saw piss comin', she stayed. Tom: Yes, she did, but-- Riley: And why should I have to miss out on the next R. Kelly album JUST fo' that? (walks away) Huey: (to Tom) Man, you just got beat by an eight-year-old.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Young Uncle Ruckus: Hang that nigga now! I got the rope right here! (he holds up a noose)
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Robert: Didn't Jerry Lee Lewis marry a thirteen-year-old baby? Uncle Ruckus: You can't compare a chocolate monkey like R. Kelly to Jerry Lee Lewis! He was the king of rock n' roll. Great balls of fire! And besides, that was different. It was family
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Huey: Here's something black people have known for a couple of hundred years: niggas are crazy. Now black people don't like to talk about crazy niggas in public 'cause white people might be listening.
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	Robert: Hey, you know what Kobe said to OJ after the trial? "I hope this doesn't put you off white women" Uncle Ruckus: That's funny on so many levels
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Granddad: I just can't stand to see a child go unbeaten.
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	A Pimp Named Slickback then draws his hand back to strike her, but Granddad's belt lashes out and catches his wrist. Robert Freeman: You ain't gonna hit no woman in my house! A Pimp Named Slickback: What woman, sir? This here's a ho! Robert Freeman: Not in this house, she's not!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Dorothy the car has just pulled into their garage) Riley: I must be blind too, cuz I sho' didn't see that ass-whuppin' comin'!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Huey wakes up startled from the dream) Huey:Niggas...
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Huey: You must train. Granddad: I won't fail you. I'm not afraid. Huey: Oh you will be, you will be.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Huey: Granddad, the only way to win is not to fight. Tom: That's right, Robert. Nobody's gonna call you a "fruity-boy" or a "pansy-pants" if you don't do this. Riley: I will. Tom: Right, well... Riley will.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Notice at the beginning of the episode: The following is a completely fictional work of satire. Any similarities with actual rappers is totally, completely, coincidental.
tv-boondocks	life	quip	general	0	Also, I ain't dissin' nobody's city, or region, or... whatever geographic affiliation you got. I love everybody.
tv-boondocks	life	quip	edgy	1	Seriously. I really don't want any of you niggas running up on me at the club. I don't have no crew, and they don't pay me enough to hire bodyguards. I know how ya'll niggas do. It's just jokes, man.
tv-boondocks	life	quip	general	0	Dictated. Not read. The management.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riley: Excuse me, I'm lookin' for Gangstalicious. Receptionist: And who are you? Riley: I'm one of his many illegitimate children. Receptionist: Fifth floor.
tv-boondocks	love	tv-quote	general	0	Granddad: (watching a music video) What the hell is thuggin' luv? Who would want thuggin' luv? Is that when you make love to your woman and right before that "special moment", you beat her upside the head, snatch her purse, and throw it down the stairs?
tv-boondocks	family	tv-quote	edgy	1	Granddad: (calls Riley on the cell phone) Where's my goddamn orange juice, boy?! You hear me?! Whatchu doin'-- growin' the oranges?!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jazmine: It's time to take the 'hoooo's' out of the music videos and put 'em in your mouth. Somebody say, "Ho Ho Ho." You see, nowadays everybody thinks "ho ho ho" means the Hilton Sisters standing next to Nicole Richie.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Huey: Granddad? Granddad! Granddad: I'm sorry boy... what was that? Huey: I just explained the entire history of Christmas! Granddad: But it was BO-RING HU-EY! You're just "blah blah, gay sex, blah blah, Congress!"
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Granddad: Get the hell out of there, you ain't stealin' my car. (He swings a golf club wildly, finally connecting with the camera man, whom he knocks down and continues hitting with the club.) Xzibit: (Later, talking to the camera man) Dude, you got Fucked up by that old ass man!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Granndad: So you're saying that the car stops, and the wheels keep spinning? That's amazing!
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	Huey: (speaking to the camera, reality TV "confessional" style) I mean, everything we see is a false reality. It's like Big Brother, The Matrix, whatever you wanna call it. While we're watching each other, they're watching us. All the time.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Jazmine: You can believe in secret agents, but I can't believe in the tooth fairy? That's messed up Huey. Huey: Go... Eat something out of a dumpster... You street urchin!
tv-boondocks	family	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley: (talking to the camera) I was like, "Man, Granddad done fucked it up for everybody!" Oh shit, is he gonna hear me say fuck?
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riley: Goodnight granddad. Granddad: (angrily) I'll good your night. Riley: Goodnight Huey. Huey: Goodnight Riley. Riley: Goodnight Huey's imaginary friend(snickers). Riley: Granddad, Huey's imaginary friend tried to touch me in a private place....hahahaha! Huey: (sighs)
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Ed Wuncler Sr.: I own all the businesses on this block. Everything except Meadowlark Memorial Park. I've been trying to buy that park for years, but the state is trying to butt-fuck me on the price. But we'll see who butt-fucks who.
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	Mexican Immigrant Worker: Señor Wuncler, are we fired too? Ed Wuncler Sr. (Off-screen): Not the Mexicans! Crying worker: (stops crying) Hey, I'm half-Mexican! Ed Wuncler Sr. (Off-screen): Not the illegal Mexicans! (Worker begins crying again)
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Newsman: Alright Ruckus, what's Robert Freeman's secret? Uncle Ruckus: Well let me just say this here, if there's one thing that a colored man is good at, it's cookin' a pig. Newsman: Well, there you have it.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Ed: I sent that bitch a smiley face. Bitches love smiley faces.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Gin Rummy: Maya Angelou? Maya "And I Rise" Angelou?
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Wuncler III: (in a pool with water wings on) Hey, why ya'll leavin me out here? One of y'all motherf**kers better come out here and get me, I know that, or you will be livin in a haunted house tonight! Gin Rummy: Swim, bitch!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Wuncler III: Isn't that your brother?
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley: And Y'all niggas are gay
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley: I wanna paint Scarface shooting at like fifteen Colombian drug lords... with bitches!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Art Teacher: It's the police! I don't really like the police very much. Riley: Me neither! Art Teacher: Good! Then I'm gonna drive really fast, so we can get away from them!... if that's okay with you. Riley: Yea! Art teacher: That's great! Hold on...
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Art teacher: I think it's time we lost these guys.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Granddad: What was the question? Riley: You asked us if we wanted to hear a really long story and we said "no."
tv-boondocks	love	tv-quote	general	0	Jazmine: (excited, runs toward Huey) You came back! Did you miss me? Huey: Maybe. Jazmine: (chuckles) I bet you did. 'Cause I don't headbutt you in the face like your other so called friends. Jazmine [chases Huey away] Let me see it!
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Huey: (to Riley, who's spraying the water out of a hydrant) Riley! Riley:(looks up) What? Huey: White people have pools. Riley: Nigga, what's wit the coat?!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Huey: (talking to man as man walks by) Prozac can lead to suicide. Jazmine: But lemonade can lead to smiles, which can cause dimples. Man: (delighted) Dimples? I'll take two! Jazmine: Thank you. (to Huey) You're good for business!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riley: (still talking to police) I'm not sayin' I do have a videotape, but I'm not sayin' I don't, either. Hypothetically speaking, how much would you pay for somethin' like that?
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley: Why don't you just holla at him? Inmate: Pshh, I don't know. He's so detached. We used to spend all our yard time together. We used to lift weights together every day. He doesn't even spot me anymore. I think there's somebody else. Riley: ...Jail nigga, you gay.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Huey: (later) Operation Black Steel - the mission to liberate Shabazz K. Milton Berle - was aborted... 'cause I couldn't get a ride.
tv-boondocks	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Huey: (praying in his head, on his knees, in tears) I never prayed before. I don't even know who I'm prayin' to. Maybe I'm too young to know what the world is supposed to be. But it's not supposed to be this. It can't be this. So... please.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Cut to the governor's office) Man: Governor! Governor: What is it? Man: They found out about Raoul!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Cut to Shabazz in the execution chamber. The power goes out right as the switch is pulled, and comes back on moments later. A phone rings) Prison guard: What just happened? Shabazz: Would somebody like to get that? I think it's for me.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Huey: (later, narrating) Shabazz K. Milton Berle was not yet free, but for now, the mission had been accomplished. I decided to take the rest of the day off... I wonder if there's anything good on TV.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Huey: (to Jasmine about going to the movies with Grandad) This will be the worst day of your life. I'm bringin' nunchucks. Riley:...I'm bringin' the .308 notecards!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Granddad (singing): Soul Plane! Soul Pla-a-a-ane! We gonna fly on the Sooooooooooouuuuuuuuuuul Plane.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Mo'nique: Damn! Now are you yelling at me or shitting at me?!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Snoop Dogg: (As pilot of the Soul Plane) Hijack? Them niggas ain't gettin my wizeed fo' rizeal fo' shizzle ma nigga, you know what I'm sayin'?
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Snoop Dogg: (As pilot of the Soul Plane, speaking on radio) The terrorist's name is Kareem Abdul Jabaar... Naw nigga, I ain't gonna ask him for his mu'fuckin autograph!
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Huey starts to sit in the theatre seat next to Riley) Riley: (edging away in his seat) Eww, nigga you gay! (Riley moves to the next seat)
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riley: Booooo! Ay, Cuttotheflick!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Air Marshall 50 Cent: I'll stop these terrorists... or die tryin'...
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Air Marshall 50 Cent: I'm gonna put an end to this... or die tryin'...
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Terrorist: You will not kill me, Air Marshall 50 Cent! You will only die trying! Air Marshall 50 Cent: But I will kill you. Or I'm... uh... I'm gonna die... uh... trying...
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	A Pimp Named Slickback: Tom, I hope you can appreciate our 'No Refunds' policy. How about a complimentary date with Sweetest Taboo?
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(After Tom re-enacts Usher's Burn) Riley: BOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!! Hey Tom, Shut the fuck up! Granddad: Boy watch your mouth! Tom, shut the fuck up!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley: Usher??!! (laughs) That nigga's my age!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Huey: Could be worse. Could've been Omarion.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Usher proceeds to knock him to the ground) Sarah: Wait! Stop! Don't hurt him! Jazmine: I'm sorry Usherrrrrrr!
tv-boondocks	family	tv-quote	general	0	Grandad: (to Riley) I'm gonna take me a nap, gonna drink me a Red Bull, then I'm wake up and beat you until you decide to talk!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Ed Wuncler III: (to the assembled crowd) What the fuck y'all lookin' at? (into his Bluetooth) No baby, I wasn't talking to you...
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Gin Rummy: (to Riley as he and Ed rode of on his bike) Thank you for not snitching! Ed Wuncler III: You stupid mother fucka!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Ed and Rummy laugh while Riley looks like he's bound to cry) Ruckus: It was them Freeman boys! I'm tellin' you you can't trust those new niggas!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Everybody Gasps) Ruckus: (modestly) Yeah I said it...
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley: But what will my niggas think of me if i snitched? Huey: What niggas? Riley: I got niggas!!! Huey: Where? Riley: In da street!!! Huey: What street?
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Possessed Tom: You ain't too little to get that ass whooped! bring it on Huey
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Possessed Tom: Is that all you got, nigga? Uncle Ruckus: Oh, no, nigga. That's just the tip of this iceberg. (Opens a book and shoves it in Possessed Tom's face) Read, nigga, read!!! Possessed Tom: AAAAAAAAGGGGHHHHH!!!(bed begins to levitate)
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley, Grandad and Ruckas: Nigga! Get yo black ass out of there!
tv-boondocks	arts	tv-quote	edgy	1	Uncle Ruckus: We must use the tools God gave us to fight niggas; a whip, a noose,a night-stick,a branding iron! These things strike fear into a nigga's heart. A job application!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Tom: (reviving) Uh-uh- w-what am I doing on Riley's bed? Riley: You know, that's a real good question! What are you doing in my bed?! All the beds in this house and I got the possessed nigga in my bed! Ain't this a bitch! Some ol' bullshit!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Granddad and Thugnificent, apparently reconciling, shake hands and hug. The press applauds) Granddad: (quietly, sourly) You still gonna pay for my lawn. Thugnificent: (quietly, venomously) Eat a dick, old nigga.
tv-boondocks	arts	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Granddad is awoken by the loud music at Thugnificent's house party) Granddad: Hey!!! Shut up with all that damn noise!!!! I'm an old man, y'all need to listen to some Nat King Cole and some Johnny Mathis!!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riley: (To Luna, who has just arrived) We don't keep cash in the house!
tv-boondocks	arts	tv-quote	general	0	(After telling Robert and Tom about the various abuse experiences she's had) Luna: After that, I had one terrible relationship after another. I suffered every kind of abuse imaginable: Verbal...
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Ex-Boyfriend #1: I told you not to wash my bloody ski mask with detergent because it irritates my fucking eczema!!!!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Luna: Spiritual...
tv-boondocks	love	insult	edgy	1	Ex-Boyfriend #2: Look at ya, don't nobody want you but me. You ain't fuck without me. You without me equal shit, you understand that you ugly fat bitch. Now let me borrow your car.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Luna: ...and then there was that summer I dated Jim Brown...
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	nsfw	1	Doorbell Ho: (orgasmically) Ding....... dong.... Thugnificent: That's right, nigga! Whore Bell.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley: Hey, if nigga's ain't mad at you, you're doing something wrong! Huey: By that definition then, you have a very bright future. Riley: Thanks, man!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Thugnificent: Riley, why you didn't tell us someone jacked yo' chain? Riley: I didn't want y'all to think I couldn't handle my shit like a man. Flownominal: Riley, that's the whole point of bein' in a crew, nigga! So you ain't never gotta handle yo' own shit like a man!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Annual All-Star Weekend presenter on Riley) Presenter: Here he is winning the 3-point contest, making it rain like Lil' Wayne out this Mother(Beeped)! Without taking off his warm-ups! Or his Tims, nigga!
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	Uncle Ruckus: (blows referee whistle) Alright everbody, keep an eye on your wallet! Heh,heh heh! (to Riley) Look here ol' dawg, the only stealin' and shootin' I wanna see is this here b-ball, ya little future ex-con!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	(Riley wants to change the name of the team from the Woodcrest Deers) Tom Dubois: You don't like the name? We rep Timid Deer! Riley: I don't wanna rep Timid Deer. I want to rep something that doesn't sound faggy!
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	(Uncle Ruckus is reffing the basketball game.) Uncle Ruckus: (to Riley, regarding Cindy McPherson) Lookin' at the white girl is a foul. Speakin' to the white girl is a technical foul! And touchin' the white girl... ho-ho ho ho ho, now that's a LYNCHIN'!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	"Fearsome" Cindy McPherson: Uh-Oh.Don't get picked by a girl now! I don't think you want that. That ain't pretty!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Cindy is taunting Riley on the court as she stands dribbling) "Fearsome" Cindy McPhearson: Got 'em.... Got 'em.... Got 'em!! (Blows past Riley and scores with a layup) Uncle Ruckus: FOUL, FOUL, keep your hands off that little girl Riley: com on man that's some old bullshit
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(After his team lose the last basketball game.) Tom Dubois: Motherfuckker! Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Pricks! Shit. Shit. Shit. Shhhhhheeeeiiiiiittttt...
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riley Freeman: Yo momma got caught givin' up neck in the bathroom at the Woodcrest Country Club and it wasn't yo daddy.
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	Uncle Ruckus: (talking to Riley) white man made you look like a fool, aint no surprise to me all the greatest basketball players have always been white still are Larry Bird, Dirk Novitzki oh sure he's ugly as hell on the face but he's as white as rice.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley: Huey? Huey: Yeah? Riley: I don't like losin'. Huey: Well, then stop beatin yourself. Riley: Huey? Huey: Yeah? Riley: You still a bitch! (laughs)
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Robert "Granddad" Freeman: I've seen that raggedy piece of shit house. That nigga ain't lost that damn much.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley Freeman: Everybody knows that New Orleans Niggas is grime-y!" Nique: (walks by) "Yup, thanks wotey" Riley Freeman: "That's my hat!"
tv-boondocks	faith	tv-quote	general	0	Jericho's Mother: The Lord will provide another lamp!!! Praaaaiiise JESSSSUSSS!!!!!
tv-boondocks	arts	tv-quote	general	0	Uncle Ruckus: I hate jazz music, sounds like a&#65279; long car wreck with a bunch of cats!
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	Uncle Ruckus: Ever hear of that movie, When The Levees Broke? I got me a documentary called 'When Are The Levees Gonna Break Again?
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	Robert "Grandad" Freeman: I'm sorry the levees broke but if they don't get their black asses out of here, I'm gonna be broke.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Uncle Ruckus: I got a dog named Levee and every time it rains I kick him.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Jericho: Come on Robert, what would mama say it she knew you were kickin' out your family? Robert "Granddad" Freeman: SHE'D SAY GET THEM BROKE-ASS NIGGAS THE FUCK OUT!!!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley: Bitch, this all you got?!! Three dollars and a prepaid cellphone with only two fucking minutes left on it?!!
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	Uncle Ruckus: Hey there Robert! I'd offer to help you with your bags, but you a coon!
tv-boondocks	family	tv-quote	edgy	1	Huey: I'm not gonna fight you, I'm grounding you! Riley: Ground me? What is this? Family Ties? Nigga, you can't ground me! Huey: I just did. Don't leave the house.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Riley is preparing to leave the house) Riley: (under breath) This nigga musta lost it! I wanna know what this nigga be smokin' on! Shoot. Talkin' about I'm grounded. I'm Young Reezy! I goes where I wants'ta go.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Huey begins to run at a rapid pace as Riley opens the door). (Huey kicks Riley in the face). Huey: Your grounded! Riley: (After being drop-kicked) You better have eyes in the back of yo' head, nigga!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Huey: I have supreme authority while Granddad's away! Riley: You got supreme authority over these nuts, nigga!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riley:(after being thrown in closet) I'm closet-phobic.
tv-boondocks	life	quip	general	0	(A gun battle ensues)
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riley: Okay! I'm reloaded! Hee-hee! Heh heh heh heh! How you like that, fool?
tv-boondocks	life	observation	general	0	(Both have guns pointed at each others heads, at point-blank range)
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Huey: Why does it always have to end up like this? Riley: Cuz youse a bitch. Huey: Don't do it!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	(They both pull their triggers and knock each other out)
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley: Can't you just be happy to see another nigga fitted up--lookin' dipped and buttered and shinin' and glistenin'? Huey:You used all of the money
tv-boondocks	family	tv-quote	edgy	1	Huey: You both say the word nigga all the time. Robert"Granddad" Freeman: I do not! Huey: Riley thought it was his name until he was three.
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	Ann Coulter: (repeated line) I mean... [scoffs]
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(On the phone trying to hire extras to fill out a protest) Reverend Rollo Goodlove: Hell nah them niggas ain't getting no dinner, Just lunch...able
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	Bill Cosby: I don't think black people should ever use racist words when describing other black people. And if you DO, then you're a Sambo, and a Coon. B'HAH HAH HAH HAH.
tv-boondocks	tech	tv-quote	general	0	Uncle Ruckus: (about Huey's story): What website is that?
tv-boondocks	tech	quip	general	0	www.madeupmonkeyshit.com
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	(song is cut off mid-sentence) Master Colonel: Thank you, Tobias. I want you to know, you've always been like a son to me, except I would never ever lay with your black jungle bunny momma. Tobias: Oh, master! Thelma: KILLS DEM BOTH!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Tobias: NO! You lyin' black bitch! Thats wasn't a week! Oh!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Story pauses)' Riley:'Hold up, hold up! How this nigga learned that ninja shit? They didn't know about that back then!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Catcher leaps from tree to tree like Tarzan) Uncle Ruckus:Look at that nigga go! Ha Ha!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(Story pauses) Riley:Oh look you see that nigga flip from tree to tree like on some old Tarzan shit? Wait, wait, wait, bring that back; I need that again! Uncle Ruckus:I be happy to that for ya. (Scene rewinds and starts up again) Look at that negro go again! Ha Ha!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Huey: I like Elton John. But that doesn't make me gay. Riley: Is Elton John gay? Huey: Yeah. Riley: See? And YOU gay.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley: (gesturing effeminately) I'm the most not-gay nigga of the not-gay niggas of the whole universe!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Riley: My nigga, I watch BET everyday, feel me? Ain't nuttin' wrong wit' me, feel me? Nigga you just hatin', feel me? That's why you ain't never gonna have no paper, ain't never gonna have no bitches, feel me?
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Male BET Employee: I've got a question. Weggie Rudlin: Of course you do, you didn't go to Harvard.
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	Uncle Ruckus : I wake up about a quarter of five in the A.M. every morning. That's about 12 more hours before most niggas wake up. Heh, heh.
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	edgy	1	Uncle Ruckus: I got somethin' for a fraternity for niggas. A fraternity of bananas up a tree! (barks like a dog, then laughs). Black fraternities should have a name, like boogedy boogedy! Hey, I got a black fraternity for ya, it's called prison! Jail Fi Jail, nigga!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	(in the movie theater while Madea's Next Movie is playing) Uncle Ruckus: Will you niggas, PLEASE shut the hell up?!! I'm tryin to watch this piece of (Beep) movie?!!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	In Granddad's dream, dozens of Stinkmeaners try to break into his house. Three Stinkmeaners emerge from a wall, and one yells: Colonel Stinkmeaner: My name is Colonel H. MOTHERFUCKING Stinkmeaner, and this time, I'm rolling DEEP, NYU-KA!!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[As the police arrest the other three Hateocracy members] Colonel Stinkmeaner (narrating): And that's the moral of the story. Some niggas need to go jail! I may be in hell, but at least I ain't in jail, nigga! (laughs maniacally)
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[In Granddad's dream, Tom lets the Stinkmeaners drag Sarah away.] Sarah: TOM, YOU PUNK-ASS MOTHERF-- AAAH!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	edgy	1	[In response to one of Bushido Brown's demands] Granddad: Nigga, did you just tell me to wipe your ass?
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	[Referring to Bushido's corpse] Granddad: Somebody get that headless dickhead off my lawn!
tv-boondocks	life	tv-quote	general	0	Riley: I don't give to nobody, I just pay the cost to do business.
tv-boondocks	society	tv-quote	general	0	Jazmine: Hi Mr. Freeman! Granddad: Well hello little baby. Jazmine: Would you like to buy some candy bars to keep kids away from gang and guns?
tv-boondocks	work-money	tv-quote	general	0	Riley: You wanna be in this business, you got to pay the cost to doing business, and when the cost gets too high, you get out of business.
